This course presented repeated some of the material from previous courses, had limited challenging material and no programming.  It was much too easy for anyone who had already completed the first two courses and it should not have been a standalone course but rather could easily have been part of another course.
Time wasting, all could be summarized in 30 mins video at the end of the previous courseThis specialization has increased my knowledge and passion to learn about machine learning.but that course took me alot as i really hated wasting my time watching aaaaalllll these videos for nothing really really small amount of useful informationSorry if i was rude, but that's my opinion and that's because i really appreciate coursera contribution in knowledge sharing especially for those who can't afford it (like me)
This course is too elementary and abstract compared to previous two courses. It is more for a folks managing DL/ML projects . I would have expected more hands on coding experience for much deeper concepts in this DL course rather some very elementary theoretical discussion on how to Manage ML Projects.
While there is some new and interesting material, it is not enough to justify this being a course on its own. The material could have been easily added to previous courses, as it repeats or extends what was covered there.The "flight simulator" quizzes can be challenging, but also boring. Some of the techniques presented should be practiced with programming exercises. Transfer learning or multitasking based on material from the previous courses would have been great. Knowing that these techniques exist is not enough.A project teaching how to remove the last layer and retrain to learn a different task would have been very exciting and informative.I completed the course for the sake of the specialization, but I was not very motivated.
Extremely boring course without any practice. All the topics explained could be summarized on a dozen of pages which are obviously much easier and faster to read.
What is this doing here? Just useless. No science, only insights that would be valuable were they not already given in the other courses of the specialization.
I missed the programming assignments :-(May be it wasnt worth having this entirely as a separate course.It could have been combined with previous 2 courses.
Don't understand why there's no way to pause the subscription while waiting for the next course to start.
this course is very useless. Learned little about deep learning in this course
I cannot save the quiz ,in non paid mode - why?
Volume is too low. Class content is not much.
Slow, boring and totally useless
boring and uninformative
Didntlikethiscourseatall
not good as other
I just felt this course was a bit confusing in the sense that I never really got the chance to apply what I have learned all in this course. For example, for transfer learning, it's much better to have a programming assignment to understand and test as to for what kind of problems is this gonna be necessary and where can I go wrong instead of just a set of questions.This seriously shouldn't have been a 2 weeks course, Instead, this should have been a 4 weeks course to better understand the intricacies in the learning algorithms and it's diversifications.I was disappointed.
I found the course rather confusing than helpful. One of the key issues with video-only courses is lack of interaction of the user with the material. In previous Andrew's ML courses, this issue was cunningly tackled with "wake-up" multiple choice mini-quizzes. Such techniques would help the course a lot.The questions in the exam were poorly phrased and full of typos; some had numerical issues (percentage of errors in the dev set did not sum up).  Some of the answers seemed to contradict with the material as I remembered it from the course: f.e., the question on whether to get more foggy images to improve the model performance should have been answered with "augmentation is fine as long as it looks fine to the human eye". This contradicts to Andrew's remarks in the course video "Addressing data mismatch" video -> Artificial data synthesis. Are you sure we would not introduce a bias by adding artificial fog to frontal camera images?
The 3rd course is more art than science. There is a lot of breadth, but we cover each topic in passing. Therefore, from a student perspective, I find that the concepts are not cemented and it is entirely possible that I forget them once I move on to the next course. The second issue I find with the course is that there are no programming assignments. Programming assignments. Programming assignments are key to understanding such complex topics and getting the idea cemented. It would have been much better, if we could cover each topic such as data-mismatch, comparison to human level performance, etc via assignments.
There is not much content in this course to be offered as a full course of its own. Andrew just repeats the same material over and over again; you will find this true if you have already completed the previous courses of the Specialization.
Definitely not worth paying for (and I literally completed this in one afternoon). Thankfully I did not pay, so it was not that bad value in fairness.In honesty the lack of value from this course actually says a lot about Andrew Ng's original Machine Learning course, which was consistently excellent. Actually coding in Octave for that class cemented a lot of concepts as well, which this course does not.The title of the course suggests this is pitched towards more advanced students who already know about Machine Learning but maybe not so much about best practices. This feels far too basic for that demographic. The practices are sensible though and useful, if maybe overly focussed on massive datasets as opposed to the ones that Google *doesn't* deal with on a daily basis. Things like SMOTE could have been mentioned as well, for example.TL;DR: This feels like a missed opportunity. My advice is don't take it if you've done Andrew Ng's ML course. Google things after that and wait for a decent course that's pitched towards intermediate students.
Notwithstanding the great video lectures this course's assignments were poorly composed:Firstly, there are no programming assignments! I understand the material here is mostly conceptual, however subjects such as 'Transfer learning' and 'Multi - task learning' should be given as a programming assignments. In 'Transfer learning' you need to modify an existing model, which I think is a good tool for a student. Hopefully we will use it in future lessons. Lastly some of the questions in both 'quizzes' have many complaints in the forum and the same complaints reappear yearly, therefor it's a bit annoying no measures are taken to modify the questions so they will be clearer.
This course was pretty poor. Too many of the lectures are repetitive, and the examples given to discuss the concepts seem overly simplistic. It would be far better if AN actually discussed previous cases and what pitfalls to watch out for. For example, it's useful for practitioners to understand human component features that he mentions. He's probably seen a lot of instances in which engineers came up with great ideas that ended up differentiating a mediocre-performing algorithm from a far better one.  He could also discuss go into greater case study detail of instances in which transfer learning/muti-task learning worked well or not.
Very verbose with hand-wayy examples. The 18 minute lecture was the hardest Ive tried to not fall asleep. The second quiz has extremely badly written questions with multiple choice answers. Very ambiguously worded QnA. Don't mistake this review for the whole DL specialization though. Andrew's DL specialization course is brilliantly structured and an excellent primer for folks such as myself just getting into DL. It is only this section on structuring ML projects which is a little bit of a drab.
The material is great, but the production quality is so poor that I had to give 4 stars only. Videos have blank and repeating segments, and more quizes have mistakes that make getting a 100% because you know the material impossible (you have to tolerate some wrong answers to do it). This means you can't rely on quizes at all, because maybe the ones you got right were actually wrong :). The ones I got wrong were also called out by other people on the forums, so I guess maybe I am right.
This course is just a set of (perhaps useful) advice on how to make decisions when working on a project, not a course on techniques or how to actually do things. There are no programming assignments as in the other courses of the specialization, just some "decision making simulators".  I learned more and enjoyed more the other courses. It feels like all these advice could be given as part of the other courses. (But perhaps I am much more technically inclined.)
This part did not interest me much because I find that it does not go into detail and concretely I did not learn anything useful. Indeed we have plenty of examples that teach us what to face in a situation but in the end if we are a beginner we simply do not know how to do ... I find that it is + a documentary that Classes.I am hard on my scoring of this 3rd part but I strongly recommend to follow the first 2 parts which go into detail.
The most exciting part of the course as others in the series is the interviews that Andrew does with deep learning researchers. I thought I would learn more about how to structure actual machine learning projects from a software perspective and how I would incorporate them to real products. I felt the videos for this course were too long and cover somehow basic common sense.
the course doesnt have any programming assignments. I feel that these two weeks should have been added/combined with first 2 courses. The knowledge that is provided is useful, but it is mainly useful once you are an expert at building neural networks and models. I feel that this course should have been the last course in the series instead of the 3rd course
Just a few videos without any programming excercise or a bunch of rather broad statements that are not really tried out in programming examples are not really worth the money and more importantly the time. The first two courses are good, this is definitely a drop in terms of quality. This one needs more meat on the bone.
This had the potential to be a very good course, but fell far short, in my assessment. It probably should have been rolled into the previous course as a couple of additional lectures.Either that, or it should be expanded greatly, with more practical exercises to solidify the concepts taught.
Doesn't look like it was checked for quality control (e.g. Videos with bad takes), Ng rambles sometimes so that it seems as if he is filling time, there are no knowledge checks. This course wasn't ready. Case study flight simulators are good, but poorly introduced.
The teacher seemed to not have a clear idea of what all he needed to say in the video and verbally flailed somewhat, and many times seemed to be adding things purely for the sake of padding video length. Don't waste my time. The content was mildly useful.
I need a lot more practice than is offered here. I would also strongly prefer if the instruction followed some of the best practice laid out in books such as "How Learning Works" because I have difficulty following the instructor's line of reasoning.
Answers in the multiple choice seems incomplete for me, I don't necessary agree with the answers presented unless more detail on some context (that I don't think we should assume) is present for the questions.
This course is good, but here is so few practice. This is hard to understand without practice. Looks like I didn't understand many problems in this course. Need more explanation, more samples, more practice.
Zero programming assignments, but simple quizzes that will make whatever you just learned as fleeting as the morning dew on a hot summer's day. Too bad, because otherwise the material is quite interesting.
Although important, i think this should be the last course in the specialisation as it covers the harder parts of handling various errors and their causes before knowing how these models are trained
the best course in so far, not that much theory but a lot of "insides" from the field. However, still no practice, Im studying for 3 month and still have no idea how to create a real application.
There's theory, but, without practice and application in my opinion.  I did not like it because it seems to be easily forgotten seeing that I did not associate with practical excercises.
Most (if not all) of the information covered in this module was covered, perhaps with a little less depth, in the previous modules. However, it's probably worth repeating.
Poor video editing. Not enough graded material to feel confident that I fully understand the concepts proposed in the lectures. Definite step backwards from courses 1-2.
Could be better in terms of the concept  taught. A course I would prefer as the last one in the specialization. Week 2 Material is good but whole course is too slow.
This course had a much less ambitious scope than the previous two courses and I think that the programming assignments are very important to help me learn properly.
Too much information in too little time. Additionally, all information is mostly practical, and having no real exercises makes it hard to remember all the details.
The  course should be much shorter (e.g. half a week). The messages are pretty straightforward and could have been passed in one quarter of the time.
I still feel a little confused when I have so many options to improve my NN. This course is less clearly taught than the two former to this one!
I found it quite verbose... Could have easily been shrunk and fit inside the other course... Don't think it needs a separate course for this
Really bad course. Even the professor does a good job at explaining everything, it does not seem to be a technical course :(
This course is too theoretical, would like to see some multi task learning or transfer learning programming assignments.
i missed practical (programming) assignments here. quizes are great, but could never substitute for getting hands dirty.
The weakest of the three so far - comparatively lots of fluff. Unclear definitions with lots of perhapses and maybes.
I have been working in industry for 5 years now and this are not really the problems we encounter in practice.
Not applicable enough. I think you need more tooling around DL before these meta lectures makes sense.
Had the feeling of a "filler" course although it was interesting to hear about the various challenges
A lot of very common-place suggestions that could just as easily be conveyed in a third of the time.
Too theoretical. It would be good to have some practical (programming) assignments here as well.
Not much to learn in this course, basic recommendations can be condensed in one or two lectures
A lot of the content seemed redundant both within the lectures and with the previous courses
Interesting but redundant. It's not worth an entire course, even if it's only two weeks
long videos saying actually very little  ... disappointment
Quite boring and not so interactive like the first course
good but more theoretical course rather than pratical
this is the boring course in the specialization
Can be better, but there's way too much fluff
Some things are best learned from experience.
Frankly I didn't find this to be very useful.
There is no a lot of content in this course
Missing a bit of practical Python exercises
Pretty basic and not enough practical
Useful only for beginners
Too little materials.
Very theoritic
Much too slow
Too short
(09/2019)Overall the courses in the specialization are great and provide great introduction to these topics, as well as practical experience. Many topics are explained clearly, with valuable field practitioners insight, and you are given quizzes and code-exercises that help deepen the understanding of how to implement the concepts in the videos. I would recommend to take them after the initial Andrew Ng ML course by Stanford, unless you have prior background in this topic.There are a few shortbacks:1 - the video editing is poor and sloppy. Its not too bad, but it’s sometimes can be a bit annoying.2 - most of the exercises are too easy, and are almost copy-paste. I need to go over them and create variations of them in-order to strengthen my practical skills. Some exercises are quite challenging though (especially in course 4 and 5), and I need to go over them just to really nail them down, as things scale up quickly. Course 3 has no exercises as its more theoretical. Some exercises have bugs - so make sure to look at the discussion board for tips (the final exercise has a huge bug that was super annoying).3 - there are no summary readings - you have to (re)watch the videos in order to check something, which is annoying. This is partially solved because the exercises themselves usually hold a lot of (textual) summary, with equations.4 - the 3rd course was a bit less interesting in my opinion, but I did learn some stuff from it. So in the end it’s worth it. Not sure I would have taken it as a stand-alone course, though.5 - Slide graphics and Andrew handwriting could be improved. 6 - the online Coursera Jupyter notebook environment was a bit slow, and sometimes get stuck. Again overall - highly recommended
I'm glad I spent some time on the "Flight simulator" assignments in this course. It's the first time in the specialization when I actually found the quiz questions challenging, and that's a welcome change. However, I didn't learn too much from the lectures. They were too repetitive, either repeating themselves or the material from the previous course. One or two videos could also do with better editing work: I could hear Andrew making a soundcheck, and there's a 30sec segment that's played twice in a row. Overall, it's probably worth doing this course, given that it requires very little time, and the assignments are useful.
This is a 2-week follow-up on the previous two courses in this specialization.While it's a decent course that goes over a few interesting topics, I have a hard time giving it more than three stars. Reasons for that are below:(1) Especially the first week felt very slow and repetitive. Most of the material could have been summarized a much smaller timeframe. (2) The course went over some interesting topics in a very high-level way, but skipped a lot of the details that would have been very interesting to people looking to learn deep learning in depth (like the target audience of this course!). (3) While I think the approach of having some themed case studies for the test is neat, a lot of the answers left me thinking "well, the correct answer would also depend on X which isn't specified". Good concept to test knowledge in a "discussion/oral exam" session, but IMHO bad for hard "wrong or right" multiple choice tests.(4) Some videos had "black screen" times at the end, errors, cut-offs and repetitions were not cut out, and overall I think this had the least amount of "polishing" of the courses in this specialization so far.I'd have preferred if the content of this course were a bit more steamlined and merged it into the other courses of this specialization.
Overall, I think that it was a good course but in my opinion, the knowledge of this course cannot be easily transferred to people with very few experience in Machine Learning. Therefore, I was wondering whether it should be the 3rd course or the 5th course in this Deep Learning Specialization! Moreover, in order for someone to deeply comprehend these concepts such that he/she is able to apply them in a Machine Learning project, he/she should work on a project on his own where he/she will meet these concepts and will have to search in order to solve them.Last, personally, even though I am quite satisfied from the courses, I would expect that one more course is added to Coursera which is going to require to build a Deep Learning project! I think that this course should be of more advanced level and require (not Intermediate as those ones) and should require from students to build projects like the ones builded in the cs230 class from Stanford.Greetings from a PhD USC student
The content in this course is excellent; however, the learning activities are insufficient for truly internalizing the material and do not follow evidence-based guidelines for learning (see the book, Make it Stick). The video lectures cover a lot of ground, but I found that many were a bit too long, often dwelling on points well after they were made. The problem is that the only actual learning activity is a 15 question multiple choice at the end of each week (and there are only two weeks of material). The course would really benefit from having questions embedded in the videos, similar to Udacity style courses. Following those with the 15 question "simulator" would then reinforce the material. However, this course also needs programming assignments at the end of each week so that students can actually gain real experience with the methods and suggestions.
Good general information is provided but this material could be layered into the other courses in this specialization.  I would recommend that the case studies be based on real industry problems that present the backstory of the decisions the teams made.  Also programming assignments would be useful in which the impact of incorrectly classified training data is studied in detail or in which images that have been synthesized are used versus not used.  It did not take too much time to work through this course so the information provided is worth the cost, but I am not convinced that this series is viewed as more than an opportunity to make some money off of the name brand.  Much of the information provided so far is covered in the Deep Learning - Goodfellow text and the extras are vague and repetitive.
There's some very good tips in this course, but it's not enough content to even warrant the two weeks that's it's spread out over. It would have been high quality material as a part of another course or as an addendum, but it hardly stands alone by itself. Unfortunately, that seems to be the trend on Coursera to provide sparse content spread out over multiple courses to milk money. Entire specializations could be fit in one course but now it's 7. Viewed in context of this specialization, a lot of what Andrew Ng lectures on seems to be padding to lengthen the videos since he tends to repeat the same points over and over and over. In other words, a lot of what Andrew Ng lectures on seems to be padding to lengthen the videos ... see what I did there? Maybe I can get a job at Coursera?
Some interesting information in week 2 where multitask learning, transfer learning and end-to-end vs sequential nets are discussed. The bit on breaking down your errors into classes will also come in handy! Week 1 was quite repetitive and seemed to be mostly common sense, probably could have cut these videos in half without losing much. Personally I watched most of this at 1.5x speed to avoid falling asleep. First quiz also had some less then conclusive answers - there's a lot of disagreement in the forums! Some issues also with the cutting of the videos, those these are only a minor nuisance overall.Overall, less impressive then the other courses but still useful knowledge can be obtained here.From a philosophical standpoint, I especially liked the 2 interviews in this course.
A huge decline comparing to the absolutely amazing precedents. Though the content is important and relevant, it is designed mainly for actual practitioners in the field, which is a mismatch with the audience of the specialization. The lecture is repetitive to the extent that I doubt I hit backwards by mistake. The video is raw with vocal tests and black-frames uncut, minutes of vacant content. The quizzes are trivial and not enough to really solidify your understanding comparing to the perfect programming assignments before. If out of the context of the whole series, I would give it 1 star. The quality of the specialization is great, but to pack such little content into a "course" is disappointing.
This course offers some good advice when it comes to (much needed) practical considerations when training neural networks, and to a reasonable extent machine learning algorithms in general. I personally don't see myself successfully applying the content on Multitask Learning, Transfer Learning and  End-to-End ML in real scenarios straight after finishing this course unless I go ahead and learn these in more depth. The "flight simulator" approach to applying what has been taught was great! I would have liked more (perhaps optional) exercises in this format. I would have also not minded a longer course that could go more in depth into the bias-variance tradeoff and the aforementioned topics.
Great materials but 1) quiz questions are sometimes vaguely stated thus causes confusion, while almost no one from the course stuff is giving satisfying answers in the forum to help clarify; 2) multiple mistakes in video editing, e.g. part of clips played repeatedly, and blank dark background without any content somehow got inserted into the video; 3) really hope to see another programming assignment in Tensorflow; not that I don't agree with pilot-training assignment, but programming would be good to have because essentially this is where data science projects are built.
Not exactly what the title promises. In this course you will learn more about the overall approach of a ML than how to organize your data and best practices on comunicating and sharing information. (at least in week one, so far haven't started week 2).Now I've done week 2, is much better than week 1, but still the problems presented are way more in a way of the rational behind the ML projects than Structuring the project itself, peharps a better title would be: "DEFINING GOOD MACHINE LEARNING STRATEGY APPROACHES" or something like it.
Whereas the 2 courses that preceded this one in the specialization are focused on explaining how Deep Neural Networks work, this course is more for people with experience of NNs and how to troubleshoot issues that might occur in the wild.I think the content here is really great, but if you're someone like me with no real world experience of Deep Learning, it is not so interesting as the other courses which explain the core concepts of the approach, rather than how to fine tune a real system to get better performance.
The curse is quite simple, there are a few interesting insights so it's not all bad. I feel I've learnt some interesting ideas. However, I feel it's quite incomplete. There are several problems that happen "in the wild" that are not covered. There is more that image classification and speech recognition to machine learning, therefore the experience of Andrew makes the course content biased to problems that are interesting but very specific. I was expecting something better given the quality of the first ML course.
While it was useful to see some of the best practices in ML, and the course contains practical information, the information could be delivered more concisely. Also, we get a lot of intuition, but the delivering of the material is getting less and less rigorous. The very least it would be nice to see some sources attached to each video. 3 stars may be a bit harsh, and it does not mean that I do not think it is important to listen to this course, it is more about the way of delivering the information.
As always Dr. Andrew Ng offers great insights into specifics of hot topics (Multi-Task & Transfer Learning) as well as providing unique "studies" as quizzes to complete each week.  These quizzes are the primary take-away from the 2 weeks that offer a lot of redundant lecture material.  Save some time... just make the 'simulations' the focus of the class then... perhaps use some transfer learning toward a different application in the quiz.
This is a decent course, but I found it less useful than other courses so far. There seemed like a lot of redundancy and repetitiveness in the descriptions, and I think all of the information could easily be fit into a single week that more concisely captures the exact same information. The quizzes in this course were interesting because it had a very applied nature (trying to capture real world scenarios you may encounter)
This is a valuable but misplaced course. After the first two courses, I expected to get hands-on experience with TF+Keras, and after that, or beside it, learn about strategies of tackling ML projects. However, by first talking about the strategies, one could miss many valuable points because one is not deeply aware of the necessity of these points. Hence, the course was boring comparing the last two.
Good class, but I think as part of the Deep Learning specialization that it'd be more useful if there were some programming exercises to reinforce what is taught in the videos.Week 1 seems to reference a "flight simulation" programming assignment, but then it just has a description and a "mark as completed" button. Maybe this programming assignment is still being worked on or the content is wrong.
I'm grading this course lower than I graded the two previous ones for two reasons: 1) while there are many examples given in the course, it is actually hard to take a step back and see how to concretely achieve some goals in a more generic manner, and 2) in the assignments (which are made of quizzes), many "wrong" answers would actually be appropriate if more context was given.
Thanks Andrew for this course! However, it is obvious that less care was taken for the preparation of this course compared to previous courses (more typos, etc). Some of the sentences in the quiz were not clear at all and made it very confusing to choose from the options. A little programming assignment at least would be nice to reinforce our learning of the materials.
nice lectures and very useful knowledge learned by Andrew, but it is really short and no working assignment through real code.... and quite a lot more mistake than course1 and 2.  Really love the two previous courses, don't work why the quality of the course drop off so sharply.  Somewhat disappointed, but still really great lectures.
It gave much more industry driven approaches to improving the model. I as a student don't have that much experience with deeplearning and that' why I couldn't relate with most of the topics that were going on here. Of course, the  teaching quality was supreme. But the course's contents itself felt a little bit dry to me.
The course work is really good. It has a practical emphasis. However, I did not like the quizzes (especially week 2 quiz) in the sense that the options are not very clear to understand and you end up being more confused. I hope the team works on the clarity of options for people who take it in future.
Even though the materials in the course are very interesting, I would expect that in the third course we would have more tools in order to work by ourselves in a project... It would have been amazing a final project where you can put together this tools. Nevertheless it is still an interesting course.
This course was less satisfying then the 2 previous in the specialization. A lot of repetitions, no programming exercices. Interesting test cases but feels a little out of scope because we have not done image and speech reccon yet. Consider putting the course at the end of the specialization maybe?
I think the week 1 was overstreched. There was not much content to deliver and for the first time Andrew's classes made me sleep. It was like the boring lectures we get at school. I think we can easily shorten the length of this course or just scrape it and add it to course 2.
I found this course to be a bit confusing with regards to what data set (training/dev/test) to fix under what conditions and so on. I've also missed having a practical home work, the case studies were fine, but I find that practical applications help me remember things better.
Some of the quiz questions (especially in the first week) were quite ambiguous. If I did not take the quiz directly after the videos, I don't believe I would be able to pass, Also some written summaries as in the 1st Ng's Machine Learning course would be helpful.
Some helpful advice here and there, but a lot of it seemed like common sense. It was not that difficult and a tad boring. Would maybe benefit from having us do actually data collection and cleaning tasks, or implement a ML pipeline and monitoring for the pipeline
Generally provides very good advice. Perhaps this course better placed at the end of the course as there isn't much hands-on experience involved and students would benefit form having experience with CNN's and RNN's prior to thinking on project-level scales.
Too many broad statements of "yeah, we generally do this thing for best results" with very little explanation of the background theory. I don't expect advanced math and derivations, but better intuition into why certain best practices exist would be nice.
This course was good, but it was pretty light on content to be considered a separate course by itself. Though the content is valuable, it could've been included as additional/bonus content on either of the first two courses in the DeepLearnign.ai series.
I didn't find this course as engaging as Course 1 -- there weren't any coding exercises and it felt like a bit of a let-down after the excitement of coding in Course 1. But it may turn out to have value when trying to start a new AI project from scratch.
This course felt a bit "padded" compared to the previous ones. Also the lack of programming exercises made it seem more theoretical. Finally, the material seems rushed, e.g. there are mistakes in the video editing, strangely long pauses by the teacher.
Many helpful insights and advice from an experienced person is always great, but I don't thing this can be qualified as a complete 'course'. As I now see it - Course 2 and 3 of this specialization could easily be merged into one without loosing much.
The course should have had at least two more quizzes to understand the content better. Also, I would suggest adding programming exercises that help to better explore the ideas of orthogonality, train-dev set correction, and data synthesis.
I  got an intuitions from this lectures. But What I want to get from this lecture when I first saw the title, is the method how we can define the activation function at multi-task learning etc. In this video, I got only the overall flows.
This course to me seemed a bit too much theoretical.This could have been a little more assignment weighted so as to bring more focus to study and practise.Overall the case studies were pretty thorough to cover the course material.
I think that a lot of this knowledge would have been useful had it been given after building a few projects ourselves (i.e - sample projects), I could not feel connected with the content much and was a little uninteresting for me.
The course must have had some coding exercises showing how wrong the error analysis doesn't work and also some exercises on transfer learning, multi-task learning in order to see in practice how these concepts work in real life.
This course did not really feel like a course, just videos and ambiguous quizzes. Some repetition and poor editing of the videos. I recommend to reformat this course to be more substantial and to include programming exercises.
Compare to other courses of the specialization, this has lower quality of video lectures, often repeats things from previous courses and I think it would be better to separate whole course as a separate week of a previous one.
Very interesting course about guidelines about how to set up a project target oriented, not so trivial. Perhaps an improvement could be to add a chapter on the various DN architectures available for the various tasks.
Would be much better if it included a programming assignment as a final project. I'd like to have a little less scaffolding during the decision-making process to see how well I can do on even more realistic problems.
It is a good course because it highlights practical aspects of implementing ML. Some of the test questions were a bit ambiguous though.I'd also like to have seen Transfer/Multi-task learning implementation exercises.
I understand why this course is important, but for me it was the least favorite course so far. Some of the videos were too long and repeat themselves. Maybe it's because I have knowledge in machine learning already.
This course is full of intuitions that are very difficult to remember at once. The quiz is very hard and mind teasing. For better confidence, I would like if you add one more case study.In general the course is good
Interesting and practical information, but it felt stretched out in an attempt to create a two-week course. With some editing and less repeated information this could be one week that would fit in the prior course.
Good course to learn about structuring the projects and carrying out error analysis. I wish there were some assignment to work on in addition to the case study quizzes. Assignment really help us learn effectively
The course was just a bunch of tips and suggestions. Yes, they are useful, but given the empirical nature of machine learning I would expect those tips to be accompanied by practical applications and homework.
I expected more. The videos were a little long and repetitive. The content was important, though. Maybe the course materials could be squeezed into one week and combined with the previous deep learning course.
THe course was challenging and had valuable inputs. But it would be even more wonderful if we got to work on some portion of the case studies as a capstone project at the very least. Else Its a 5 star course.
Good for the numerous hints about practical issues such as different distributions on train/dev/set. Very bad for the lack of hands-on assignments. Good practical advices but no occasion to see them working!
The quality of the course is not up to par with the other courses in the specialization. There is very little content and it is gone through too slowly. There are also more bugs and errors in the exercises.
Most of the materials in this course is tedious and have already been taught in previous courses. But I suggest the Transfer Learning and Multi-task Learning part, as well as the end-to-end learning part.
The course was misleading on what homework there was (machine learning flight simulation?) There was no homework. and the lectures were pretty bland compared to other courses in this specialty.
Transfer Learning and Multi-Task learning discussed in the course would greatly benefit from having programming assignments where people can play around with the data and learn confidently.
Good information about how to structure projects and how to boost performance. Not very hands-on however. Fits in well with the Specialization though as a break before CNN's and sequences.
Not as helpful... just a few suggestions and ideas... but there's no great application of the information learned here like a walk-through project or something with code, that's graded.
less useful than previous courses.Would appreciate to go much deeper in directions like CNN, RNN, RL and review Unsupervised Learning (which was too light, ... no mention about RBM)
It was very theoretical and subjective.It would be useful if the learner has some more experience in DNN than currently expected.But I definitely enjoyed 2nd week of the course.
Interesting content, but lacking in real work. As with all of the deeplearning.ai courses thus far, the multiple choice questions are frequently ambiguous and poorly worded.
The information is really basic,  most of it is self explanatory. This shouldn't be a course on its own, rather maybe a week/half weeks worth of material in another course.
This course is too subjective. Andrew shares his experience in a structured way in the lecture. However, I feel that correct structuring decisions need to be  brainstormed.
Seeing different practical use scenarios and adaptions is fine but it got pretty boring without a real application to tune. The Quizzes on the other hand were very good!
Although everything taught is relevant, it was too much theoretical. And some of the evaluation questions are not clear (well, at least for non native English speakers).
Generally useful skills, but the contents partially overlap with previous courses and the overall quality doesn't match the previous courses (eg poor video mastering).
The course was interesting, but in my opinion too theoretical. I preferred the first 2 courses with Python programming. I am now looking forward to the next 2 courses.
Even though some of the content is useful, I feel like this course should be merged with the second one. There is not new information enough to justify a new course.
Good material was presented in this course but there were a number of technical errors in the video recordings. If they were cleaned up this course would be perfect.
Topics are a bit vague, which is fine as the content is interesting and useful nonetheless, but perhaps exposition is too lengthy relative to the amount of content.
Gives good insights on how to work on a Machine Learning project yet. Provides some rule of thumbs for different hick-ups that may be encountered during a project.
even though there are great tips and advices, it does not justify an entire course and they can be mentioned in 3 videos so a lot of the videos were repetitive.
I like this specialization in general. However, this third one has too many overlapping contents and some videos are not that useful. Just personal opinion.
Homework is lacking. It is too easy to pass. I feel like the programming task or homework task fell short. The lectures were good but too little practice.
Good non-technical materials, but short enough to be incorporated into other courses. Some aspects feel subjective. Many typos/minor mistakes in quizzes
Was really enthousiastic about the first two courses in the specialization, the third however felt a bit like going back a step in level of advancement.
A different course for only two weeks of content? This is nuts. I waited for 15 days for financial aid to be approved and I completed it within 5 days.
Only interesting if you don't have much experience with machine learning; Might or might not be great if you are a novice, though - hard to say for me.
There was some very valuable material. However, I think some of the videos could have been prepared a little bit better and could do with more editing
Course was less interesting than the other parts. Also very negative that the last part of the 5-part specialization is taking ages to be finalized.
Good content, but could definitely benefit from a more fleshed out problem to solve. The content beg for a larger concrete coding exercice project.
This course did not contain programming assignments, only quizzes, and was thus considerably less useful, even though the knowledge was important.
Quite some questions are confusing and some are not correct itself. and this course is more concept based, didn't actually get to program a lot.
Contains some useful tips, but they are a bit too diluted - I feel like it could have lasted much less and still conveyed the same information.
This course provides some interesting insights into how to approach machine learning projects, but feels a little light on substance at times.
Great content. Some strange audio that I think should've been cut (especially in week 2). I suspect the week 2 quiz is a little buggy as well.
The course material can be clubbed with existing courses. It would have been much more meaningful with some examples and hands-on assignments
Covered important topics and real-world project considerations. However, the content and assignments are too short to make it a full course.
This time it was not that well-structured than the previous courses. I thought we would learn how to structure step by step an ML project.
Lots of information, few knowledgeChange name to "Struc. Deep Learning Projects", all other forms of ML not considered, specially for P2.
Too much similar material to the prior course, and only two simple quizzes, no hands-on programming assignments like in earlier courses.
A fundamentally very good course with a few technical gltiches that can be easily corrected and some confusing elements to be clarified.
I think this lecture is important for every research scientist. However, there was no programming examples so I was confused sometimes.
No programming assignments or labs, so too much theory, and too little chance to put same into practice. Not a good value for my money.
Still good but getting much sloppier. Bad editing of the videos, some exercises plain wrong and staff not reacting to forum posts, etc.
Course materials need some cleanup.  Were a number of audio blips, in the video.   Material was good but just didn't seem as polished.
Decent learning. Though quite some stuff, I felt as repetitive and obvious. I wish there was some programming exposure as well here
Too short on its own (took half a day to go through the whole thing), could have been combined with Course 2 of the specialization.
this session was good it would be more better if they provided the code of them..so that we could be abke to learn more from them
Felt a bit rushed, each video was full of good tips but personally I think each video should have been a jupyternotebook instead.
More theoretical than the other courses in the specialisation but still very high quality.Short but with a lot of information.
Not nearly as good as the first two courses.  These two weeks should probably be added into the second course at some point...
Would like more applied discussion and for it to be Longer. In particular I would like to see a discussion on class imbalance.
The content of this course is a bit too little for me.However, it provides useful guidance for my projects. Much appreciated!
Not nearly as valuable as the first Deep Learning course.  And the questions posed in the quizzes seemed far more subjective.
Programming practices with TensorFlow should have continued in this course. Unfortunately, these two weeks were all talking.
This course does discuss interesting and important subjects but I feel it can be combined with course 2 of this series
course is very good have a lot of important theory, it will be amazing if become 3 weeks with programming assignments.
lot of issues with assignments and ambiguous quiz questions this time around, not as polished as other Andrew courses
Could have more case studies and above all. Also programing assignments on self driving car could have been better
A bit too free form compared to the other courses in deep learning specialization, but maybe that was the goal.
This course could be way more better, if it also focused on codeing with tensorflow (like the previous course)
Overview of the machine learning process. No projects or sample code to actually organize the ideas into code.
Very nice, but I don't believe the content merits a full course. It could be integrated with courses 1 and 2.
To much talk but understandable. Need something like programming examples with different data distributions.
Seemed to be information that could have been included in another course rather than its own 2 week course.
Lectures can be summed up by: "use common sense".Quiz can be summed up by "to pass, use OUR common sense".
The quiz questions are quite confusing and some of them are not consistent with the content of the videos.
Slightly repetitive from previous courses. Could have been integrated with the future or previous course.
More quizzes or scenario-based examples or exercises at the end in coding. This felt thin in content.
This course was shorter and didn't have any programming assignments. Could've been part of course 2.
Didn't turn out to be much useful. Could've added more content or added as a part of other courses.
Unfortunately, it did not match with my expectations, too much theory and no programming exercises.
The early part rather feels slow and repetitive. The course's content seems very important though.
The videos are too lengthy, getting bored while watching them.Better reduce the length of videos.
Have mixed feeling about this one.It is more like one week course - to few materials for 2 week.
It would have been really nice to have some project work on this one instead of just quizzes.
Could have been more in depth or could have been added to another course as one extra week
The course content was great and it is more theoretical. Kindly add hands-on or projects.
Helpful guidance but I didn't get enough material to help *me* generalize what I learned.
There's no programming exercises. Pehaps one for hyper parameter tuning would be nice.
I was expecting more on tensorflow as well as technical work on error corrections.
I wish there was a programming assignment in this course instead of only quizzes.
It's better to have designed projects to show how to solve these specific issues.
Videos are quite long. Good course although a bit heavier than the previous ones
Useful but not that much for assigning to those topics a course of their own.
First week is a little bit boring for those that did Machine Learning course.
A good course though some programming exercises would have made this better.
I like coding projects and hands on material, this was heavy on the videos
The Course would be bit more Interesting if it some programming insight.
Seemed lots of similar information which was covered in previous courses
It would be better if we could try coding and experimenting these ideas.
I fear this material won't challenge many learners. Feels like review.
No practise sessions, just theory unlike others in this specialization
It was awesome but not one of the best courses in the specialization!
Good insights, but not much material and no programming assignments.
It was rather disappointing because it didn't meet my expectations.
Covers interesting concepts at length. Videos could be shortened.
I wished there were exercises besides the quizzes in this course
I thini the course needs more quizzess and a program exercise
Very short, not many practical examples. Lots of repetitions.
Video lectures tend to be repetitious, and can be confusing.
Practical knowledge, but I would prefer more hands on coding
Quite a few errors and ambiguities in the practice problems.
The topics are interesting however the content is off par.
Good content, but very focused on Computer Vision and NLP
The course es good, but it seems still under development.
It would be better if you include programming exercises.
It was hard to keep interested - lost focus many times
lacking in the usual engaging programming assignments
Was expecting more scenarios for real data experience
The course is OK, but it lacks programming exercises
Learned new things but the course was boring.......
Wordy and too abstract without hands on experience.
I would rather expect a course more like a capstone
a assignment could be given along with the theory
More programming exercises would have been great
Very general, I would like to be more specific..
Nice module however some repetition of content!
quite short, would be nice to get some practice
Could have included some programming exercises
Interesting but not very straight-to-the point
not as fun as the other courses of this series
Content was not enough to create a new course.
Expect more hand-on code practice or more quiz
Should not be a separate course. Too general.
Some useful insights but not much depth here.
sometimes, it really hard to hear the voice
Not much coding. Some lectures were rushed.
Kinda boring, but still pretty practical.
Would have liked to have some exercises.
Not enough hands-on (coding) assignments
The concepts are difficult to understand
not as interesting as the other courses
Not enough real programming examples.
need some practical implementation
programming assignment is needed.
It could be little shorter module
Too short and not enough practice
Good introduction, a bit basic
Okay, but lacks practicality
Not much useful information.
A lot of video badly edited.
Informative but too short
not that useful i thought
I missed the coding parts
Very Theoretical !!
I very simple class
Its informational
Not that good.
to theoritcal
too much bugs
Bit tedious
A bit short
Too short.
Knowledge
This course would be immensely helpful for those who have not started on their first machine learning project. However, the insights shared are quite commonsensical and intuitive for those who have already had some minimal experience in machine learning. This course also does not feel as substantial as the other courses in the specialization, though the tips provided are definitely valuable.
In my opinion this course is an important part of the specialization. But a number of issues made it fall short of a five star rating.First the positives: Of the three courses I've taken so far, the quizzes showed great creativity, which made learning fun. Well done.
 Unapologetically this course does not require students to write a single line of code. Instead it necessarily addresses issues that coders and their managers need to consider. It's not 'fluff,' but real decision points for machine learning applications. So I found this course of value for the specialization. Here's what keeps it from five stars.I think that there ought to be mini-quizzes at the end of every lecture so as to reinforce learning, rather than once at the end of 10 to 12 videos.This course is probably the right place in the specialization to include a section on the shortfalls of machine learning. So far the specialization takes the perspective of happy technicians solving the world's problems through machine learning. I think it appropriate to spend some time on how machine learning caused such a grading problem during COVID-19 (in the UK and for the International Baccalaureate), how thousands in state employment can skew results by data input and the like. Finally, as a small but jarring note - can't somebody re-edit some of the videos? Having audio repeated, hearing "test test," and microphone problems are shortcomings not expected from a course that endeavours to teach professionals. Overall four stars.
There were many video editing errors and grammatical errors in the writing in this course. I felt an increased cognitive load and more frequent distractions because of this. I would be happy to volunteer some time to help with this if you contact me. The pacing of this course felt strange; week 1 was very short and the material felt less important that week 2. I would have really enjoyed a programming assignment with transfer learning. Since we already built a cat identifier, making a monkey identifier, or flower identifier would have been lovely and fairly easy, I think.
In this course, the instructor from his experience gained through several machine learning and deep learning projects explains how to prioritize tasks in a big machine learning projects. This course does not introduce the reader to CNN or RNN but rather makes the user aware of some ML/DL tips to make the most efficient use of time and resources. Some of the most important questions addressed in this course are: 1) Why a single evaluation metric is important and what are some of the widely used metrics? 2) What is human-level performance and is it a good estimate of Bayes error? 3) What is Orthogonalization in the context of ML tasks and why is it important? 4) How to measure avoidable bias, variance error, data mismatch etc? 5) How to address data mismatch error? What is transfer learning and how is it different from multi-tasking 6) Whether one should opt for traditional or end-to-end deep learning approach?
This course from setting machine learning strategies, setting goals, error analysis and data distribution, migration and multitasking learning, and depth of the end-to-end neural network training and so on about the strategy of machine learning, to strengthen the depth of the first two lessons we learn the basic knowledge have the very big help, deep understanding of the depth of these knowledge is very good for our study harder to learn knowledge, such as convolution neural network. The greatest help of this course is that it makes us understand how to solve problems encountered in the actual development process and what is the most reasonable solution through two case studies.
In this course, Andrew is giving very interesting practical insights into how to proceed in different project settings and how to speed up each iteration. Think of it as a stand-alone optimization algorithm for deep learning projects. What I'd further expect from this course are practical assignments, e.g., data acquisition and preprocessing patterns, data (image) augmentation, and transfer learning and multi-task learning (preferably building upon introduction to tensorflow in the previous course). As I already stated in the previous previews, optional assignments without grading would also do the work in motivating the students to do something on their own.
Great insights as usual for these courses. Especially useful are the strategic insights for dealing with data mismatch between train and dev/test data sets; my favorite is the idea of a "train-dev" set to separate variance from the differences in data distributions, which had never occurred to me despite it being obvious in hindsight. The "flight sim" tests were more challenging than I expected, and really helped to cement the concepts into memory. The only criticism is that some coding assignments would have been helpful to put these ideas into practice in a guided manner. Otherwise, great course as I have come to expect from Andrew.
This course is more about explaining how to set your analysis universe(train/dev sets etc.) and where to go when u hit a road block i.e. when to concentrate on bias/variance etc. Suggestions: Unlike other courses, no programming assignments here .. may be some programming assignments + Quiz in a case study format would have been more helpful. E.g. present a case, ask the student to write piece of code to calculate bias and other metrics, and then ask questions from the metrics derived instead of mentioning directly the values for human level error, Bayes estimate.
This is a great course, something I will keep coming back to even after I'm done because it talks about strategy and rules of thumb re: Machine Learning/ Deep Learning approaches. It introduced me to certain concepts that were brand new for me and that was a great outcome for me. I wish the audio was better and the notes were better because writing on the small screen really hinders expressibility. I would rather have Dr. Ng write/draw on a chalk board than the small screen, I feel it really constrains his process. Still it's a great course!
A very quick course (significantly faster to complete than the preceding two courses in the specialization) that is usefully targeted at the practical aspects of how to go about developing a neural network.  Prof Ng sets out a clear and logical approach to building, diagnosing issues, and iteratively improving models.  The one critique I have is that a few of the topics are repeated from things already covered in the earlier courses and the editing of the videos is not done quite as well.  Still, a very worthwhile use of very little time!
Very useful tips and insights on how to approach supervised ML projects. However a more in-depth case study would be interesting, to try to answer questions like: where does easily-available input data come from ? (sure CCD cameras & other tech, but but do not forget all those little labelling hands ^^) what makes the success of hand-design features in such or such domain ? can we bootstrap ML back into tools that help with valuable hand-design ? can unsupervised learning help with cleaning up input data for ML ?
The course content is very instructive and will greatly improve your performance on real world machine learning projects. Basically, this course gives you recipes to improve the performance of your model when something is wrong in your data and if you have not enough data.Compared to the first two courses in the deep learning specialization, videos were a bit of lower quality, not completely edited and the course could have featured programming assignments, notably on transfer and multitask learning.
The course is absolutely fantastic, Andrew is a fantastic lecturer, however I could not give it 5 stars as there were parts of the videos which had not been edited well. There are parts where Andrew pauses and repeat himself again which seems intentionally done to allow the editor to appropriately remove the stumbled sections and make the talking seem continuous, but editing these sections has been overlooked. Its a shame as its a slight but noticeable issue in an otherwise flawless course.
The course content is very interesting and opened my eyes of different strategies to improve the results of a Machine Learning project.The recommendations also helped me greatly to dispel some of the myths and bluffs that run rampant in this developing field.It makes me a better engineer. On the minus side, the course is not as polished as the two previous ones and some edit could help to cut in the content that is repeated. Other than that, some great ideas and I am glad I took it
I liked how the course gives such insights that would help in progressing efficiently with a DL project in hand. This is the kind of thing that one needs to know about in addition to all the technical aspects.I think the course would benefit from even more examples where a concrete project is examined and the student could see how the team was progressing: what were the iterations, what challenges were resolved, what were the intermediate results and of course: the final result.
The course gave an extremely wholistic insight into what applying deep learning theory may be like in a commercial context. It felt as if Andrew left no stone unturned, answering every question a student could have either in the video, or in the weekly quizzes. The only adjustment I'd have liked to see is Andrew spending more time elaborating on multi-task learning networks (such as how to initialize back propagation along a network which uses multi-task learning).
Liking this course is subjective. It is indeed based on the experience of others, but since experience can't always be generalized and transferred, the lectures are repetitive and bland (they are also badly edited in Week 2). On the other hand, the two "ML flight simulators" are really interesting and answering them is not obvious. It requires a lot of thinking and focus to choose correctly from apparently equivalent solutions, which might happen in real projects.
Course was very theoretical as compared to the previous 2 courses in this specialization, and maybe a programming assignment could have been included (optional) where in the student could maybe learn how to play around with distributing the train/dev/test data and calculating the errors. Personally since I like hands on stuff more, these are my two cents on what could have been better :) amazing work by the teaching team and others on the backend as always!! :D
Once again, Andrew bringin' the heat!However, I docked a star for a couple of reasons. First off, I feel like there could be a bit more material here, perhaps an example notebook with noising and illustrating avoidable bias / variance / data mismatch.Most importantly though, I strongly, strongly recommend you go through the Week 2 Quiz (Autonomous Driving) and double check it for spelling/typing errors. There are quite a few of them!
Great practical advice on actually structuring and implementing machine learning projects. However the case study approach is more useful for people already in the field and working on projects than for some of us who are not yet in the field but attempting to gain exposure and knowledge in Machine Learning. I guess the value of these case studies will be more apparent when I actually start implementing ML projects in the real world
I find this course very relevant for practitioners. Perhaps from a team/organizational point of view it is the most relevant course. I agree that the concepts presented essentially distinguish the great from the average developer team. However, some of the material is very practical and I feel that right way to learn it is by doing it. To be fair it is very difficult to reflect that in a course! Overall I think it is very useful.
Hi, This course though very useful had become a bit monotonous and at times a bit difficult to understand. There could have been better presentation giving more examples. The Quiz had really tough questions , in some cases the language is not clear. I request the course mentors to look into the same. Nevertheless, it has definitely been very useful as it highlights the practical problems faced and ways to resolve them
This Course offers simple, useful and general tips for starting a typical deep learning project. The most valuable part is on how to split datasets and how to identify possible data distribution mismatch. The tips and case studies do not always work in real application. But that is perhaps because the course is intending to be simple. This course does not require any math backgrounds and can be completed in 4 hours.
Although I see other learners saying that this is the worse of all the Deep Learning specialization courses because there are no programming assignments, I believe it was a very useful course full of practical knowledge for properly structuring ML projects. I agree, however, that video quality is worse that the other courses and there are some editing issues (some video segments repeat, blank sections, etc.)
I liked this course a lot, since it introduces transfer learning and multi-task learning and so moves you toward more powerful and realistic AI applications than the previous courses in the specialization. However, I missed the programming assignments that aided understanding so much in the previous courses. The quiz by itself was not as effective at illustrating the key concepts.
I wouldn't really consider this a "course," but the stuff he taught was great. However, Andrew could go much deeper into these topics. Some real data examples that he has come across would be even more helpful. Seeing how he codes his approaches in python would also be a very useful (and quick) batch of lectures. If he needed to extend it another week that would be understandable.
Excellent course just like the previous two. Short programming exercises would have been nice to have. Some of the answers in the quiz were too similar and this might be quite confusing for non-native English speakers and therefore can reflect more knowledge in English language rather than knowledge in related machine learning topics. I am looking forward for the next 2 courses.
Great material that's clearly based on valuable practical experience. I and found the "machine learning flight simulator" quizzes to be an educational format. However, the editing of the quiz questions (grammar, matching question types with wording in the question etc) was not flawless in September 2017. This course would benefit from another review pass from this perspective.
This course is clear, and show how a machien learning project should be driven. But there is two problem : First it is entierly theorical : no pratical exercices (so it is only 4 stars) ; second it did not speak of a big problem : How make your boss understand that if you use the "test" set too mush, it become another "developpement" set -> without using sciences words...
Overall, a great course for designing deep learning projects, which gives a lot of insights and tips that typically not taught at university classes. However, there does exist some minor problems related to video editing and quiz problems. I suggest the lecturer or staff of the course put more efforts in dealing with them (and maybe attend more to the discussion forums).
This course gives an overview on how to address common problems faced during machine learning projects. Although these experiences can prove valuable, for average people that may not be actively involved in machine learning, the information may sound like "common sense". The course may benefit with a more abundant set of real-world practice scenarios for analysis.
This course was totally different from the previous two courses. It was focused more on the theoretical aspects of how to approach and build ML projects, difficulties that ML engineers can face and how to avoid them. The content of this course could have been more interesting if more real world problems were included and if there were some programming exercises.
A very nice course to teach how to start a data science project, how to evaluate it, how to select path ahead improving the model, what all to be taken in consideration before training or while training or after training.Some more case studies could be added since the course is smaller in length and case studies are helping a lot in making understanding clear.
Again, great course. Congratulations. This time, i've missed some programming assignments, although the case studies was very instructive of the practice, some programming experiments with transfer learning will be great. Nevertheless, the course has extremely valuable knowledge to those, like myself, that want to practice in real problems and corporate world.
Actually adds some insights I hadn't learned (or at least I was guessing but it's always nice to have a double check) after 4 years as a data scientist.Also, some of those insights are very specific to neural networks projects, so doesn't matter how many years have you been working if you've never made deep learning projects this will help you nevertheless.
This two-week course gave very important concepts. However, there's no programming assignments and lectures are lengthy. It felt a little "boring" for a hand-on guy like me. That being said, one should not skip these important lessons if he/she wants to take charge of ML projects one day instead being a programmer who only takes orders from others for life.
This course gave a lot of practical advice and is excellent material to combine with the more programming-focussed lectures of the deeplearning.ai series. Small points of criticism are that I thought some videos could have been a bit shorter/less repetitive and there were quite a few language mistakes in the quizzes (missing words and grammatical errors)
Course 3 of the Deep Learning Specialization. There is no coding in this one but longer quizzes which require you to fully understand the concepts and recommendations given in the course. It's all about ML project strategy and how to manage you results and errors. Quite interesting and important for the general understanding of a Deep Learning project.
I liked this course overall and found it to be very informative. I, personally, was a little thrown by the eclectic nature of the course's materials. Sometimes it seemed as if the material covered in each week was only loosely related, or was thematically similar for part of the week, but then the last few videos were on something else entirely.
It is too much of theory, with significant repetition from machine learning course and within Deep Learning course 1 and course 2. It would have been lot of help if we had programming exercise on transfer learning, data synthesis and multi task learning to get a hang on practical experience, similar to first 2 courses of Deep Learning!
thank you for to teach how to research and it will be of great help to real researchers.All theories have been a pity not try because I did not get a lot of the actual study. I think it will be a great help for future research opportunities.It is very difficult to study because it is not practical. but in future it will very helpful.
Although purely conceptual, the course really gives good advice on how to come up with a work flow to react to errors due to data, and the metrics that can be used as reference. I just wish there was an assignment where you could see a NN working with mismatched data and how it reacts to some of the improvements that were mentioned.
Course contents are great as it talks about how to improve performance by giving real world example. This is one of the most crucial pieces in any model building task, but still is less focused in traditional courses. Andrew Ng's team has dedicated a full course on this aspect, which I believe will do the learners a huge benefit!
The quizzes were a little annoying to get through, as it is not much about deduction or reasoning, instead it's about learning the advice or rules mentioned in the videos. I think an actual implementation of a learning project and applying the error analysis, transfer learning, etc, would be more beneficial for the student.
Gave me a broader and more strategic perspective  on how to structure and run a Machine Learning project.I just felt this course came too early in the learning process. It would have far more relevant and useful had it been a more downstream course.This does not take away from the fact that the content is very relevant
This was a good course because it "kind of" prepares us to real world projects and we think about what to do when different problems arise. I would also really like if this course included a section on how to create datasets from images, sounds etc. and prepares us for the "boring" parts of machine learning as well.
Was extremely helping in providing ideas on how to start and work on machine learning projects. Provided clear and well thought out ideas on how to make the most use of time and data. A small improvement can be made to the course by dividing some of the contents of the course to another week for better structuring.
Course is great. All concepts are explained very meticulously. Lots of respect for Andrew NG. Just a small suggest please don't give more examples on cat classification. Autonomous driving case study was good, speech recognition examples are good. Please give more realistic examples, that can be used in interviews.
Great explanation on how to structure your machine learning projects like distributing data among train & dev/test set then what to do for each type of errors to continues to transfer learning, Multi task learning, End-to-End Deep learning. It has been a fantastic journey learning about these  different techniques.
There were definitely useful pieces of information in here, but I think it could have been condensed and delivered as part of the previous course. I liked the flight simulator quiz approach. Sometimes the wording of the questions was tricky and that may be causing people to get stuck even if they know the material.
-You should edit better some videos, in some parts Andrew repeated what he said, or there were long silences, or also what he was writing wasn't in tune with what he was saying.-I'm not sure if the topics covered here justify a whole course. Maybe the insights shared here could have been inside some other lecture.
The flight simulators' results were not consistent with the advice provided in the lectures. I'd suggest being either less black and white in the simulators' answer responses, or, being more polarised (more black and white) in the advice provided in the lectures.  Otherwise, this is a 5 star course. Many thanks!
I liked the course but it contained quite a few glitches which could be easily removed to improve the overall experience. E.g., once Prof. Ng makes a long pause and says "test". Sometimes the same ending is placed twice or in the final "Heros of Deeplearning" video Prof. Ng seems to ask the same question twice.
this course is pretty different from other courses in this specialization. It gives high-level knowledge of machine learning instead of implementation details. The course content is useful but it seems a little boring to me because I can't do any fancy, real machine learning projects as exercises in this course
The quizzes were actually a great idea. The content is definitely useful, as I've had similar difficulties in my company. I felt the videos took much more time than they should, though. A lot of the content could have been resumed in shorter videos. It was the first time I actually had to accelerate the speed.
Good materials.This course was really short though. It seems to be a bit artificial to make a "specialization" out of these courses, where they could easily also fit into 1 longer course. Fortunately the dates you can start the courses are flexible enough that you don't need to wait (too long) between courses.
Good course to get started with Machine Learning, the introduction video could have used simpler languages though as many of the jargon might not be familiar to newbies (therefore scare us off!!) and they are really not necessary prerequisites to the course. I enjoyed the quizzes as they are real and useful.
Very interesting material covered - not too many courses have this kind of information.A little too short and very no practical assignments (only quizes). It would be very useful (although I agree quite time consuming to prepare) to have some programming assignments that deal with the topics in the curse.
Good general introduction to analyzing errors and avoiding common mistakes in machine learning projects and some info on transfer learning and multitask learning. Could've used references for further reading. It should emphasize exploratory data analysis and an ethics review as the start of any project.
4 stars for a very good course that should be improved.  Course is still good, but it is not as polished as the first courses in this series.  I rated those with 4 stars, too.  There are mistakes in the quiz names, grammatical errors in quiz questions, etc.  Never-the-less, it is the best of its kind.
Interesting insights.The insights could be visually structured a bit better so that I can also check them after the course as a reminder.Often recommendations like if then could be put in processes or cheat sheetsoverall: very valuable course regarding the insights and encouraging style of Andrew Ng
Well structured course, Andrew always never lets down your expectation, the explanations were very clean with the best appropriate examples to suit the explanation. Being more of theoretical, the task of giving us the correct intuition is really well handled by the way the lectures are structured.
Instead of clearly and concisely formulating some of the ideas (like F1 formula for the metric), they are discussed as if they were hard to understand. This makes the understanding harder and is rather annoying. The assignments are useful - they make sure you understood the material the material.
This was a good intuition course. I learned a lot and loved the content. However, I am afraid the information here needs to be repeated many times to make it a habit (as part of programming exercises). That's why I am giving it a 4-star. I feel like this could have been part of the last course.
Great overall. However, a major thing that is missing is the different between val set and dev set, and about the recent trend to perform K-Fold CV on the training set to get the val set. Maybe still need a separate dev set because of the different distribution if it comes a separate soure?
Wish there were more projects / assignments to exercise concepts taught. Like in the first 2 courses of the specialization.Maybe even blending videos with a broader Jupyter notebook would be better. The videos are great, but paired with practical application its much more likely to stick.
-This course have two quizzes and no programming assignment.-This course gives a very good advice on how we can improve Algorithm performance.-Best way to split data into Train/dev/test.-Quizzes statement can be made more precise and clear but stil the scenario in the quiz was good.
Very good course, but in contrast to the other courses the practical exercises are missing. I would like to see some transfer learning and (non-)end-to-end learning approaches, where the student has to examine how bad/good end-to-end performs in contrast to a multi-step approaches.
The content of this course is quite unique. Thus it makes it much more interesting and important.Thank's a lot for this tips!However it would be nicer if there is some videos practical assignments about tech aspects of implementations of "transfer learning" and "multitask learning"
A very nuanced course, which I see myself coming back to, gaining more insight and appreciation for it over time. Some of the quiz questions where quite difficult to answer as they were open to interpretation. I think Prof. Ng went the extra mile in putting this material together.
I got the same feedback for many of my colleagues that this course is not that important and I should start with course #4 instead, but I am glad I didn't there is a lot of insights and experiences in this course that I think it would take anyone many years to conclude by himself.
That's a great course to learn some practicalities of deep learning/transfer learning and multitask learning, and when to use different strategies for structuring a project. In my opinion, the course could do with a hands-on programming exercise to help consolidate the learnings.
Sometimes its become bored who has not any experienced into working on real life ML project because without facing problem you can not understand problem in better way so i recommend  course instructure to make this course with little more practical way so that it easy to digest.
The lack of progamming assignments hurts what could have been one of the best courses of the specialization, especially in solidifying the advices and ideas seen here. Nevertheless this course still provides valuable informations, and it's one i'll come back to later for sure.
A bit slow going and repetitive (and some simple video editing to remove double sections would improve things). Nevertheless I'm amazed how much I learned or consolidated is just a few evenings of watching these videos. Thanks again! Looking forward to course 4 in this series.
Thorough and practical guidelines to structure and analyze issues with machine learning projects. Distilled learning presented from a lot of project experience. It would be hard to gain such knowledge without having gone through a number of projects. Accelerates your learning.
It was a very informative course. I learnt about different metrics that are used for measuring the success of deep learning models . I learnt about the different approaches like transfer learning, multi task learning etc. The assignments were very challenging and interesting.
Machine learning simulator assignments were great, wish we could have more of them both in this course as well as in the other courses in the specialization. Additionally, I would have loved programming assignments that reinforced these largely workflow-related concepts.
Useful knowledge regarding the efficient practices in the application of machine learning. Mentors doesn't seem as responsive though, compared to the other courses of the specialization. Quizzes were helpful, but needs more justification for some of the correct answers.
The course showed the experiences while dealing with machine learning projects but could have been better if the experience would have been shared through practical exercises rather than objective case study.It would be better if there were programming exercise as well.
I have a feeling that this third course is not yet fully edited. I see some black screens, and sometimes the clips have Andrew speak faster than usual. Nonetheless, the various tips and appropriate actions to take when doing a machine learning project were very useful.
Good explanation for the initial steps of organizing the ML project and the direction to approach the problem accounted for. The quiz was interesting but as it is the same set of questions for any next attempt, I would not say I have mastered the course completely.
Only 2 weeks, good concepts to know.  But videos are not "final release" they are not well edited. Some time Andrew repeat the same sentence 2x but they forgot to cut it.No programming assignment.  Although quiz format is fun and you really learn by doing the quiz.
This was a slightly more theoretical course than the first 3 in the Deep Learning specialization and, even thought I enjoyed it, I think the info would stick better if there would have been a programming assignment too (or some other type fo practical application).
Nice and concrete examples of what to think of and focus on when trying to improve your machine learning projects. Not as engaging tasks to complete as in the previous courses in this specialisation, however a good change of scenary if you have been doing these.
Great material, but it's not quite easy to understand it from scratch, if you didn't have such problems yourself (i.e if you have no experience in deep NN training). I've stored this material and going to revisit it after I gain more experience in training NNs.
Great course, however the quiz of week 2 had some ambigious phrasings and I think at least one example (the one with the data synthesis of foggy images) is contradictive of what was taught in the video lessons. Other than that, really good content and teaching!
A lot of concepts were put forward and taught well. If there was a programming assignment as well to back up the concepts that were taught like multi-task learning, how to deal with data mismatch, dividing the total data into train\train-dev\dev\test data etc.
I feel there is a glitch because even after completing the videos, it is not shown as completed and I had to replay them multiple times. Also there is a glitch in the assignment, because the correct answer in one attempt is shown as incorrect in the next try
Great and easy-to-follow introduction to structuring machine learning projects and focusing on what to tune on neural networks. One star left out because the content has not been polished, but there are minor errors here and there with separate corrections.
The course seems a little less concrete than the others in this specialisation. But nevertheless, still a useful building block in anyone's deep learning repertoire. And note it will probably take less time to complete than the others, so plan accordingly.
It would be nice if there are hands on assignment or small projects on fine-tuning with existing weight you can found in the internet or multi-task learning project. Overall, it's a great course with many useful technique to try in the real world projects.
The course was really great, but a little part of the content was repeated from previous courses of the specialization. Also there should be more quizzes or exercises to master the large amount of practical advices for managing machine learning projects.
I liked this course, but not as much as the others. It is however setting the foundation for the remainder of the course material. It carries with it wisdom, which I think will make more sense at a later point when confronted with real life challenges
This is the course that really confirms Andrew Ng's grasp on the practically application of AI and ML. As long as you pay attention to what is said, you will get a lot from this course. I wish there was an edited collection of notes for this course
Very useful part of the course set. Would like it to be slightly longer with more examples of TensorFlow and Keras. I felt that I put to much effort of trying to understand Keras in course number 5 instead of learning the principles and algorithms.
I like the "flight simulator" quizzes a lot and other courses might benefit from a similar assessment (in addition to regular quizzes and programming exercises), but I do think this course would benefit from some programming exercises too. Thanks!
I enjoyed the course content a lot, but noticed a lot of errors in test materials and test sections that didn't seem to make sense. For example, there were references to a flight simulator in quizzes that actually never appeared in any questions
I wish it could have had some coding practices and more mathematical insights. For instance, more insights on the different metrics (precision, recall, f-measure) and having some coding practices to get better sense of it on real world examples!
Very useful and practical information. Some of the videos had sound issues and minor editing glitches. I wish there had been more hands-on assignments. The few that were supplied were good but I think one more, less guided example would be good.
Comparing other courses before, it focus more on structing deep learning program and evaluate properly. However, the content in this week is really boring. In my opinion, it is better to imptove the course by teaching more implementation codes.
Some questions in week 2 test are ambiguous and the last videos have edition errors. But overall strategies for guiding projects are very useful. It's a great course about practical aspects of Deep Learning  you'll probably not find anywhere.
I have previously worked on DL project and its performance was not good in real-world data, I wasn't able to draw any reason for it. This course taught me how to deal with such kind of problem and how one can approach the possible solution.
Was a good course with a lot of useful tips that I am sure I am able to use in my job as a data scientist. However, I would've liked if there were a few more hands-on examples (e.g. using jupyter) to really drives these concepts more home.
The course could have been much shorter than it is because Andrew seems to be repeating his simple ideas a lot in the lectures. However, each simple advice seems important for practical purposes (I am willing to take Andrew's word for it).
It might be not that trivial. But some hand-on experience with some code might be good here as well. As many practice as possible would be beneficial to the learners, coupled with great explanations from Andrew that are already in place.
I think the quizzes should be considerably longer, to include more scenarios, and also have fewer questions that rest on technicalities (where some of the answers are almost correct except they misuse a term or give a wrong description).
While the simulation is unique and very useful feature of this specialization.  I believe examples with data would add to the leaning experience by allowing a student to actually run the scenarios and experience the qualitative changes.
This course is at all an important part during the learning journey. The only reason why I not rate full 5 stars that the recommendation ramen little bit on high level and do not address typical frame conditions in real world projects.
Lots of practical stuff about training models. But you should try building a few models before doing the course. Otherwise, you may not fully appreciate how much time can be wasted unless you use Andrew's clear and logical approaches.
Lots of interesting and useful idea. Unfortunately the editing is poor and Professor Andrew Ng has gone a little bit repetitive in his talking in this course only. The two previous courses were great but this one is kind of dragging.
I am a big fan of the jupyter notebook assignments. I can understand that it could be hard to build python assignments for this course, but not impossible I think (maybe around error analysis, impact of artificial data synthesis...)
The content of the course lecture is great. The teaching is great. One problem is the quality of subtitles. The black background does not allow to see what is shown behind. It would be better if the background would be transparent.
Great material! Some of the videos went a bit long, and I think the point could have been made in much less time. However, overall this series has been great and I still got some very valuable info out of this course, so I'm happy.
The course was very well structured and Andrews explanations was wonderful as usual.  The only thing I was missing was more practical hands-on in the form of a programming exercise or two to really demonstrates the different ideas.
This course give a lot of useful practical advices on training a machine learning/deep learning models. However, some of the advices are rather subjective and experience based, and some of the homework answers are quite debatable.
this course provided very interesting insight into missing , incorrectly classified labels and also how existing models can influence the training of a new model which is on similar lines as the task the existing models performed
Looking at practical examples is an enormous help and some concepts i learned here will undoubtedly be useful in the future, i just think there should be more of it. It's just really short both in duration as well as content
It was really good to know how to structure and tune the nn so as to achieve a better model. But, I felt that it had too much theory in it that is hard to remember every time a model is to be designed. Overall, it was good.
One of the quick and great course for individual and team for understanding how to handle and structure the machine learning project. how to improve accuracy and handle error such a wonderful course made by deeplearning.ai
I rate the course high. Unfortunately many of questions (posed in the forum) have not been answered. Her are some suggestions:Have quiz after every lecture. That will firm up the concepts.Give lesser help in assignments.
Gives a sense about improving the performance of Deep Neural Networks, with error/bias/variance/data mismatch analysis. However, there is a lack of hands-on exercises, not having a programming assignment, only quizzes.
Lots of useful tips and tricks in this course. I feel that the videos could have been a bit shorter, and it would have been nice to have some programming assignments. Overall the course was extremely useful, however.
A pleasant diversion into practical considerations of project design.  However the lack of programming assignments and the somewhat vague and fiddly quizzes make this a less satisfying course than it could have been.
This was a good overview of the concepts I have already learned.  It was a good refresher on progress and changes in training best practices.  There are a few flawed questions in both quizzes that need to be fixed.
from my perspective, maybe, it would be better if this course is the end course of the specialization. the contents are greate. I would like to suggest others to put this course in the end of  the specialization.
Very interesting, but too short. The aim of the course is to provide a good overview of the different situations occuring in a project, but there is more questions arising. Experience will come with training.
nice to follow, but I would have liked it there would have been more variance. e.g. quizzes breaking the videos. I'm basically comparing this experiment with the other courses made by Andrew/deeplearning.ai
A useful few hours of videos. I found the questions quite useful, but overall feel this project would have been better off being spread across other weeks, as it doesnt work so well as a stand-alone course.
Very practical. programing assignment using the concepts would help to solidify the concepts. I would really appreciate programming assignments on Transfer learning since a lot of industries practices it.
Clear course, it would have been helpful to add notebooks to the course to have a more realistic feeling of the problems. This would make it also more clear how the dev set influences the training phase.
The course appraises the reader of the various tricks that are needed to design nice machine learning projects. One minor suggestion would be to have some programming assignments for this course as well!
Great material but a few glitches in the videos that need editing out. I'm sure the people responsible will put it right soon though; the course hasn't been out long. Part of an excellent specialisation.
Overall the course was good, but lacked some minor information needed for the quizzes. The quizzes also included some questions that felt like they were meant to trick us rather than test our knowledge.
I didn't find this course as useful as the previous two. I'd still recommend the course because some interesting concepts are covered. The materials seem more intuitive. The quizzes are good practices!
The course is very teaching in my uneducated opinion and will help m later in life, hopefully.I wish the test question had been more coherent.I enjoyed learning it, and the simulator is a great idea!
Course is great although only in one case we have pdf's with additional lecture notes. They are more useful than ppt slides therefore it would be desirable to have them in other parts of the course
The course is perfect. But it would have been better if some ways implementation was also introduced to us. But overall Andrew is really helpful to make us visualize and understand new strategies.
In this section, only strategies discussed and no programming practice. So I don't think I really understand those tricks. Maybe when I enroll in real projects, those magic will show their powers.
Very good lessons to teach the principle of how to set up a machine learning project. Lots of tricks are taught, but still hoping there could be some practical assignment to enhance the knowledge.
Videos could be shorter and better edited. Supporting materials could be better. Homework assignments were tedious and included rather confusing (and borderline tricky) questions and alternatives.
It is a useful Content to keep in mind. Not as practical as other contents in the Specialisation. But, as Andrew Ng pointed out, it is a topic many times overlooked and I'm glad it was discussed.
The course is the best available on the online education platforms so far. An excellent instructor and really engaging assignments. You get it all but it lacks availability or reading materials.
Lot of things to intake , Error analysis seemed more difficult to me compared to Bias/Variance Analysis. I think lot of practice is required to really remember and apply in real world problems.
There are some answers on the "flight simulator" that are ambiguously worded, and one that seems to flat-out contradict what Prof. Ng said in lecture.  Search the discussion forums for "foggy".
Loved the course, and the simulation was great. Doing an actual transfer learning programming exercise in TensorFlow could be an awesome addition. Best & thanks again for an awesome course!Eric
Basic but super relevant and well structure! Things we may all know, but forget to think about... I highly recommand. The only reason why I did not give 5 stars is that it's sometime repetitive
Course was really interresting with lot of insights. I would have maybe put even more examples/cases and added more quizz to get more practical training if we apply the pilot training analogy.
It's a little bit difficult to understand some concepts, even thought with examples. So it would be nice if there are some programming in the course. That will help to understand the process.
Andrew Ng was great. Mu only complaint for this course is was it was a bit slow paced as per my liking and could have more hands on practice for that part. Otherwise, This course was Awesome
Great class. Homeworks don't encourage independent thought. It would be nice if the material would spell out the problems that need to be solved more clearly, before describing the solution.
That is a good course that teaches you many useful tricks in machine learning. However, some mistakes in quiz make me feel puzzled.  In general, it is a good course that you should not miss.
Very good course with important topics. The Quiz 2 should be reviewed because has some inconsistencyies has mentioned in the forums. Some more pratical assignment would be also appreciated.
I was a little disappointed that this course didn't have any programming exercises. That being said, I really like how the quizzes make you think of a real world application. Great stuff!
Very good advice that is hard to find anywhere else. The quizes however have some ambiguous cases which are borderline wrong. At least they should be explained better after the completion
Interesting opinions on what strategy to take to drive ML projects forward. Here and there you must weigh in with some "numbers" that suit you/your team but it's informative, nonetheless.
The course appears to be in development and could be strengthened with programming assignments that take you through an actual mock project. Otherwise, the current content is enjoyable.
Not so much different with the materials in the Machine Learning 
course from Prof. Andrew Ng itself. If you don't have the time to finish
 the ML course, then you should take this one.
A good approach to ML strategy. However, having a programming assignment to better explore results from tweaking models based on the strategies discussed in the course would be great.
Developing intuition on how to structure projects in deep learning is essential to becoming effective and productive.  This course is a good start for gaining that experience quickly.
Valuable information that is well-organized and clearly delivered.  Would benefit from a larger number of shorter exercises each week to cement learning after each group of lectures.
This is a great course with excellent contents and guidelines !Point for improvement:Please add a programming assignment in python and the questions appearing during the lecture....
This course provided an empirical approach in tackling hurdles in solving most common issues faced by data scientist in solving Machine learning problem in a very simplified manner.
I really appreciate learning about the high level strategies for designing machine learning projects.  I only wish there were  some programming exercises to put it into practice.
Based on my own experience and comments on the discussion forums, I get the impression that the quizzes have a couple of errors in them that makes it impossible to achieve 100%.
This course is less pratical and theoretical. I don't mean it is not helpful to me. I think  this course might be helpful as guideline when I hand on the real project in future
very good course, but I felt like it was lacking one more week of course to get deeper knowledge about how to really get data sets and how to set them up for real applications.
you may think because the course is shorter will be much easier but the videos has a lot of information to process. I am excited to tried this techniques on real applications!
A good course. Provided general high level thinking and reasoning for quick problem solving, data management, multi-tasking, transfer learning, and error reduction techniques.
Not as exciting as the previous courses, but informative nonetheless. A section for handling imbalanced or skewed datasets would be useful, especially for multi-task learning.
Not as deep into details as the two first courses in the specialisation, but nevertheless I learnt a lot of techniques that I hope will be feasible when I work on AI projects.
Excellent lectures and notes as always.  Great insights and clearly explained. I think we could have used a programming exercise on transfer learning at least in this section.
More coding exercises could be included with much more mathematics background explained. Videos could be made a little shorter. There is redundancy in the some of the videos.
Good overview of how to structure ML projects with great practical advice.  I wish the course had includes a programming lab to help us try out and practice some of the ideas
Good content. The tips and tricks a experienced AI practitioner has was shared. But at least one programing exercise applying all the concepts learnt, would have been great.
In the first quiz, the comments about why an answer is correct are too simple. On the contrary, in the second quiz, the comments are really good and give us better feedback.
I feel more Examples should be given regarding the variable and bais tuning, also Error analysis videos should be a bit in-depth. Everything else is as good as it can get :)
The simulations were very good to build a good intuition about setting up a machine learning project.But I regret that we didn't have coding exercises. 4 stars for this one.
Helps clearly in understanding practical aspects of deep learning. An additional week, highlighting the aspects of productionizing a deep learning project would have helped
Since I myself am working on a few projects, the concepts here are somewhat useful in error reduction. Especially when the models are used to automate medical applications
A unique course to understand the process of establishing a ML project. But lacks tools information and a more structured definition of the process. A bit too theoretical.
Thanks for the practical tips and insights from real projects. Your pool of heroes of deep learning is very skewed. If the field is so skewed, then it's a bigger problem.
Good course for the ones who already started developing ML systems. This will help us in improving the ML systems and identify what can be done for which kind of problems
Most of the material was quite useful, but some was, perhaps, too obvious. Also, some things were discussed too thoroughly, and, in my opinion, that was a waste of time.
Would be great to obtain more concrete information.For example, instead of "requires much more training data" to obtain "requires ~1'000'000 samples instead of ~100'000"
Excellent content overall. However, reiterates some of the knowledge already presented in the two previous courses of the specialization. Lacks programming assignments.
I wish there was more examples, visualization and depiction of work with referral to papers or experiment here. or perhaps a bit of project management, data management.
Enjoyable, but felt a little less challenging and more hastily assembled. Regardless, the material is valuable and as always, a pleasure to be instructed by Andrew Ng.
The course material is relevant and useful, however, I agree with other reviewers that these 2 weeks should rather be a 1-2 weeks addition to one of the other courses.
Quick course. Worth taking because gives some practical guidance on what avenues to pursue when finding a optimal model (which takes into account human time required)
The first week is too long with repetitive materials. The second week is very interesting. However, I wish the course was designed such that it required  some coding.
Great course, great professor .. the only issue is that I feel sleepy every time I watch the videos :), it's some how single tone. Also the audio could be improved.
It is always important to learn above the problem-solving methods and tools. This course teaches the complete diagnosis methodologies for Machine Learning problems
Overall, very informative, however I think the content of this course could be divided between the first and the second course.More assignments would've been nice.
Lots of practical advice and ideas on how to work on actual projects and things to look out for. Great stuff. Wish it had a few programming exercises or a project.
Useful introduction to meta-level principles of machine learning process management, but not quite as groundbreaking or well-instructed as the previous two courses
A real time project or programming assignment could improve our confidence level.All of these courses if it had readable material along with video, it'd be great.
Hope to have coding practices for the second week's materials.Anyway, the current course is already very helpful. Thanks to Andrew and all staff behind the scene!
Content is good, but a bit thin... This course makes sense as part of the deep learning specialisation, even if this is a bit too short to be a course of its own.
A bit less interesting than the others I think. To me the whole first week was full of obvious stuff. The second week, however, was very interesting and helpful.
There was lot of theory and probably not one of my strengths. However the content is very useful for bringing some structure to machine learning problem solving.
This course could have just been an extra week or two of course 2. It doesn't have the depth of the others, although it is very practical and I like the content
Good advice on how to work on a machine learning project from the ground up. Tho most of the material is already covered in Ng's Machine Learning Yearning book.
Nice to see a course on machine learning about the 'other stuff' around machine learning. However, links didn't work half the time and it was a bit unpolished.
Some of the lectures feel quite lengthy and repeat stuff. It seems to be easily possible to condense into one week which could be added to the previous course.
a lot of topics are covered in machine learning course, but this has an upgrade to input from previous course due to changes has happened in AI in last years.
Valuable tips to apply in machine learning projects. I'd like to have some programming assignment that gives opportunity to practice some of those techniques.
Advanced course, as always well done :DAnyway, something for me strange is that there are only quitz but not exercices in Python/Tensor Flow... This is a pity
I loved the lessons, they are very practical. The only thing that I think could be improved are some of the quizz questions are worded in a bit ambiguous way.
It's an useful course to give me how to analyze error and give me 
some advice how to apply transfer learning and multitask learning. Thank
 for your course.
I felt that this course was too slow for my liking. While I agree this helps a lot, But I watched all the videos at 1.25x the speed so that I dont get bored
It doesn't have coding but it teaches thing that will really help in real projects when we will need to decide best approach based on multiple data points.
The courses of this two weeks make me confused because i have't built a machine learning systems fully by myself yet , so i found those classes boring.0.0
Not as helpful or practical as earlier lessons, but nonetheless important high-level advice. Perhaps there was a better way to test knowledge than a quiz?
Great course, like andrew said this course will make u more strategic toward machine learning projects and problem, and i would say mission accomplished!
It would have been nicer to get more hands on with this one rather than just watching videos and taking quizes, but otherwise the content was excellent!
i recommend to go to this course after finishing all the other courses in this specialization .Another great one from Andrew.Thank you very much Andrew!
Still a great course, but compared to the pervious two, this seems to be a bit less useful and practical and there are a few mistakes with cutting, etc.
the worst thing about the course (which ain't even that bad) is that some things got a little repetitive but overall a really good opportunity to learn
It is a very helpful and good course to guide towards structuring a machine learning model. The better part of this course is case-study based quizzes.
It may be useful in the future, but since I don't have any large project experience in the real world, I feel a little boring while taking this course.
Some content was a bit superficial. Many concepts regarding approach to machine learning projects were useful. Found the "flight simulators" were not s
Quite a lot useful information for structuring deep learning projects, but also quite some errors in the course contents. Hope them will be fixed soon.
Overall a nice approach to understand how to tune the learning algorithms. There are some production/editing issues in the videos that are distracting.
Lot of info. A bit more practical programming approach to these issues would've been helpful but great way to put convey that information nonetheless!
excellent practical and insightful strategies from years of andrew's experience, i wish there were more hands on labs to practice some of the concepts
This course is a must-do, this course gives you the necessary confidence to go ahead and actually start building your own application and work on it!
The content is well worth going through. While the "flight simulator" approach was certainly beneficial, I wish there had been programming exercises.
The course is good, as I would expect of Andrew, however, I feel like the standards of editing the videos has fallen quite a bit since the ML course.
this course was a little boring, but it covers all the necessary concepts about the error analysis and strategies to be followed in machine learning
The course has given me insight about the handling of ML projects. But it would be great if there was some CODING and specific algorithm involved.
Good course! Focusing on strategies on how to start well and manage a DL project.But very vague! Hoped to have more thery & a usecase on the topic
I had some problems answering some questions correctly since there was no specific emphasis in the lectures and I was somehow unsure how to reply.
It has nice discussions on the practical aspects of Deep Learning projects, but I wish it had more Math, and it had more programming assignments.
This course was relatively short, and the quality of the materials (lecture videos, quiz text) was somewhat poorer than in the previous courses.
Good practical advice.  I would have added something about agile development and possibly practical advice on NN architectures (depth and size).
Excellent content but the quizzes are badly done, many questions have several reasonable answers and very little feedback if we 'get it wrong'
The course would have been more interesting if we had some programming assignments. Hands on experience into some of these cases really help.
Unique course in the sense that teaches important topics that are rarely seen in the literature and are fundamental in designing AI projects.
Had some pretty great info for junior Project Managers, for some reason, it's also hiding some extremely important info about end-to-end DL.
Some of the videos weren't of good quality. Also, I was expecting doing a real project not to make decisions based on different scenarios.
Good course overall, would have liked to have the in-depth programming assignments though, those really made the other courses stand out.
Learned various ways to structure ML projects in industry.It would have been great to have few programming assignments included as well.
Some tips are very useful for practitioners but the same information is repeated over and over again that makes the course quite boring.
A small course with very effective tips and tricks to figure out how to start and proceed further while building a project effectively.
I think this lecture is very useful when we make our own ML system.Also, it has many examples about errors we can usually meet in real.
Useful, practical material. I probably underappreciate the importance of someone (especially of Dr. Ng's stature) covering this for us.
Very practical lessons in this module that should make you and your team more efficient in implementing deep learning on real problems.
another great Andrew Ng course.  This one gives practical insights in how to go about making your deep neural networks perform better.
I really found the pilot training quizzes are great and very helpful, but some questions one can debate if has the right answer or not
Quizzes could be refined since some of the questions are really confusing & need weird pre-requisite knowledge about human physiology.
It was an interesting course for sure, but it was a bit stretched and the notions explained could be compressed in a much shorter one.
I appreciate the review and hints on structuring ML projects.  Just seemed a little lacking on the meat and potatoes of real practice.
Now I know what is Machine learning and its parts eg deep learning. The curse cleared the basic structure for machine learning to me.
Interesting to understand how to manage a problem during a ML project, really good trick and tip! Thanks Andrew and deep learning.ai!
It would be more useful to give explanation why an answer is correct and others are wrong, such details enhance our learning so much.
Machine Learning Simulator & course contents well prepares you to how a machine learning project should be structured and approached
Probably the least exciting of the five. This is a short course on how to approach machine learning projects, as the title suggests.
I thought this course was great content wise, but needs to improve on the errata in the content (repeated video sections), and quiz.
I think it should be useful but since I haven't got many practical experience, the course seems a little bit hard to catch up with.
I think a little bit more programming homework can help me better understand the concepts, but other than that everything is good.
It's a good course to gain an initial understanding on the role that different real-world considerations play in Deep Learning NN.
Good course, covering interesting topics.  Seemed too easy without enough content to make you feel like you mastered the subjects.
The course was very helpful. But I found some concepts to be repetitive. But it helped me to understand how to tackle the errors.
Very good insight on how to  approach machine learning projects and the kind of things to look out for and tackle as they appear.
It gives guidance on how not to waste your team's time - quite valuable. There are some slight inclarities in the test questions.
This course helped me understand the basic ideas behind deep learning and how to close the understanding of the previous courses.
No programming exercises in this course....Programming exercises helps to fix what we've learn. Overall, very good course though
Nice "flight simulator" approach, taking students to advanced strategic decision-making directly, bypassing years of experience.
I wish there were more simulations (quizs) since this course aims at improving project structuring. 2 quizs are just not enough!
Rather less coding in this course. However, if you are about to embark in ML project, the advice you will get here is valuable.
More examples other than speech recognition and self driving car would have been useful. Multitask learning was not very clear.
This course is mainly about the concepts. But it makes me know why and when I can use pre-trained models and transfer learning.
This course is absolutely for who is coming out to structure the projects and research the tuning the Machine learning models.
Learnt a lot about machine learning. One of the finest collection of all the information related to machine learning concepts.
The content is great, but the there are some HW questions that should be reviewed and the wording of which should be improved.
I brief look at the project management aspects of deep learning.  More flight simulators (case studies) would be very helpful.
Simple and yet a great course! Exposes us to a very well explained and justified set of guidelines on how to improve learning.
The videos are fast forwarded which causes problem while understanding difficult portions of the course please slow it down .
A bit light and repetitive. Could be cut down to 1 week. Would be nice to see some template code for good ML pipeline setups.
Terrific material as always. This stuff also felt very real-world actionable. But no coding learning, which I was hoping for.
This course offers a basic way of thinking to approach Machine Learning Projects. Need more intuition for advanced projects
Still great, but not quite as substantive as the first 2 courses. Enjoyed the flight simulators though, do more of that :-)
I really enjoyed the course, but I think some of the responses from the mentors in the discussion forum leave some doubts.
It is a very interesting course. I just regret that no documentation can be download to use it as reference in the future.
The missing of practical exercises I think is a real disadvantage.  Is always better to learn by practice than by theory.
Would be nicer if there are coding assignment that can guide us through some of the applications mentioned in the lecture
Good and useful content. The staff should read the forum's errata section and make a bunch of fixes to the course though.
Excellent course material would have been icing on the top if there were some course exercises like previous two courses.
I think some videos materials related to deep learning practice(programming assignment seems costly) will be more helpful
an interesting short course on some of the things to be careful of when carrying out/planning a machine learning project
Pretty quick and easy course, but there does seem to be some good content in there. Almost no technical content, though.
No coding exercises; only quizzes which lean slightly on trivia rather than core ideas. Nonetheless, a very good course!
Maybe a week with an actual applied transfer learning assignment would be useful? (In addition to the existing material)
The course is a bit too theoretical. Programming HW supporting iteration, error analysis will greatly help this course!
Nice course, it helps me more understand on structure of project and give some technique to plan project more effective
Batch Norm, Multi-task learning and transfer learning exercises were missing.Flight simulator exercise was also missing
It was an amazing course that helped me better understand the practical organization and application of AI/ML projects
A very good course. In my opinion, I would have like to have more practical examples or more tests to prove yourself.
Good course and I was able to grasp some tactical and crucial factors governing the working of Deep Learning Models.
Slightly boring, but from an importance standpoint, this course covers a lot of concepts which help in the long run.
The content of the course is unique, but I think sometimes is not totally clear how to apply some concepts and when.
This course is good and give you skill of error analysis, as well as how to handle data from different distribution.
I appreciated the insight brought here from the real life projects, though the quizzes/assignments need more honing
Amazing course with an amazing mentor. He is now becoming one of my favorite mentors. Thank you so much Andrew Ng.
Some mistakes in the audio. Test questions from week 1, seemed like some of them came from the material in week 2?
this course is really helpful for an enthusiastic deep learning student.it will help one to design a good model.
First 2 courses are brilliant. This contains sometimes to detailed explanation. Any case very useful. Thank you.
There is no coding involved in this course but rather gives us insight into the decision making of deep learning
Provide good strategies for building machine learning applications. Team leaders or managers may find it useful.
More of the theory concept compared to practicals. But the course has many insights how to perform several task
Loved the quizes, but few suggestions, more pop-up quizes after every lecture and more programming assignments.
Course providing a different and complementary perspective with respect to other similar training.Well  done !
Very good course, fundamental to have a systematic view of many useful insights for Machine Learning projects.
I wish this week's quiz will also include a programming section that'd show the actual performance difference.
perhaps adding code on how to synthesize images and code examples on dealing with avoidable bias and variance
5 start learning with 1 start video editing. An intern and Adobe Premiere with less than a week would fix it!
Very Good, with insights not seem anywhere, but lacking exercises  as the others in the specialization track.
Very interesting topics so you can move onto managing Deep Learning Project more efficiently, saving time and
I liked this course less than the others since I found very theoretical and that made me get bored sometimes
very helpfull for projects building and the simple explanations helped me undersatnd the material very well
Actually, from this course, I learned how to start a machine learning project. I think I need some reviews.
There are some errors in some of the videos, either in terms of repeating content or not being able to play
It was super interseting and it was fascinating to see how companies approarch error reduction management!
It is a very useful course but I preferred to have a programming assignment as well to try what I learned.
Great course to help a practitioner start to develop a core framework for leading a deep learning project.
Shared many themes/slides with the Basic Machine Learning Course by Andrew; Nonetheless, a lot learned :)
Sometimes interesting, but I would have expected to get more intuition on TensorFlow before this course.
The study case approach is great.I recommend doing this course as last of the 5 courses, as a "wrap-up".
the quiz answers need to be rectified or the mentors have to explain why the correct answers are correct
This course delivered some good information, but it was short and didn't have any programming exercises.
No coding in this course. The simulator exercises can be tricky. Nevertheless, a very important course.
lots useful industrial level skills, however there are too much repeated content in the course i feels
not as informative as the previous two courses in the specialization, could be integrated into others
A little bit annoying. However, it is very useful for learning how to approach to real-world problems
This part is very conceptual and I can't tell if they are helpful or not without actually using them.
Great course! Would have loved some programming assignments, but the flight simulator was useful too.
Don't get me wrong: this course is full of insights, but I think it could use a little more flesh...
Nice work but i think we need more guidelines of how to finish a successful machine learning project
It is a great course but felt like not as interesting as previous 2 courses in  this specialization
The case study two - the quiz scoring in my opinion is not setup properly. For example question 13.
Good course. Don't know what, but expected more. Wish that next courses will give that opportunity.
Very short course. Questions were good. Some programming assignments would have helped a lot more.
It is really inspiring topic to understand all the concepts shared was seems to be really helpful.
Would be happy to see also example and problems connected with numerical output in neural networks
This course compare to other was a bit boring to my opinion. But the whole specialization is great
Gets repetitive at some parts, but otherwise very useful insights into best practices in the field
Very nice course but a bit more subjective than the 2 previous especially about human performance
Great teacher and great content. thought content could have been more! but overaal it was great.
It's nice to get some insight into projects. It would be great to have even bigger case studies.
It would be a better course if you give more problem assignments. Rest everything was very good.
The videos are so long, there is a lot of repetition. it would be better to do it in three weeks
Good experince of working on ML/DL projects is given in this course. Quiz 1 is little confusing
A lot of useful information, but perhaps some areas should have been explored in greater depth.
This course was a lot more interesting then I thought it would be.  Very useful knowledge here.
Great content.Too many dimensions to think about which is good and exhaustive at the same time
learned real life implementation and how things working on industries, but content was so slow
I wish I had this course when I started working in data science ThanksElias Mokbel, CFA, M.Sc.
Still fun but much less practice (no programming assignments) makes it a little less thorough.
Informative, but theoretical. After 3 courses I'm looking to do some hands-on work of my own.
Lecture was good but no programming assignment for this course. I took out one star for this.
Loved the practical guidance provided by Andrew Ng on large-scale machine learning projects.
It would be great to have some materials to be able to go back to once done with the course.
This is a great course. It will be an invaluable reference when tackling real-world problem.
Some videos don't end properly and instead give you a black screen to stare at for a minute.
Sometimes, the explanations/advices given were too lengthly and contained some repetitions.
There were some typos throughout the course, but the core topics were still discussed well.
A good quality course, would have loved to have some programming exercises to go with this.
It would have been a little better if some assignments were also provided with this course.
still with some more example & more simplest way to solve them .with simple basic examples
Again, excellent, but proof reading of the test and proof-viewing of the videos is needed.
It could be more detailed. More Code intense! However, the course was really informative.
Initially a bit hard to understand but repeating the session helped to grasp the concepts
Good course, but there are too many small topics in each week and no hands-on assignment.
Not quite sure, but there are some problems in exam. Hopely fix them as soon as possible.
A good theoretical course to help remember the nuances of how to structure a ML project.
It was a nice course, it can better if some demo codes are used as an example separately
Pro: useful practical suggestions;Con: language used in quiz should be further polished.
"Chillout course", but "test-by-real-cases" is very exiting and very fine idea. Strong 4
I wish there was some practice assignments related to the concepts learnt in this course
Info about the approach in applying DL/ML concepts to various scenarios were explained.
Interesting course, but all this could have been summarised in the first course itself!
This course is not so well organized as the previous two. Everything else is very good!
Very valuable insight in real world usage of DL and guidance in approaching DL projects
It would be even better if there are more quiz and assignments made in ipython notebook
This gives subtle but important knowledge about training with different distributions.
The pacing was a little off, and perhaps some code would help. Otherwise, pretty good.
Useful and short course, but with a lot of information repetition. Could be optimized.
Very helpful in understanding the way the machine learning projects should be managed.
Very useful, but some questions were misleading or were not discussed until next week.
The material  is good, but too short. It could have been compressed in another course.
Good module to learn about how to structure the ML project and getting insights of it
I thought there would be more about project management specifics of machine learning.
I feel like this course should be the last course in the sequence, not the third one.
This class gives an excellent overview of how to optimize a machine learning project.
It was a good structures machine learning course. It helps us to grab the knowledge.
Interesting lectures, not so difficult but need some knowledge about ANN in advance.
lot of information. Practical exercise would would helpful to solidify the concepts.
I liked this course. It has really good tips and the quiz is challenging enough :).
Very much theoretical, could be more helpful if we can piratically see the changes.
Nice and brief with valuable information about machine learning project management.
If you add more assignments not only quiz, that will be very helpful!Thx to Andrew!
Lack of hands-on exercises. However, it is still very good to learn new knowledge.
Very slow, and probably longer than needed to be, plus only quizzes made it boring
Great course not requiring technical background. Great for QA/overseeing projects.
Was more verbose and subjective. Would have liked references to more case studies.
Great, but sometimes there were a problems with the videos (black screen and etc.)
Very good tips and tricks, but I would have preferred it to be even more advanced.
Briefly share Andrew's experience for directing what to do next in a ML project.
Extremely valuable practical information regarding how to structure ML projects.
This is a very interesting course but yes this is totally theoretical in nature.
Good high-level course on how to think about projects implementing Deep Learning
Quiz answers were not that clear. They seem more "gotcha" than "deep learning".
It would be good to have more practical/industry scenarios added to the course.
Always great, but some little issues in the content makes it feel less perfect.
Great class overall. Some practice example on multi-task would have been nice.
Great course for a coding professional to improve on their fine tuning skills
Greate knowledge, but I had a hard time motivating myself through this theroy
Good background theory for people starting in the field to get familiar with.
Good learning , teaches us how to diagnose and plan machone learning project.
As always loved the course, simulations were great and challenging to answer
I would have loved more programming assignments and opportunity to practice.
I see the point, but takes too long to make it. But part of a great series.
useful hints and techniques to manage ML Projects and choose right approach
I thought the course was clear and gave useful tips in leading a ML project
A bit short, maybe combine this into other courses? Or expand it with labs?
Very useful tricks / method to approach typical machine learning projects.
I loved the use cases it gave a practical uses of what I've been learning.
Some hands on exercise to complement the theory would have been excellent.
I am pretty surprise that this course does not have programming assginment
provide student with some code tests like previous courses may be better .
quite detailed and easily accepted way of understanding all the materials.
Good and useful material. However the homework is not challenging enough.
Some video issues, give this course a slightly lower production values...
Very useful for people working in ML. Short on content but one of a kind.
Lot of blanks and glitches in the videos. Should be better reviewed by QA
Got to learn some insights and guidelines for machine learning projects.
It could have been the last course in the specialization instead of 3rd.
Some effort should be put in editing the videos. Else it is pretty good!
Innovative contents full with good advises and suggestions in the matter
Really good for intuition. Only wish there was some code sprinkled in :)
Very good course, maybe a little more project work would be better, ....
Great videos. Just too long. Maybe sometimes I feel it to be repetative
It would be more useful to have this course last in the specialization.
The answers to the questions in the Quiz are ambiguous and subjective.
Good, not dissimilar information from what was taught in the ML course
Will return to this lecture again in the future as reference material.
Has some useful information, but is lacking any programming exercises.
great-practical advices. nice simulation of the problems in the quizes
Talks about error analysis and strategies of how to proceed a project.
the quiz of the 2nd week  has a wrong question， in my quiz，this 10th。
Great course. Loved the lectures, but the assignments were ambiguous.
Great course!I only missed how to deal with unbalanced training sets.
Great information - A few more video errors than in previous courses.
Another informative course. A bit repetitive but overall very useful.
Would have loved a lot more content and a lot more practice examples.
Great course! Would be better if programming exercises were included
A bit too theoretical and not empirical but still really interesting
The value of this course is mostly in the quizzes. Very insightful.
Well structured material - trigger the desire to know more and more
kind of lacking in practical assignment. only quiz seems not enough
It would be great to get some explanations in regard to both tests.
Could be more examples or coding assignments for transfer learning.
Distills the key and practical aspects of machine learning projects
the knowledge is very relevant and the quiz is fun and challenging
Very useful intuitions, needs a little more of coding if possible.
This course is a bit short but there i a lot of experience bottled
Programming assignments for transfer learning would have been nice
Nice to learn  skills about project handling in machine learning.
A little bit boring and repeated info., but still valuable stuff.
Tooo much time to repeat boring things...but still a good lesson!
Worthwhile: good info and the practical aspects of tuning models.
Good for understand how to spend your time on DL projects I guess
It's difficult for me, so I have to retake 3 course, when I need.
Theoretical insights in strategic development of your ML project.
The answer of Questions from quiz 2 seems to be not so confident
Superbly discussed practical problems in the field of ML and DL.
A programming assignment could be included to learn more better.
I would have liked some Python assignments on Transfer Learning
It would be better to have some hands on assignment or quizzes.
Some questions/answers of the quizzes were not accurate enough.
Provides a more scientific approach into hyperparameter tuning.
I hope that in Course 3 there are some programming assignments.
Nicely explained the concepts and importance of error analysis
Volumns of different vedios are different. Some are too small.
complementary material for the book "machine learning yarning"
Lot of theory was their. Good but felt asleep after some time.
I would wish there were more programming practice assignments.
Contained all good content, there just wasn't very much of it.
The course is so useful, but sometimes the voice turns so low
Good overview of the problems occuring while training models.
Thank you, Andrew.This course was very helpful though theory.
Good course. It would be better with programming assignments.
I could not do the flight simulator test, it was not working.
It will be really nice if there is assignment for this course
Some of the questions in the quiz set seems a bit confusing.
It gives the idea about real life machine learning problems.
It would have been great to add some programming assignments
Good material, just wish it had more "labs" to work through.
In some occasions it's been has a bit redundant information
Good Course for Beginners need more programming assignments
Good Course to learn production pipelines for practical use
Hope we had programming assignment for this course as well!
Very good course, It should be last course in specilization
Thanks I learn a lot of real world application and problem
Curated content, quite exclusive indeed. Respect to Dr. Ng
Needs programming exercises to help firm up the new ideas.
Completely new of what it is out there. Well done Andrew!!
Not as interesting as the others, I personally prefer math
Gave some ideas on mismatched data and how to address them
An assignment could have been included to let practically
A bit dry, would love to see some more concrete examples.
Content was fantastic, but the videos were badly edited.
Can be potentially folded into other courses if possible
very helpful to build an intuition for DL strategies...
Providing further references would benefit this section
You can know well a lot of strategy in machine learning
Good teaching of practical approaches and nice quizzes
the content is good, but the videos are not well made.
excerice should be given for this one proper user case
Good class, but 2 previous are much better and useful.
the answer of the assignment is a little bit arguable.
Content is good. Presentation could have been better.
machine learning project are highly iterative as you.
If  there is some coding practice, it would be better
Very well explained but needs more reading material.
Great set of guidelines. Mostly theoretical, though.
Concrete reminders of important and practical points
Very useful materials for leading a ML research team
interesting insights about real world implementation
would like to have more excercise related to coding
Introduced a lot on engineering project experiences
Very interesting topics were shown in this course.
Very useful knowledge that is not commonly taught.
Interesting but perhaps we could have gone deeper.
Is the flight simulator hw going to be added soon?
Great course. I liked the compact, 2-week format.
A little bit abstract. But still very inspiring!
Very interesting tools and ideas for applied ML.
Not as strong as the other 4 of 5 of the series
Great course.  Needs deeper practical examples.
A lot of insights rather than technical details
Coding exercises would be great in this course.
Quite helpful when you start a new ML project.
The session were simple, could be more complex
very good course, could be less massive though
I want a program exercise like in 1-2 courses
I would like to see more practice assessments
Very useful concepts that few people address
Kind of boring than the cnn and rnn class ..
Useful content, could be much more succinct.
This course is awesome and good knowledge .
There were no practical coding homeworks :(
A little less dense than the other courses.
Can reduce some of the repetitive material
Maybe add 1 question at the end of videos
a bit slow and no programming assignments
Satisfied with course. Thank u Instructor
Good course, nice case studies, liked it.
Great course, good structure, nice theory
Was good as an intro could be hands on..
Didn't get any practice coding sessions.
Why is there no programming assignments?
I would have liked more hands o examples
Provide many suggestions about practice.
I would have liked more coding modules.
It was actually very nice and intuitive
will be better if more exercises,thanks
Very nice organized content and quiz..
Less information on some of the topics
Please add some programming practices!
the course is beneficial for my study
I wish there were practical exercises
This topics needs more quizzes thanks
Quite intresting and well explained
Should have some practical coding.
Great course, but a bit redundant.
There are a couple of video issues
Need programming practice!!!!!!!!
Videos are a little "unfinished."
should have a real tuning example
this is a very practical course.
Great course! Best instructor!!
Could have been shorter videos.
Though brief but really useful.
Good concepts, but subjective.
Very good experience sharing!!
Very informative and relevant.
good theoretical course on ml.
Lack of practical assignments
Interesting but a bit verbose
Quite short, but nice to have
A good knowledge extension...
Good but not very challenging
Interesting concepts. Thanks
Good Work, maybe more speed.
Bit fluffy but good content.
No programming assignment :(
more exercise will be better
overall a feel-good course.
Thanks,you are a great help
Happy to Learning something
It is good, but very short.
not as good as lecture 1&2
No programming assignments
Not as good as the others!
Great course but too basic
Not what I was expecting.
Difficult but interesting
A bit boring but useful
gooooood thanks Prof.Ng
Good and very useful :)
Not that useful for me
Maybe a bit too easy?
Good but theoritical
loved this course...
there is high level.
Good, but so short!
practical but slow
Lots of good tips.
Awesome content.
it's good cource
why no homework?
AWESOME COURSE.
very good quizz
No assignments?
great insights
The best !
Great! :)
Cool.
Going beyond the technical details, this part of the course goes into the high level view on how to direct your efforts in a ML project. Really enjoyable and useful. Thanks for making this available!
I learned so many things in this module. I learned that how to do error analysys and different kind of the learning techniques. Thanks  Professor Andrew Ng to provide such a valuable and updated stuff.
This is a must course in the entire specialization. It covers the step by step procedure to approach and solve a problem. The case studies provided are real world problems  which are so much helpful.
Though it might not seem imminently useful, the course notes I've referred back to the most come from this class. This course is could be summarized as a machine learning master giving useful advice.
This is the knowledge in which we will get from lots of experience only, but the andrew has shared in this course which might help us in future by saving a lot of time through this course experience
This is something you won't see in every machine learning courses. Well, Course 1 and Course 2 are also good. Andrew definitely has a thing to explain complicated stuff in the easy way, e.g. the part where he explained how Adam works in Course 2 is truly amazing.But this course is really different. It appears to have no technical details and I can see some people may consider this course worthless or make disparaging remarks. But based on my personal experience, what he taught in this class is really important and kind of shapes the way one needs to think about how to tackle a machine learning project from the start. As researchers and engineers, it's easy for us to delve into the technical details and algorithm approaches, papers too early when the overall direction is not too clear yet. I feel very grateful for what Andrew did by sharing his knowledge to all of us.PS: I believe the content taught in Course 3 is also similar to Andrew's recent NIPS tutorial: Nuts and Bolts of Building Applications using Deep Learning. (https://nips.cc/Conferences/2016/Schedule?showEvent=6203)
It is very nice to have a very experienced deep learning practitioner showing you the "magic" of making DNN works. That is usually passed from Professor to graduate student, but is available here now.
Awesome course as always. The course teaches real world practical aspects of how to get started and navigate in the real world projects. The guidelines are actual learnings from years of experience.
I recommend this course. This will be a bit of theoretical which is good. It will talk about real world scenarios over the errors which is what we deal in day-to-day life and how to deal with it.
To set the context, I have a PhD in Computer Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin. I am a working professional (13+ years), but just getting into the field of ML and AI.  Apologies for flashing this preamble for every course that I review on coursera.This course is the third in the deeplearning.ai series offered by Dr. Andrew Ng.  This is a relatively short course as compared to the other courses in this series.  However, there are quite a few videos to watch and learn from.  This course is really a series of practical advice, strategies and analysis techniques that are an indispensable part of the ML/DL toolbox of a practitioner.  The techniques are presented through a series of examples and Dr. Ng helps beat the "practical theory" into the student very well.  I was at first disappointed that there were no programming proects.  However, the "flight simulator" quizzes were quite challenging and made me think -- thereby, more than made up for the absense of projects. This course is a critical part of the entire series and it is best understood when taken as a part of the sequence.Thanks Dr. Ng and teaching assistants.  This is a fantastic course.  Thanks, coursera.
After doing this course I was able to optimize the performance of my model. Prof Ng does a fantastic work explaining the intricacies involved in rather simpler words and with very lucid examples. The exercises are very well made and let you deploy the concepts learnt. Overall it's an amazing course and a must do for those who have some foundation of deep learning and want to delve deeper in.
A lot of concrete examples, including those in the lectures and in the tests. Gained some thoughts on how to manage a ML project. Thanks Andrew and deeplearning.ai for providing such a great course.
this was definitely a useful course, as it addressed the 'art' of machine learning.For me, the mathematics and writing code is easy - that's the science; however, it is equally important to have heuristics for deciding what sort of learning algorithm(s) to try, and how to start, and how to iterate.That being said, some of the terminology is peculiar - satisficing, for example, is that even a real word?.In the software requirements engineering field, we'd call that performance requirements ( for run-time speed), or perhaps non-functional requirements( memory usage), depending on the metric.Also, in the second week, there was a discussion of error priorities for the autonomous vehicle example and quiz where a safety-critical requirement was not taken into consideration at all.Spoiler Alert: If I am building the AI and control systems for a vehicle ( autonomous or otherwise), , that has to work in all weather conditions, no matter how hard it might be to get the necessary training data.  Qualifying the answer with 'all other things being equal' never applies to safety-critical systems.
I really liked to learn about the actual problems faced in a project and the ways to tackle them more or less systematically. I also understood the challenges and open questions in case of dead ends. The two quizzes really can help me answer a typical deep learning job interview. I definitely feel prepared for a job in deep learning industry. Finally, the interviews with Andrej ( I have read his blogs but never got to see a video/picture) and Russ were thrilling and keeps me motivating to not approach deep learning as a subject solved but an evolving research area. It also tells me to revisit some of the concepts like autoencoders, RBMs which are normally not dealt in normal deep learning class. Once again, I want to thank Prof Andrew for his simple, elegant and thought provoking lectures which are not only specific but also fulfilling. It is extremely interesting to do his course just like watching a favorite movie/ series. Thank you Coursera team !
Failure on a beginner level quizzes it's very irritating, more specially to me. I don't regret seen myself have to re-do some quizzes for every week, probably that's because English is not my first language, or how can I put it...my mother's tongue. I believe it's an indication of our weaknesses and if we face them we can grow to prosper, not that I am trying to be a life philosopher. Questions on this course are made in such a way to test if you really understood what the instructor has taught you. I love Andrew's ways of teaching, I just wish he was my electronics lecturer. I feel like I could have understood some of fuzzy concepts that I battled with very easily.  The concept were given in such a structured way and I was very excited in many of these teaching and insights regarding machine learning approaches as a machine learning engineer.
This course is radically different from the first two of the specialization. While before we were dealing with the theoretical basis for how learning works and ways to optimize the performance of the computer, this one is more like a stream of tips, cautionary tales, and hacks in order to optimize the performance of the human.  Personally, I found the material to be very educational and engaging, with many "aha" moments when the instructor makes you see the "obvious" solution for a problem that just seconds ago seemed unsolvable. The assignments (the "flight simulator") are incredibly useful and make you think profoundly and systematically on the problems. I found that the questions would typically prompt even more questions in my head and make me consider many options to tackle a particular problem.
After seven days learning, I finally finished the three course of this specilization. I've gotten much more than I've expected at the beginning. Not only deeply understand how the neural network works, but also how to build deep neural network and how to train it efficiently. Now I know how to start to build a machine learning project and solve the specific problems from data preparation to model training and I know how to quickly get my network works through transfer learning and fine-tuning, etc. By watching the interview videos I got a lot about the future of AI and I deeply know what I am really interested in now. I really appreciate what Prof. Andrew and TAs have done to make this series available from all around the world and I really too impatient to wait to learn the next two course.
This is probably the most important course in the specialization. It's very easy now-a-days to create Neural Networks and get a grasp of how they work due to high-level frameworks (keras, scikit, tflearn, etc) and abundance of literature and videos, respectively. The thing that is lacking from most resources that I have encountered on learning Deep Learning and Neural Nets is how to optimize and approach problems. I have in the past build some complex Neural Networks, but would hit road blocks that would ruin productivity for I didn't know how to approach problems correctly, and didn't know what knobs to turn to improve performance of my program. This course teaches techniques that I find extremely useful for my previous problems in Machine Learning.
Very useful knowledge, super interesting material and prof. Ng is an awesome teacher as always. The simulating approach for the quiz is great! However the "simulation" questions and answers should be carefully reviewed. Sometimes the "right" answer is difficult to choose because of an ambiguity or a little detail that does not quite match the lectures and two answers seem to have some of the right element OR no answer seems to be perfectly right.  Going thru the forums, you will find plenty of comments like this to figure out which questions to tune. Some are right and some are due to the student genuinely making a mistake.  Perhaps looking at the error rate on each question will also help seeing which one are abnormally incorrectly answered.
Loved the course because the insights shared by Andrew Ng are clearly coming from real-world industry experience. Besides the content of the video lectures, which are a must-see for every ML practitioner, I particularly liked the "flight simulator"-style assignments. Although the content is of very high quality, I noted that there a couple of mistakes in the assignment texts, unfortunately sometimes even in the options of multiple-choice questions, which make it unnecessarily hard to guess what the option actually means. In one case (assignment 2, question 10) I even think the "correct" answer's text is contradictory to what Andrew says in the lecture. I feel that half an hour of proof-reading could have taken care of these mistakes.
In this course, I learned a lot about how to make right decisions when facing different problems in machine learning tasks. It helps me to review the decisions I made in the past, and also shows me a more systematic way to think about what to do next. I strongly recommend everyone interested in ML to take this course.The only thing I'm not so satisfied with is that some questions in the quiz are quite confusing. Maybe they just have wording issue, but these questions and their corresponding answers do confuse a lot of people. I think maybe TA could take some time to address these problems in the discussion forum and help us learn even better.
Another excellent course made by Andrew Ng. It is another perfect example of how to prepare good learning materials.This course does not in fact expect you to write the code. Teacher is aiming not to offer you his abilities to make working system. He is offering you his deep insight and experience in making systems better and better to the point in which they meet expectactions. He discusses how to address issues you may encounter in systematic manner and where put your resources to use them in most efficient way.If you are building machine learning models I am sure that this course pays off and can spare you many mistakes you could make.
This is a passive course. Don't let the 2-week course set you off. The videos in here are really insightful. They give you some of the experience that Andrew has seen throughout the years.They will provide you with the right way on how to split the data sets, how to handle when the train, dev & test sets come from different distributions; advantages of orthogonalization; The avoidable bias, the satisfying and optimizing metrics. By investing in this course, this will save you tons and tons of hours of work by understanding some key concepts that you will need for an effective Machine Learning problem.
An amazing course indeed. A bit "dull" to some due to the lack of programming assignments, but extremely beneficial and insightful to anyone seriously considering to tackle an ML project. You have to appreciate the fact that while what this course covers may sometimes seem like "common sense", it is still reassuring and comforting to know that these concepts and principles are what the likes of Prof. Andrew Ng go by when they embark on an ML project. To all who are working on making this platform what it is, I'm very confident that it is not an easy thing at all, so thank you so much.
This course provides valuable practical advice on overcoming common obstacles in machine learning and deep learning projects. Some people might dismiss these advice as "common sense", and they would be wrong! Common sense isn't so common most of the time. In other words, there are many advice and suggestions this course offers that I hadn't thought of, but "obvious" once I learned them. Well, I need to hear them, and I'm glad I took this course. BTW , the assignments are essential. You can apply not only what's discussed in the lectures, but also learn new "common sense" methodology.
The course content is very theoretical but packed with very very applicable information for improving machine learning systems. The use of simulation exercises at the end of each week really goes a long way to compensate for the theoretical nature of the course content by giving learners the ability to think in terms of a real world project and seek ways to make it better. Technically speaking, I found this course more important than most practical courses that are filled with coding exercises without any additional information around making the code perform better. Great content!!!
This is a short high value course. It is especially good for someone who is trying to get into machine learning at a professional level, to avoid the usual pits of project structuring and time management. Highly recommended. It might seem less motivating, because it is perhaps less technical than other courses in the deep learning series, and does not have programming assignments, but in my view it might actually be at least as important as the more technical courses (if not more) in terms of allowing students to deliver machine learning projects in a professional context.
This course provides insights that you normally wouldn't get reading a book alone. While it does cover the core theories behind structuring of projects, what sets it apart is the truly practical tips and tricks that you could put to use in your project right away. The guidance is actionable and draws from practical experience of stalwarts rather than draw from theory alone. The test & exercise was quite innovative too as it puts you through a real world simulation to help you understand decision pathways you would take based on situational role play. Overall 5 stars!
Having talked to someone who is actively working on Neural Network models, some of the insights I learned from the course looked to be helpful to them as well when we talked. I really appreciate the hands-on quizzes as well, as they gave me a chance to critically think through what I had just learned, and apply it to a real-world example. They especially helped when I got things wrong, because then I was able to rethink some assumptions I had made, and solidified my understanding of the material. I hope the next two courses are just as good as the last three!
This course ia about the practical application of Deep Learning techniques. Andrew Ng's other courses are very theoretical and prepare you with a very strong mathematical foundation for Machine Learning. This course provides practical advice and recommendations for teams building real-world applications of Deep Learning -- advice garnered over many years of work by Professor Ng and others, and, as far as I know, not collected into a single source anywhere else.I have taken several of Professor Ng's courses. They are all excellent. This may be the best so far.
So far, this has been the most useful course out of this specialization! Sure, the others might offer more technical expertise, but this trains you things that cannot be taught in a class or a lecture. The application oriented case studies are extremely intriguing and challenging to a person whose knowledge might be completely theoretical. This course trains you to think in real life situations of applying a deep learning model, where to cut costs and effort, where to add more, how to optimize your model to surpass even the human level, and go further etc..
It is one of the awesome courses everyone should join as by investing time for this course you may save your time in future when you are working on real world problems as Andrew has taught his experience where people makes mistakes and how to not repeat it and save your months of time,also he have taught in details about the datasets creation and there use.And also how u can use pre-trained model for other type of dataset. Join and it will make you more curious to dig dipper and also at same time making you better than some of real experts in the industry.
This short course really fills in some gaps in terms of "tricks of the trade"; I think of useful information of this sort as the "force multiplier" whereby some small pieces of advice and insight from a practitioner goes a long way. I checked in a couple of machine leaning books and couldn't find equivalent advice. I particularly liked the point that was made about machine learning and certain ideas becoming obsolete (having previously done a PhD in machine learning) as I had that impression myself and was discussing it with a colleague this very week!
I like how it discusses everything on a strategic level. Very helpful when leading AI teams in the office. I wish there were a couple more case studies on different AI topics like natural language or signal processing or dialog systems. These are hot topics in the industry and academia and would be helpful to both professionals and students working on these problems to gain some insights to these problems as well. Thank you Andrea and Team! This is wonderful and would high recommend to L&D department to add this to our data science options
0 math, yet I learned so much practical engineering advice, probably more than in all of the theory classes. I am very grateful. I love these kind of classes where we learn a lot from Andrew Ng's practical invaluable experience, and strangely, they end up more difficult than the pure math classes. To me, this kind of classes are higher quality training data for for the NN inside my skull than theory classes of something encapsulated in a library ;). It would take me decades of practice to reach these conclusions. Thank you for the wisdom!
Best applied course I have taken so far. Very practical, great to do before starting a project. I do have a suggestion for the specialisation in general. I have been working with deep learning, specifically image recognition and I have had a hard time figuring out what images I need to feed into my algorithms. Material about what type of data is needed to train algorithms correctly and overall requirements of this data would be great. I know this is done in some level, but not in a level of detail necessary for a project.
Probably the best course to learn how to approach a Machine Learning project and deal with all the multiple challenges and issues which arise in real applications. Lots of years and experience of ML work distilled in a set of practical recommendations which can save one and entire teams months of work and computing expenses. The quizzes, based on simulated real cases, help mastering the recommendations. An ideal course for the more novice practitioners to catch up  with the most expert ones in just a couple of weeks!
Great course! This is the first course I've seen that gives a "big picture" overview on *how to approach* new machine learning / deep learning projects. It dives into how to structure the project, how to separate training / validation / test datasets, how to perform error analysis when your errors are high, how to trade-off bias/variance, and when and how to apply end-to-end deep learning. In short, this course is about finding the right trails, rather than going deep in the forest. Highly recommended! 👍
This course contains some very essential information regarding the appliance of machine learning in a project. I think that it really discerns itself in this regard when compared to other courses. The lectures are very clear and I particularly enjoyed both exercises: the questions were very well chosen. Also, I quite like the 'Heroes' videos (also in the previous courses) as they also provide some very good information on the field of AI / ML in general as well as some practical tips on how to enter it.
One of the best courses I have ever gone through, the lessons were short and to the point thus allowing me to absorb the concepts even though they were bit outside my experience.  Andrew generalized the topics so effectively that I could relate similar experience to understand the concepts.  I love Andrew's simplistic, repetitive, regressive approach so if things aren't clear in the first go, you can trust him to reviw them at the right opportunity. I would love to learn more on this topic from Andrew!
This is a very interesting course with very useful recommendations which could be also applied to ML projects. I highly recommend this material.The only downside is that the course is structured as 1-1.5 hours of lectures and then practice quizzes (which are actually very interesting). And as for me, it becomes boring just listening without hands-on then, say, 15 minutes, despite the material itself is very interesting.I hope that the next courses will have more practice.All-in-all, a very good course!
Very important course. Most of the stuff in this course is what is important for practitioners and is missing in other courses, I think most of the organizations and teams miss out on the strategy and devote far more time in wandering in wrong directions.  It would be helpful if at certain points when referring to some concepts, a brief recap be given. There are too many concepts in other courses that at times you have strain yourself to recall. It is good mental exercise but it may help some folks.
This course completely wrapping up the topics from course 1 and course 2 of the deep learning specialization while presenting up-to-date (and fun(!)) "real" word evidence cases. From all the courses in the specialization, I found this one particularly compelling in terms of easy-to-grasp and the best overview of ML projects. The assignments were outstanding, making you really the feel like you truly understand  ML challenges, use cases and solutions to problems.Totally recommend this course!
This is a very good course on machine learning subjects that are rarely discussed elsewhere, namely managing machine learning project. And surprisingly, despite the easy feel of the subjects and their explanation in the video, the decision making that you have to take (and is tested in the quiz) in simulated project is hard. As project leader, given many choices of things to do, it's hard to decide what's the best thing to do, and this course shows, teaches, and trains you how to do that.
This course is quite different from its counterparts. Firstly, this course doesn't teach you the hard and fast rules, that we are accustomed to in traditional computing. This course helps you develop intuitions about measuring the performance and efficiency of our Machine Learning System. This is going to be of extreme importance to all of us. The other courses can tell you how to design a system. This course will tell you how good/bad your system is, and how you can improve it further.
This was a good course, overall.  It covered a lot of the decisions you need to make, when configuring and working to improve your neural network models.There are not actual flight simulators.  That is just how some of the learning exercises are described.This course made me think about a lot of things--for example, is it better to simulate noise in "clean" data or to try to filter noise out of noisy data.  Obviously, this course is just a stepping-off point for your own explorations.
This course felt a bit out of sequence in that it left behind the more "hands on" notebook coding for a higher level "How to manage an AI team/project". This made sense when I realised it used to be the last of a three-course specialization. Aside from how it fits into the flow of the specialization (which then moves on to get technical again with CNNs and RNNs), it's jam packed full of incredibly sound advice that even experienced team leads would probably benefit from reviewing.
In this module professor Andrew NG teaches several strategies based on his vast experience to help you deal with real world machine learning projects. Most of the information is of great value and it is difficult to find organized like that in another website. I have really enjoyed the two case studies proposed and they are very interesting to help you review the concepts studied. Finally, professor Andrew NG explains the content clearly and it is a pleasure to watch his videos.
This is another awesome course teached by the best instuctor (prof.) in the net for ML and DL technologies. Knowing how to divide the dataset in the appropriate sub sets and doing the right error analyisis, is the main goal every developer or scientist in this field tries to achieve. This course teaches all this and additional concepts like transfer and multi-task learning which are essential techniques to improve productivity. I would give six stars if there were any.
I feel humbled as I ended this course, realising that years and years of knowledge that Prof. Andrew and others have gathered they've just let out to public, accessible to everyone. It is such a great act of kindness. I am really thankful to you folks. This was a great course to learn the insights of an experienced ML / DL guy. It would help a lot when I'll actually be working on a real life project. I hope I would be able to spread the light of knowledge even further.
This may be an optional course in the deep learning specialization, but I beg to differ. If you plan to do actually start a project in machine learning, it is imperative you take this course. You could finish your project ten times faster with a fraction of the work. All in all, every one of these courses in this specialization have been beautifully organized and taught very well.Thank you so much for offering this course along with the others in the specialization!
The course is really great!  It offers an in-depth understanding of the practical aspects and applications where deep learning can be applied. Most importantly the content in this course will help you iterate faster with your machine learning problem by doing error analysis on it. This course tells you exactly what can be done in which situation to improve the performance by analyzing the data and other statistical aspects of the data as well as the algorithm.
Error analysis and Learning the methodology to handle the errors. Besides the traditional systematic way of performance analysis like train-dev-test and cross-validation, Andrew focused on data mismatch and train-dev data. These two are the most important things that are described very well. Like other courses, Andrew was very good to describe the real-life practice. In this course, two simulation quiz really helps a lot to deeply understand the application.
This is a VERY valuable course, with tons of practical advice on how to understand problems all machine learning / neural network developers experience and how to tackle them.  I have never seen such high quality practical advice in any textbook or in any other course before, and I believe that even those who are not taking the full five course deep learning specialization should seriously considered this course.  Another truly excellent Andrew Ng course!
This course introduces some general principles for developing a deep learning project. It points out the difference of setting of train/dev/test sets between deep learning and traditional machine learning. That's a practical advice. And it's notable to include human performance and regard it as Bayesian bound, almost the best we would expect an algorithm to achieve. That saves you from spending unnecessary time to make a subtle improvement. Learnt a lot!
In this course I learned about ways to approach some of the real world challenges that I have already faced on some of my own projects. For example, what actions should you consider when you find a significant number of labeling errors in the dev/test sets that affects your ROC. I also was motivated by the last module on end to end training and the interview with Ruslan Salakhutdinov to pursue an end to end training idea that I have been thinking about.
Great Course!  Many students will choose to skip this course since they think there are less knowledges than other course in the 5-course specialization. But I have to tell you: this is the best course in the specialization, because you can learn a lot knowledges especially skills and experiences in practice from this course that you can't learn from other books, courses or universities. BTW, I'm not telling that the other 4 courses are  not important.
Andrew Ng is brilliant! I have never seen such a great tutor in my life. He bring extremely useful concepts and explains them so easily in a way the concepts stay in your mind. Like the backprop algorithms he talks, he has learned so much from his old course and he has made great improvements to focus on New people. He sure has a good deep network up his brain that has gone through lot of iterations (without overfitting) with beautiful set of features.
It is very good probe to practice. I would very appreciate to take this course before I have started in machine learning. It would help me to realize some mistakes I have maid before. On the other hand, for people, who have some experience with machine learning, some chapters are being over-explained, as the topics are quite clear to those people. Overall: I would recommend this course to everyone, who wants to start with his/her own NN training.
No coding at all. But this is one of the best course on AI, because it does not talk about coding or anything, but most importantly, the one thing that is not taught by many others. Experience of Andrew Ng trials and errors in approaching ML projects. How to create structure, how to observe what results to see. In short this course is like 'how to save time in doing AI projects and make optimal use of it, avoid trial error which can cost months.'
Despite of its relative simplicity (from a technical point of view), it is probably one of the most practical courses I have taken in Coursera. Even though it only mentions deep learning, the overall methodology can be applied to any machine learning work. It is important to get familiar with the heart of the models, but it is probably even more important how to work on an end-to-end machine learning project. In summary: Highly recommendable!
Unlike most of the Deep Learning knowledge which can be found in literature and other MOOCs,  this course provides you with insights that can only be acquired trough (often painful) trial and error. Here you learn how to approach Deep Learning projects, how to avoid most common mistakes, and how to quickly identify errors in your model. Do yourselves  a favor, and finish this course before taking on your very first DL project.
This course is my favorite so far. It has really given me a way to systematically and strategically set up a machine learning experiment and iterate in a way that make sense. For me the toughest part of ML projects has always been figuring out where and how to start. Now that I have some solid guidelines to follow, I don't feel as anxious about jumping into a new problem and it turning into a wild goose chase. Thanks a lot!
Such an amazing course. This course should be done by every Deep Learning researcher or enthusiast. If the previous course taught how to debug Neural Networks then this course teaches how to perform advanced debugging on the dataset. The contents of this course are invaluable and not taught in most institutions and they are not known to the wider community that actually follow the guidelines and techniques presented here.
Wow! This course was more of real time application scenarios and the kind of tweeks to build, transform learning plus multi-task learning was excellent. The end-to-end learning with a split approach of solving was really something new I found in this learning. Not to forget the application level quizzes were so tricky it was challenging to understand and interpret the possible solutions but, was great learning experience.
More of a general comment for the specialization but I love the Andrew and the teaching team have set up the content delivery. Simple, clear and well-paced delivery with consistent use of well-considered examples. On top of that, the summaries are great representations of key concepts. I am greatly appreciating the entire specialization and seeing the bigger picture in terms of why it is structured as such. Thank you!
I find this particular course in the whole specialization especially useful so far. Andrew teaches great strategy that helps think and act on deep learning projects in a more systematical way, and does so with crystal clean examples. Quizzes in this course, similar to flight simulator, are great at ensuring you can apply the principles you have just learnt and see where your understanding is a little bit vague.
Fantastic lectures combined with case-studies for real world applications. In this course you don't program, but don't underestimate the ability to abstract out and systematically assess your thinking. This could speed up your project development and save you tone of time. Any potential employers would also be happy that you know some practical aspects of implementing a deep neural network for a particular use.
Honestly speaking, this is the best course in the whole deep learning specialization. This course is the one which tells us what to do as a Deep learning engineer in real world scenario. People can do the coding and everything, but without proper directions the product might fail.Andrew Sir has given his expertise in a very neat and compact way, good enough for starting our own research or whatever we want to.
Amazing 3rd course, I learned so much related to error analysis, bias, variance, data mismatch, data synthesis as well as transfer learning, multi-task learning, end to end deep learning and more. I really loved both case studies in the end of each week. The interviews especially with Andrej Karpathy was my favorite :) Excellent best practices and strategies that you don't learn from any other course or book.
This course in the specialization is less about how to build a model but gives you a structured way of how to approach a deeplearning project. It shows how much some manual (and maybe boring) counting can speed up your project and that starting with a simple model and iterating on that often outperformes very detailed thinking about your project at forehand. The practical tips Andrew shares are very valuable!
Liked this way more than I thought I would. Machine learning project management is vital in a professional setting (I would assume), and I often leave it as an afterthought. It's not just building the fanciest model, it's about how to iterate from an okay model to your best model in an efficient manner. This course teaches you what to look for with your results and pinpoints what areas to focus on to improve.
Very nice introduction to the aspects of a machine learning project that is not covered other places, but is very important. Most of it is very intuitive and comes as no surprise, but it is still very usefull to collect it into a single course. It is a good resource to have in case you are in doubt about how to structure your project, where to focus your energies and how to make progress in a systematic way.
Great course by Andrew Ng, coming from his Machine Learning Course and seeking to work on Kaggle Competitions, this course provides all the knowledge necessary to approach any machine learning problem (with or without a team), and efficiently work towards a better algorithm. It's almost as if he gives you the tools necessary to optimize yourself which in turn allows you to efficiently optimize any algorithm.
This great course provided quite a few good ideas for addressing scenarios that may arise when constructing a deep learning model.  In terms of improvements, would suggest updating the name of the course to 'Structuring Deep Learning Projects' rather than 'Structuring Machine Learning Projects,' as the model-specific techniques (and examples for other techniques) all mention types of Deep Learning models.
Based on personal experience with other courses on deep learning, much of the insights focus on what I'd call the "technical details" (e.g., maths and computations, using libraries, training strategies). I recommend this course for focusing on the "non-technical" aspects. I find the lessons in this course helpful in streamlining the planning/strategizing process in the projects that I have been part of.
Good engineering tips, tricks, bolts and nuts, very useful!  Andrew Ng is more dedicated to engineering and best practices that are very important in the machine learning field which is not only theory (a lot less than some believe or pretend) but very empirical, with a lot of practices, try and and error, recipes. Don't be snob, maths are awesome but good engineering and best practices are crucial too.
The practical aspects of what to consider and what not to worry about while getting started with DL projects were very helpful. It puts us in the right direction. The whole field seems to be a little overwhelming, but watching the experts breaking things down to more easy and understandable concepts with relevant examples is very much encouraging for a student like me to dig deeper and make progress.
My Sincere "thank you" to Andrew Ng for teaching me ML and Structuring ML Projects. I find the content and presentation are on the highest level; which will definitely make the learner to think and workout in the correct direction when working in ML engineering and/or managing ML projects. I believe, in the coming times I'll learn more relevant topics from him to excel in my career. Thank you again.
Excellent course - a unique short course where you'd get tons of insights from one of the top AI/ML experts Andrew Ng about how to curate data and structure your ML projects. Lot of practical and actionable tips. Most useful course of the entire specialization to help you understand soul of the AI/ML development, you'll appreciate it even more if you have some experience of real-life AI/ML projects.
Thank you for providing this course. This course is something different, it takes you away from the technicality of the algorithms and makes you focus on a different but very important aspect of ML problems, i.e. error analysis. The professor is once again great in compiling all his practical real life experiences in teaching a subject which is not commonly found in other online training curriculum.
Great topics and discussions.I get the dynamic aspect of writing the lecture notes in the videos, however the lecture notes should be "cleaned up" in the downloadable files (i.e., typos corrected and typed up).  Additionally, the notes written in the video could be written and organized more clearly (e.g., uniform directional flow across the page/screen rather than randomly fit wherever on the page.
This course was helpful in basic undestanding of how to evaluate the data from deep learning models.It took very diffrent aproaches like the precision and recall metric and even get faster evaluation with a f1 score. It was also helpful to get insight on diffrent types of errors which could show some direction how to optimize dev and test sets and why it is possible to pass beyond human performance.
Gained a lot of insight on how to structure machine learning projects, but I believe  it would help for this course, and for the deep learning specialization to put lecture notes after each video in order to get a short and concise summary of all the relevant info we need to know, like the one in Andrew's into to ML course; however, Andrew is an insightful teacher, so I had to give this course a 5.
There is a tendency to dive straight into applying ML to a problem and with the tools available today this is all too easy.  It therefore becomes necessary to make sure that we are aware of how we can structure the process of machine learning.  How we organise our skills/intuition/measures is what this course is about.  Essential and in some ways as fundamental as the scientific process itself.
very good guidance on how to start a machine learning project, including many interesting discussions including how to choose the size of training/test/dev set, how to analyze the errors, how to deal with mismatched distributions of test/traning/dev set by adding a training_dev set and how to do end-to-end and multitask training. The contents are well exercised by two well defined case studies.
This is the best series of ML that I have taken so far on Coursera.  Andrew Ng is a master at instructing others.  I cannot say enough about this series, you would need to take the series to comprehend what I am trying to say.  Somedays I watch and I am just amazed how Andrew takes a concept and turns it comprehensible at such a fundamental level.  Great course it deserves more than 5 stars!!!!
Excellent Course on how to structure the Machine Learning projects so that the developers do not waste time following a random trial and error approach and rather take on an approach which is proved to work well in improving the accuracy of the model in spite of the changing requirements and data. I would like to thank Professor Andrew N.G. and his team for developing such a wonderful course.
This course was very interesting. The examples are good chosen and the exams have great questions (they are summarising everything from the lessons). Great suggestions and also personal tip. I'm studying and I'm learning a little bit of these neuronal systems and machine translation which are based on language while your examples were more visual like the car case for example. Thank you :)
This Part of study is a aimed to improve the skills during the Modelling and Calculation. In the realistic problems, people need time to get familiar with the process of how to build a sophisticated network. And the time to learn these experiences could be long. This course give us a lot of useful information and tricks. It saves our time and reduced the hardness for the work! It's great!
I wish there was more such cases that I can learn from. I found this course very valuable. Thank you :) I would be interested in participating in research. Do you think that Coursera could help with creating PhD degree/ applied research. I would like to improve the world by applying the knowledge I gained from this specialisation. Do you think Coursera could help with something like this?
This course should be mandatory for any machine learning practitioner, researcher, or student. Ng shares excellent insights and provides a clear structure for thinking about how to manage our most valuable resources in machine learning  -- labeled data! The course discusses the concepts in a deep learning context but I would recommend even for those not working on deep learning problems.
I took this course soon after completing the Machine Learning course, before starting the Neural Network and Deep Learning. And found it extremely helpful, the simulator approach takenup in the course is absolutely spot-on and unique to this course (as compare to any knowledge source on internet). Andrew NG has poured in his tacit knowledge and made it explicit in the best possible way !
This course gives insight to all the errors and their analysis, different approaches to deal with problems in machine learning and also working of different models such as Face recognition, Speech recognition and Automated driving models. Andrew sir explains all this concepts in a very learnable manner. I do recommend this course to those who are going to build their first ML model.
One of best courses I have taken on Coursera. There are not much available  online resources to learn about how to structure and manage a Machine Learning projects. I would like to express my appreciation for all of the hard work and dedications professor Andrew Ng and his team spent on designing such a great course with understandable lectures as well as well-designed assignments.
This course is the most hands-on deep learning class I have seen so far... and have taken a lot. Most courses focus on the technical details of feedforward, backpropagation, activation functions, etc. but this is the only one I have seen where guidance is provided on how to tackle real-life situations. So far, the BEST course I have takes on deep learning projects tips and tricks.
This course is light on math and programming but loaded with great advice that I have already been able to put into practice at work.  Some things are lessons I have learned by being in the field for a few years and others are lessons that might have taken a while to learn on my own.  This course has extremely valuable real-world advice that will impact the work I do right away.
I understood such concepts as: evaluation metric, percentage of distributions, estimating train and dev set errors, training a basic model first, choice softmax activation, carrying out error analysis on images that the algorithm got wrong, algorithm will be able to use mislabeled example, dev and test set should have the closest possible distribution to “real”-data, and so on.
This course offers insights into organizing and structuring machine learning projects. It is different than the other courses of this specialization by not going to much into technical details. I found it still very rewarding since Andrew offers some very niche tricks that can help researchers in practical application of machine learning and deep learning algorithms.Great job!
The topics discussed in this class are very closely associated with the title `Struturing Machine Learning Projects`.   These topics are more than just concepts, I think they would be very useful in real projects (Though I haven't done one :) ).   There are a lot of use cases discussed in the course.   Hoping in the near future, I have an opportunity to use them in practice.
This course was smaller and a bit more theoretical than the previous two courses. Although the lectures give you a good insight on error analysis, things to check in order to optimize your model and finally how you can use a pre-trained model to solve a different task - of the same input data type.Thanks both to the instructor and the crew for this great series of lectures.
Really changed my thinking about how to run an ML project.  I just wish my projects were the kind that could exploit these methods to the fullest.  They're more like the autonomous driving example.  There are parts that DL is useful for (particularly sequence learning with RNNs) but big parts that aren't (e.g. use of probabilistic graphical models).  Anyway, awesome course!
Lots of principles and skills about how to organize machine learning projects and diagnose problems. Especially for the error analysis part, you will definitely save much more time in solving these errors than you expected by following the suggestions taught by Andrew. Thanks Andrew, I really learned a lot from your awesome deep learning courses and felt closer to industry.
This course is just magical. It covers so many concepts that would require years of experience to gain. Thanks to Professor Andrew for sharing his great knowledge with us. The bias/variance and train and dev/test distribution concepts are very well explained with examples. Also, the quiz helps to practice these concepts which require a better understanding of all of these.
Great course as always! Andrew Ng is a great teacher, and he actually can inspire all of us on being better professionals (and researchers) on the field. The idea of the case studies was great! It was very fun to experience how it is to be part of deep learning projects and the decisions associated with this. Congratulations for all of you guys from coursera! Thank you!
Initially, I was bored from some initial lectures. But later, I found that this is one of the most important course in the specialization because it dives to you the handful of experience in a single course which one gets after many years of practicing machine learning. At the end of this course, I am very much enlightened with the content and journey of this course.
Loved this course as well.  Presented very difficult material in a simple and easy to figure manner.  Excited for more!  Thank you to those who dedicate their time to making this course available, and taking the time to answer questions regarding the material.  It is much appreciated and I highly recommend these courses to those who wish to learn about Deep Learning.
This is a great course, unlike many other courses where you put 1/2 lines in between the code completions and pass the assignments. This one has got a number of issues where one has to be able to think about the problem and the data/model/metrics on hand to analyze and take further steps. Once again this one is from one of the top instructors of the world. thanks!
Awesome course! I really like the explanations by Andrew Ng. This course gives you skills about how to make error analysis on your models, how to build a machine learning strategy, importance of single evaluation metric, satisficing and optimizing metrics, setting up the train/dev/test distributions and many other topics. Highly recommend this course to everyone!
This course is surely gona help if planning to learn deep learning.Gaining knowledge is not the best part unless you don't know how to apply the knowledge. This course is all about how and where to apply machine learning and deep learning concepts with much more practicing in real life case studies. Thanks alot for providing such a great content and case studies.
Excellent course. I loved the "flight simulator". I found them challenging. However, some of the questions were worded confusingly, so I got the answers wrong. There is no point in trying to "trick" the test taker by confusing wording in the question as well as in the answers. But, I think this course provides a pragmatic approach to machine learning projects.
This class was well worth the time if you've already invested some effort in learning different principles of machine learning.  It causes you to reflect back on different implementations, and understand better how to set up a potential problem and determine how to improve it.  The many examples helped solidify items in lectures from prior courses in my mind.
This course imparts the real world experience that Andrew gained by working in the Industry on the bleeding edge of AI and Machine Learning. This class saves at least 2 years of painful learning on your own by trial and error. I think 2 weeks on this course will put you ahead by 2 years in your path of building neural networks for solving real world problems.
This course was new for me. I only had some prior knowledge about transfer learnign because I use it on my Bachelor´s Degree Thesis on image segmentation using Imagenet pre-trained weights, but all other concepts and all those guidelines of how to structure a project and how to solve the problems for make a faster and successfull iteration was really helpful
Machine Learning Flight Simulator was an intriguing adventure, you get the feel of being inside the shoes of real life AI project leads! Words can't describe Andrew and team's efforts, brilliant guys! Keep up the good work :). Really excited to see what challenges you've got in store for us in the upcoming Convolutional and Recurrent Neural Networks courses.
This was by far one of the most challenging courses in the deep learning specialization as it covered a lot of practical ml implementation. I personally think that the ideas and the strategies discussed in the course will be highly useful while implementing real-life models. The assignments are very well designed and created a real-life scenario environment
Andrew Ng is amazing. The way he focuses on these very often overlooked details of ML projects alone would qualify him as a professional of a different category. On top of that he has an incredible ability to explain complex things in an easy way. If he was a baseball player he would be hitting 60 HR per season while pitching 40 games with a 0.87 ERA :-)
Thanks a real bunch, Coursera for providing financial aid and bringing up this course, truly loved each and every section, coupled with quiz section at the end, is so much helpful and of course, very thoroughly made! Thanks to all the hardworking instructors and teaching assistance, and of course, coursera team for making this course so effectively! :)
Generally felt this course is super useful as it helped answering several questions of "why we do things this way" rather than follow the paradigm of "it just magically works". Though there are still many magic moments while learning on ML in general, I felt this course really helped broad my view and understand the overall problem space much better.
Having finished the first three courses in the Deeplearning.ai's specialization, I find this course is the most valuable one. It is not telling you the basic algorithms like the first two courses, but telling you how to ANALYZE you project as a whole in each step, and where to go next. The first two tell you how to build, this one tells how to THINK.
Excellent guide work by Andrew NG,I really like the way he delivers the intuitions or insights from deep networks. The most important think when working with these kind of project is to look below find what you missed in considering higher level extraction.  I'm really inspired by his work and keep the advice to improve performance for all projects.
Maybe its different and should help us not just thinking of Algorithms and models ,we should think out of box and think of the error from different approaches as human relative to the machine, think of the data we have, think of different distribution of the data, trying to knowing with different  approaches how we should care about of these error.
This is a very good course. Worth taking. I am currently a data scientist and in my daily work I face a lot of data mismatch problems and I have no idea what to do after error analysis. This provides a very good guideline of how to structure our deep learning projects and what should be the thinking logics behind. Thank you Andrew I really love it.
Have taken a formal 1 year course from a prominent Institute but these kind of concepts were never covered there. The beauty of this course and all courses by Andrew Ng is that they are so simple and easy to understand that one can't help but only understand the concepts. Best methodology and delivery of teaching I have found online. Thanks a lot.
Excellent course and well presented material. I would like to recommend all the ML engineers to review this course before starting actual development. This course explains different intuitions and techniques with reasons what to choose, where to apply and when to apply.Great course. Enjoyed a lot. Thanks Andrew for your precious time and efforts.
So far the course I found most useful in the deep learning specialization.Does away with the copy-paste programming tasks, compacts everything into two weeks and gives a lot of valuable insight on the proper mindset to make a machine learning project work.The flight-simulator quizzes really made you think and reflect on what the lectures taught.
Having followed this course I have learned how to address common problems that I have found in the evaluation of performance of my neural net based on fed datasets. I am now able to reason much better (thoughtful)  on the problems that I encounter having learned some error analysis techniques which have been addressed in this course. Thumbs up!
I really liked the programming assignments in the two previous courses (although, it was usually not enough challenging for me). In this course, I found "case study" assignments very useful and exciting. So far, I am very satisfied with the DeepLearning Specialization; I will definitely continue to the 4th and 5th course. Many thanks for it!
I thought it's a trivial course and I didn't expect that much. HOWEVER, I must say this is one of the most important courses EVER in ML. SO MUCH I should larn before doing my dissertation. I really don't need to DIY so many things. Thank you, teacher Andrew for sharing the treasure experience. I really learn many concepts from your lecture!
Wow. This course is densely packed with really great *practical* and well-justified advice, based on Prof. Ng's extensive experience. There's lots of wisdom here for taking the step from understanding 'in principle' how machine learning can be applied, to having practical understanding of the techniques to get it to really work in practice.
Very interesting course to avoid common pitfalls and have already some developed intuition without having worked in any ML project before. The case studies in the quiz are extremely helpful as some concepts can be a bit confusing and they help clarify the doubts you might have in the subtleties between the different situations you may find.
"Structuring
Machine Learning Projects" provide so many good practices in how to
correctly implement Deep Learning Models, troubleshoot them and make them
better, the tips and recommendations are excellent, highly recommended to
anyone interested in deep learning this is a fantastic Course, thanks to
everyone that make this Course possible.
When you deiced to join AI teams, you need to tackle out-of-the-blue and state-of-the-art problems. Managing this kind of situations aren't easy and need different tips and tricks based on the problem statements. This course come up with brilliant ideas to make up your mind in these challenges. Great job! Coursera and deeplearning.aiThanks
The concepts taught in this course are giving very basic foundations which are essential to build deep learning career. I no longer scared to talk confidently about a model in terms of bias, variance, error etc. Though this course was scheduled for 2 weeks, because of interest that it created, I am able to complete it in a day. Thank you.
This course gives a very intuitive understanding for analysing performance of neural networks and strategies to go about improving them. Also liked the introduction for Transfer Learning. The quiz which was kind of a pilot simulator for machine learning project, is excellent in understanding the decision making process for such use-cases.
Really well structured material! Don't be fooled by the lack of assignments, though; this course is pretty theoretically challenging. Pay extra attention to all the data distribution lectures - they are bound to come in handy in practical use. I learnt tons of really useful information from this course. As usual, hats off to Prof. Andrew!
This course provides a lot of interesting topics, which are general things to understand before taking on any deep learning project. I highly recommend listening to this course. It widened my view on projects I work on.Quizzes on the other hand are bit of a mess on this course (however they are giving enough challenge to apply the theory)
Another set of insightful patterns from Andrew' (as well as his team') experience was stitched well together. Definitely, most of the discussions were thought-provoking for someone who is late entrant in this space. Some more reading (optional) could have added to enable us to understand more common problems in Machine Learning projects.
This course is extremely valuable for any Machine Learning student. It covers a lot of important concepts that need to be used even for simple ML tasks (not deep learning). This course provides a framework to iterate on your problems and I believe that will make the most difference in how fast you are able to achieve desired performance.
Really unique content. People do talk about this stuff but providing access to these learnings in a structured manner i amazing. I feel I could now lead my efforts in DL project much more efficiently. I felt the case studies were amazing. I wish we had more of those available to us to practice. But, nonetheless, great work. Thanks much!
Excellent course overall! The course structure is very well made, Andrew is an amazing teacher and explains everything in a very detailed and intuitive way. The tests are a great way for practicing what was explained in the lectures. Strongly recommend this course to anyone interested in the topic and that have the required background.
This is an excellent overview of the points that someone taking up an ML/DL project should keep in mind. Though this is not a comprehensive guide, which is understandable given the stipulated duration online courses like this are meant for, this is a definitive guide to give someone a nice head start into structuring his ML/DL project.
Nice intuitions of what to do when you need to improve model, and believe me, you will! :D If you set up your local jupyter lab and start playing with deep learning, you will quickly see that this course is gold in order to optimize you DL algorithms!(its all about getting that loss to 0.0000001! :P) Don't understimate this teachings!
This, in my opinion, is the most important course in the specialization! It teaches you how to plan your machine learning project, which errors and challenges can rise during implementation and how can you deal with them. Personally, I feel it helped me a lot as I currently try to plan my machine learning project as part of my thesis.
I learned a lot about different strategies to chose for getting fast and much better out come from this course. Also downloaded the book mlyearning written by Dr. Andrew. So that i will have all this in my hand when i will need this strategies to review. Thank you Andre Ng for giving this much information. You are the best I love you.
thanks for providing good insights on how to approach a machine learning application and where not to waste valuable efforts. I think Mr Ng has been very thoughtful to setup the structuring part as a dedicated course which highlights the importance of setting right goals and not to lose our direction during the development iterations.
Compared with the previous two courses in this special, this course is more practical and useful when we are actually trying to solve real-world problems. After taking this course, one will have a clearer mind in terms of making the most out of data from different sources as well as coming up with better solutions to certain problems.
Absolutely LOVED this course: with the two "case study" you can really get a sense of what does it mean to set up a real ML/DL project and how to address the problems you may (and you're very likely to) face by building up or leading a ML/DL project.If you're thinking about learning Deep Learning, this course is absolutely NECESSARY!
This is my third course in the deep learning specialization. I have learned a lot related to different strategies with machine learning projects. The concepts are easily explained with practical examples. The assignments are also very helpful for applying in real machine learning projects. Thank you professor Ng. You are the best!!!!
This is a great course for anyone new to machine learning. It focuses on the core challenges one may face while carrying out machine learning projects. Overall, it is a must take for people new to the field,professionals,hobbyists,etc .Thank you Andrew Ng for being a great instructor, I look forward to completing the specialization.
Excellent course and very interesting !! Allows you to analyze real ML problems and supports you with the basic and essential skills needed to develop ML algorithm and evaluate its performance and how to approach the issues that one can encounter during the iterative process, what are the options, which is the best to go with, etc.
Really good course to develop an approach to NN problems. I thank you Sir Andrew Ng for all the courses that you have made available on Coursera. It has been an really awesome experience learning about neural networks from you. I will finish the remaining courses and recommend it to people who want to pursue a career in ML and AI.
This is a practical course, extremely helpful for those who have met so many troubles in realworld projects. It is quite helpful for startups, where we can implement those ideas immediately. On the other hand, the transfer learning and end-to-end learning paradigms might be very useful but challeging in big companies and sectors.
This is one amazing course because it exposes you to a 'real' ML/DL problem. As a newbie I learned a lot and hope that in future I will once again do it as a ML research/development Engineering Manager. This is something very practical and now while doing big projects I will consider the learning of this course. Thanks Andrew Ng.
Exceptional, one of a kind strategic course for ML practitioners. The amount of wisdom and knowledge shared in this concise course would definitely save any budding ML engineers from the common pitfalls that many teams may still face. It also sets the foundation stone for cultivating prospective machine learning project leaders.
Consider this a course on best practices. I found fundamental advises on how to best carry a ML project from scratch, regarding the first model you should choose, how to perform on different scenarios, how to choose systematically your train/dev/test set and so on. The project simulator is a must, I wish they put more of those.
The teaching in this course is so invaluable for interpreting the results. Now, I believe I can understand my models' accuracy based on professors teaching. The professor teaching contains unique knowledge and experience, where you can't reach via the internet, library or asking your university professors. Thank you, Prof. Ng.
I think this course was very valuable in teaching insights about how to think about and formulate ML/DL problems. The case study quizzes were really good and made you think. I hope coursera expands on these case study quizzes for future version of this course as well as introduce them into other courses of this specialization.
This course is a summary of Andrew's experience. I've yet listened this nuts and bolts from Andrew speech(you can find it on youtube) but there are some precious advice that are so much valuable. I'll recommend this course to everyone who want to start a carer in DL. Big thanks to Andrew, the Deeplearning.ai team and Coursera.
This course taught me recipes about conducting a machine learning project. I'm now more confident about being a machine learning project lead. The assignments are interesting because they are case studies of real situations, where decisions need to be taken in order to iterate and converge to a better machine learning model.
This course really help me to understand exactly how to make decision to distribute the data sets, what to do with the new data set, how to examine the error, how to use previous model as a transfer model for other classification, what is multi-tasking and many moreThank you for your support and sharing of your knowledge :)
This course was most useful as Andrew explains practical engineering challenges and valuable tips to overcome them!As a technology architect, I am more interested in predictable, guaranteed results and can guide my my ML engineering team to make the right choices in given real-world uncertainties and engineering challenges.
This course provides us an overview of the errors we have to encounter while solving a machine learning problem and shows us a clear direction of overcoming those. Though the contents are not mathematical but these information will help us to deal with machine learning projects in efficient way. I really liked this course.
The course is very practical and also leads you to learn the real challenge you will encounter while working on machine learning project. While it's easy to follow as the previous courses, you need to think more strategically. I would recommend bringing an idea or a project you are planning and apply what you learned here.
The course really streamlines and puts forth a structured approach to go for delivering a machine learning solution to a problem. It helps to complete my project in 2-3 months instead of a year that sometimes some of my colleagues take. They need to look at this course. Also the interview with Ruslan was very informative.
Really liked this course, especially the case studies, where the task is clear and possible scenarios are explained. Have to response in the most promising way using the knowledge obtained during the previous 2 courses. Really appreciate this experience. Only wish is to have more case studies in the other courses as well.
Great course.  The pragmatic insights were invaluable.  I think addressing problems such as missing input data and data preparation would help.  I also think a programming assignment that explores these ideas would help.  You could take the sign language number exercise from week 2 and explore some of the ideas this week.
I can confidently say that this course has content which is only unique to this course. To my knowledge no other course has topics like Avoidable bias, Bayes optimal error, Error analysis and emphasis on train, dev & test set data distribution mismatch. This course is definitely a must for any Deep learning practitioner.
Looking at the title of this course I predicted that it will be regarding to teach me how to organise the source code files of ML project and more specifically how to build a ML project and components of deep learning project but it was all about DEBUGGING ml project so for me this was in off beat course from its title.
Extremely useful, practical techniques for deep learning projects. I feel much more able to construct my own neural networks, diagnose and solve issues with them after following this course. Professor Ng is a gifted teacher. His style is careful, methodical and never less than very well prepared and deeply enlightening.
Its really nice to get the valuable insight of managing an AI project, this course not only thought us about deep learning, but also how to manage them efficient and take smart decision. I like the concept of Transfer learning as it can same a lot of efforts and time to build an system for complex. Thank you very much.
I am very lucky to be able to learn from Andrew the DOs and DON'Ts of how to develop a successful practical deep neural network for real applications. It would take a machine learning developer many years of working experience to acquire any one of the topics that Andrew articulated in this course. Thank you so much!!!
I've decided to take this course after seeing its feedback from other people and the comment which got me was the following: "This course is could be summarized as a machine learning master giving useful advice". I think it perfectly describes the course's content. This course is definitely worth investing time into.
Amazing tips shared for structuring machine learning projects, which were ignored in most of the other ML books. Building a model is one thing, but tuning it to make it work better in the real world is more important which this course focuses. Thanks Prof. Andrew Ng for the consistent support of spreading knowledge!
Although, this course of specialization was simple with no assignment still the case studies were quite informative. I would suggest to include a case study related to google machine learning for navigation and voice recognition. We youth can easily relate to this case study. Overall this course was a full package.
This is a very helpful class. I have been working on machine learning projects for years. This course provides methods to systematically trouble shoot problems in a machine learning project. Despite all the samples are using neural networks, the methodology can be applied to improve other machine learning projects.
Excellent course on managing through the thick of bias/variance tradeoffs. Been doing a lot just based on things I have picked up through experience, but this course puts a the quantitative rigor and discipline behind the art. The sections on transfer and end to end deep learning were eye opening sections for me.
This course is strategically very important so congrats on making itI would add a programming assignment including transfer learning or multi-task learning implementation due to the multiple cases of use that are today in the industry. Thanks again for making this Wonderfull material available to the community ^^
Very useful course for understanding nuances of AI and different useful techniques in strategizing the approaches. Extremely useful in architecting, designing and delivery of the complex solutions involving AI (even as a sub-component). Prof. Andrew Ng is always a pleasure and honor to learn from. Thank You Sir!
Really inspiring course, and UNIQUE. No other class, I think, provide these suggestions on the big question "what's next?" in ML projects. The videos are a bit weirdly sequenced. But they provide very systematic ways of project starting, data splitting, model evaluating, problem finding and tuning. Great course!
This a course on key practices one should have when developing a ML project. Once again Andrew Ng is very pedagogical, teaching sometimes complex concepts in a easy to understand and practical way. I particularly liked the case studies, where the learned concepts had to be put into practice for decision taking.
What a great session! Full of practical advice and strategies to help you iterate fast. Prof. Andrew draws on his years of hands-on experience at top companies to put together the best practices for structuring your machine learning projects. This has been the most valuable course in this series for me so far!
super helpful! something that's really valuable in-terms of optimally organizing the thought process i should use to approach an issue i want to solve with Deep Learning. also, the Quizzes in this course (in-particular) were very important for me because it helped ingrain the tenets of this course in my mind.
In the course, I learned how to divide train set, dev set, and test set, and how to solve the problem of different distributions of train set and test set. Impressive is the transfer learning. Transfer learning is a very effective way to help me provide a completely different approach to solving new problems.
What can be better than this, a highly qualified and passionate individual explaining what he has observed and learnt from the mistakes of other professionals , those who themselves are one of the smartest brains so that we don't make mistakes or waste our time realizing that we were hitting something wrong.
Excellent course to understand the ML project pipeline and then to analyse the various problems that could pop up during an ML project. The tips and tricks that we obtain from this course to address those problems are really valuable and unmatched. It is truly one of its kind course from the master itself!
This is a good course to get a feel of real projects and insights on how to go about executing them.I got some good tips to approach a deeplearning project.I don't know if this is too short of a course but I would trust Andrew Ng if he thinks this is fine to get a sense of deep learning projects.Thank you.
The content is very unique and extremely insightful in how to structure a machine learning project. As a machine learning practitioner, I can personally vouch for the usefulness of the suggestions made by Andrew NG. Had I known all of this before, it would have saved me a lot of time on numerous projects.
This is the best ML course I have taken so far. A lot of ideas around train/dev/test sets, bias variance trade-off and difference of data distributions between train and dev sets snapped into place for me. I am sure it will take me a while to internalize this content but I feel like I have found the path.
Brings a lot of useful insight of how to tune the model more from the data point instead of the model or algorithms. This could be super helpful in solving real world problems. Also the two case study homework helped me a lot to get a better understanding of what Andrew meant in his lecture. Great course.
The thing is to get started, sir Andrew has given huge insights in working of Neural Networks and driven us through the different parts of the journey. This is not just a course but a story that every Deep Learning enthusiast must go through to see the difference. Eye opening Experience. Thank You Andrew
Another amazing course on deep learning and machine learning in general! This course gives you amazing insight into how you could strategize while running a machine learning project. I enjoyed going through the content of this course a lot, but not as much as the case studies! they seemed very realistic.
Good practical tips for planning out your machine learning projects. Every machine learning engineer should check out this course as it will be really helpful in planning your machine learning projects and allocating time for tasks in the project. And as usual, great, lucid instruction by Andrew Sir! :)
Great course by Prof Ng. I had taken his Machine Learning course a few years ago, so expected high standards of content and assignment preparation - I was not disappointed. Staff is very responsive and helpful in forums as well. I highly recommend it. Taken as part of the DeepLearning specialization.
Amazing course where Andrew NG shares his advice on how to work with datasets of different distributions etc. Coming from such an experienced practitioner is so helpful.The Quizes are really helpful as they deal with case study and really make you feel like you're in the spotlightLoved this course!!!
The two quizzes of this course were unique. Never came upon such a quiz in any other online course. Along with the videos and supplementary pdfs, this course was quite unique and important in every aspect. I will use the approach I learnt here on my next ML projects. Thanks to Andrew Ng and the team.
Really good course. As a machine learning practicioner I discover new ways to attack a machine learning problem. It taught me where should I focus to achive my goals faster. I think that in the exams they could give a little more explanation of why some answer is wrong. Overall an excellent course.
Very good course. Professor Ng explains very well why some strategies are better than others and how a deep learning practitioner or team can save a huge amount of working hours by following the instructions taught in this course. There are also useful, in-depth discussions in the forum. Thank you!
Great practical insights of how to start a ML project, how to improve/optimize the system, how to identify and troubleshoot common problems in deep learning. The course provides comprehensive high level guidelines for anyone who uses machine learning, even without having any programming experience!
The course has practical content. When took in the Deep Learning Specialization I noticed that some parts of the material were already known from previous courses. Indeed, in previuos courses the repeated aspectes are presented from a different angle, but probably there is an area for limiting it.
It's like understanding deep learning: a team leader's perspective. Andrew may be the first instructor to give this kind of course. Based on his experience in building practical and large scale machine learning system in Google and Baidu, the course content is highly inspiring and worth listening.
As an Ops person by nature, i like to see methodology and structure along with systematic approaches to results - be they solutions or problem solving.  This course adds to that area, by providing best practices and ideas, it forms the basis from which these challenges can be addressed. Very good.
THE must have course for every machine learning enthusiast!! The course is very enjoyable with invaluable insights and expertise from a well-rounded deep learning practitioner. It greatly helps to clear the machine learning workflow and best practices to quickly develop, iterate and ship a model.
This course had no programming assignments. Yet I found it amazing. It truly gives you insight into how to engineer your projects to account for real world conditions. Liked the flight simulator analogy to this course. Accelerated learning is really the great benefit of following Andrew's advice.
I've done a Master degree in IA and the things covered in this course have never been addressed by any of my professors. Now I've been working in a Machine Learning team for the past two years now, and I believed these lessons would have been of great value, and would have saved me a lot of time!
This a great course on Deep Learning, the contents are so full of interesting information, actually, this course could also be called "Everything you wanted to know about Deep Learning (but were afraid to ask)".As always, Andrew delivers a great course, whose content is ready to put in practice.
This course is very helpful to learn best-practices and problem-solving strategies that can help improve our deep learning algorithms. While I think the ultimate way of learning is through practice, here you can at least get a list of things to try in the future as you work on these algorithms.
Although this was a bit hard for me to understand but still  through the quizzes i got an insight so as to where will these advice be applicable and where i can use what i studied.I am thankful to the teachers and a especial thanks to Coursera for giving me the opportunity to avail this course.
I think this part of the specialization is a great value key, and makes the difference with other courses, self learning books, etc. The contents of this individual course helps a lot into understand and improve knowledge studied in previous and next courses. I definitely recommend this course.
This is the one that talks a lot about how to struture DL projects. And many methods have been taught in this course including focusing on the error control, transfer learning, multi-task learning. After learning these methods, tuning a DL project or starting a DL project will be a lot easier.
This is a unique course that provides invaluable perspective on how to direct a deep learning project. Its value is derived from understanding the performance metrics ( the data about the data) and acting in a data driven way. Anyone in charge of a deep learning project should take this class.
This is really a greate course taking ont into the deep thoughts of how to structure deep learning projects. I teaches use how to analysis the various errors like human/bayes level error, training error, traing-dev error, dev error & test error, I learnt to anaylise errors and take decisions.
The lectures are arranged in a concise manner with only the necessary details. This is a shorter course than the other courses, but I learned a lot about different strategies of ML. The case study is also of top-notch which helped me to introduce to the application and various aspects of DL.
It has the best practice tips and top secret advises for Machine learning.It really simple and clear. I love it too much.Especially, the exams, A lot of effort is done on it. And the instructors notice which best way to absorb this deep concepts in this course by flight simulation techniques
Thank you so much team and NG sir. What a simple explanation of everything. Love you guys and god bless you and your team sir. Honestly, no word to say how simply NG sir explains all the concepts.  Hard work team. Love from India. and do yoga to boost your immune and stay safe from Covid19.
Covers some interesting points, particularly around introducing external data to your training set that doesn't match the distribution of the dev/test sets. Andrew Ng offers practical advice for running projects using Deep Learning techniques and how they differ from traditional approaches.
I was sceptical at first, it seemed that the course would just teach a lot of theory which won't be relevant. I am happy to say that I was wrong, the course gave me a better understanding of how to take various decisions for a particular machine learning problem. I liked this course a lot.
It teaches the decision making process whenever you're working on a real- world probelm. You should grasp all the ideas into your brain very well. I think this is very important as per in the field of deeplearning.This course is very rare, and it provides best case scenarios to test with.
I love this course very much and I would strongly recommend this course to other DL colleague. It is truly that DL is a highly empirical process which needed to be more systematic. In this course, I have learned many methods to make DL more controllable and predictable. Nice Job! Thanks!
Well, once again I'm so happy and very satisfied of the content proposed in this Course by Prof. Andrew Ng. Thanks a lot for this valuable content and for always making it easy to understand. I'm getting more and more knowledge in DL which happens to be  very usefull for my Phd project.
In my experience with Machine learning, we usually spend more time checking the algorithm than checking the best distribution of our data. In this course, Professor Andrew teaches us the need and obligation to create a correct distribution of our data with examples from the real world.
Extremely helpful for a beginner so as to think like a machine learning problem solver. I think there should be more quiz added to this course with  scenario like given in two quiz. I have never enjoyed any course so much by taking same quiz again and again to get better understanding.
In the bloom of Deep Learning/Machine Learning industries, know how to build a project is more important and a priority to know what knowledges to build that project. Break the problems, take each step follow the guide and avoid common pitfalls in process, this course will satisfy you.
this is definitely the best course i had taken. it has just 2 weeks, but it was the hardest. i will definitely come back to see the teachings here explained to check up if i'm thinking correctly so i don't make much mistakes in taking a direction in projects.definitely recommended!!!
The case study format for quizzes was highly effective in helping me uncovering gaps in my knowledge that I didn't know were there.  I would have liked to see at least one more case study per week.  One per week just wasn't enough.Overall good course with a few minor video glitches.
I found this course really interesting because it gives many details on what path to follow to achieve better results not only depending on the amount of data we have but also taking into account some small details that can make a difference when starting machine learning projects.
A very well systematic approach explained, to structure ML projects.Can be grasped and implemented by anyone, let it be a beginner or some expert.Really liked the idea of case study in quiz. (Wait ! How about extending this idea into some coding exercise ? Would be some real fun !)
There is no coding in this course, but you learn a lot of how to design a Deep Learning Study.  I learned a lot about the distribution of Training/Dev/Test sets and how to diagnose problems when a neural network is not performing as well as anticipated or if it is performing well.
Outstanding course.  Many of the points made in this course mirror the hard earned knowledge I gained back when I worked on Dynamic Rank search engine focused neural networks.This may end up being my favourite of the 5 courses but let's see if the last two have more math first. :)
This part of the specialization is short but it includes a lot of valuable information. Many of the tips are quite basic engineering best practices which most engineers should find natural, but some are very specific to deep learning and these are particularly useful to newcomers.
This is truly some information you'll never get in a standard class setting; this is more similar to compiling years of ML experience into short packets of advice that will guide your decisions for years to come. Extremely helpful, and recommended for all deep learning engineers.
This course is really what any PhD would need to conduct his research in more time saving and efficient manner. It would be great if coding was accompanied (even if only running and watching results) to touch all aspects of analysis and suggested improvements could be visualized.
To Andrew and team (mentors and organizers), I am glad I opted for this course! You guys give such great insight on approaching and solving a Deep Learning problem, I don't think I would have ever found a better introductory course on Neural Nets. Thank you so much, everyone!!!!
One of the most important course in this series . This course actually helps you visualize the problems and standstills you might face when you are working on a model in real life. It also talks about practical solutions to improve your model that are valuable in the tech world.
An unique course. I don't think such a course is offered by any MOOC. I would suggest every DL enthusiast to take this course.The programming assignments are very challenging. It forces us to think abstractly to find solutions encountered during real life Deep Learning problems.
Despite this course is labeled as basic level, it contiains very useful information related to strategy of developing ML projects. And use cases prepared by prof. Ng and his team is what you will get only by practice. It really helpful to structure what was learned by this day.
A great insight into how to improve the performance of the deep learning system without having to actually spend long hours/days and working on real project. Learnt a lot in improving the model's performance and where to look for the errors and how to invest time in debugging.
I totally agree with your flight simulator analogy. This really helps me to learn your experience in practising machine learning knowledge; which otherwise I need to spend many years of doing "try and error"Thank you very much for your kind sharing of your practical experience
As always, very well structured material considering the nature of the content and trying to make it understandable and make sense. I also appreciate that it is rooted in real-life experience which serves to make me pay really close attention to everything that is being said.
This course teaches the trade off between Bias, Variance, Data Mismatch . You will learn how to split data and how to evaluate your model. It also covers error analysis systematically. It gives many examples of transfer learning, multi-task learning, and end-to-end learning.
Very refreshing to learn about also the more practical aspects of machine learning project like organising, structuring and executing the projects. The course definitely gives me more ideas now on what to do when starting a project and what to look into when facing problems.
Very useful guidelines for approaching projects! This topic is rarely addressed in comparison to the discussion of modeling techniques, however, in the real-world application, the trade-offs on where to start and how to proceed are just as important as the model themselves.
I have learned tremendous things about machine learning projects which I feel if I have not learned and started any machine learning project than it would have taken me many months or years to complete. Now i know how I could complete my project efficiently and effectively.
I can only say that I am amazed how I much learned by just watching the few videos of this course. It is so short but still contains plenty of new information. It also helped me at work by giving me a deeper understanding of how to approach various problems. Awesome course!
This is a very good course that which should be helpful for project managers/leaders that tells on which direction should the machine learning team to go as it gives techniques and intuitions on how to decide on which direction should a certain machine learning project go.
This is an excellent course and I was able to understand with clear explanation, example and practice cases on how to improve the Deep Learning workflow in order to make the right decisions on what direction the team need to take to improve the DL model. Highly recommended
I have decided to reserve 5 star ranking exclusively for Professor Andrew Ng. I did a course which was learning to learn which was quite good. A course by Prof. Andrew Ng titling "learning how to teach" would do tremendously in propelling the world of data science forward.
I loved this course. Although there wasn't any exercise other that quiz, this was pretty interesting and gave me a lot of ideas to try. I was wondering about how transfer learning would work before this, and now I know how it works! I am looking forward to the next course.
This course confirms the capacity of Andrew Ng to teach complex topics in a simple way. The course is full of advices and trick to structure and to success with machine learning projects. Suggested for people that already took courses on machine learning and deep learning.
Having concluded the first three courses I have to note that in my opinion this is the most important course because it offers pure ml exprerience, something you cannot find easily. Moreover the simulators were excellent way to test your ability to apply all the concepts.
Even after working in the field for many years, I find that I learn something new in every video. Andrew really captures well what is important from both practical and theoretical perspectives and is a master at explaining concepts in a simple, but not dumbed down manner.
For me, this is the best course between the first three courses of this specialization. The content here is the fruit of the experience of the professor and can not be found easily on the internet neither in books. Congratulations DeepLearning.ai for this amazing course.
I initially underestimate the value of this course. But it turns out that it gives very good insights on how to start tackling a problem with a DL mindset. Also, I learned about Transfer Learning and Multi-Task learning which I think its an amazing plus from this course.
Don't let the lack of programming exercises fool you into thinking this isn't as important as the other courses in this specialisation. Professor Ng offers a summary of years of ML experience, as well as a sneak-peek of real world projects and how we should tackle them.
I want to recommend this course because from it I get knowledge that can explain some of the confusions during my experience of building ML projects. I think in all probability I will encounter much more troubles if I've not got this course. Thanks, Andrew and Coursera!
This course is a fantastic guideline to some very real problems that I am working on in the industry. Thank you, deeplearning.ai team, for breaking down research practices into more definable steps. I already see how I can be more efficient in solving some DL problems.
This course is a solid continuum from the first two courses of this specialization. With the added twist of insider information from Prof Andrew Ng, a tried-and-tested practitioner of this Deep Learning art. The Machine Learning Simulation is pure genius! Ahsante Sana.
This is the most useful and unique course among all other materials of deep learning. It addresses the problem of trouble shooting for deep learning, which is the most daunting and mysterious. In fact, the note of this class will be a guide line for my future projects.
At first, I was worried because the course doesn't have any programming assignments, but just after finishing the first quiz, I realized that this might be the greatest course I've ever taken in my life (till the moment). The quizzes were very knowledgeable & helpful.
Professor Andrew Ng was astounding in the way he explained the concepts, also, like the famous machine learning course, all of the courses in this specializations were great in terms of quizzes and assignments that help have a complete grasp of the subject. Thank you.
I enjoy Andrew's approach to managing AI projects. He hits on very real issues we encounter when young, enthusiastic scientists want to solve problems with ML, but get lost in the numbers and multitude of possible next steps to take top improve the quality of a model.
This course is a little bit hard for me, because I never heard these concept before. But through this course, I got a lot of new ideas to start my own machine learning project, and use these knowledge in practice. Thanks for the nice course and I will keep learning!
Though we learn different machine learning models to train, we might miss the logical key practices and struggle  and waste lot of time while training to achieve better results. This course teaches those important practices to efficiently implement the ML projects.
Very helpful course. This course is very helpful that I got to know the things beyond the technical details of the neural network. About selecting test and dev set distribution, transfer learning, error analysis , end to end deep learning etc. Thank you Coursera...
I have learnt algorithms theory of machine learning and how to use them into data mining. However, I’m not good at ML strategy, so I can’t build a very well model. Through this course, I know many methods to improve models which I build before. Thank you very much!
Amazing Course ... different structuring strategies involving  Orthogonalization, Single number evaluation metric, Carrying out error analysis, and how Cleaning up incorrectly labelled data including Transfer Learning are Beautifully explained by Andrew Ng...KUdos
The best part of this course was the "ML Flight Simulator" questionnaires (peacotopia, auto-driving). These real life examples and grading on that is the best thing. It helps you learn and interpret the concepts much nicer. I wish there were more of such examples.
This course has been really insightful into how we should work with machine learning projects. True, that most of the ideas discussed here are not covered in normal university curriculum. Thanks a lot to Professor Ng for coming out with this really helpful course.
According to me, It is a very good course. In this course, they have taught about what can be the best practice to handles errors in the projects. They have taken different scenarios and gave us what can be the best choice that you can take to handle the problem.
Once a person has a knowledge of how to become a developer in the prevoius courses, this course gives you the knowledge to escalate from developer to a project architect. It teaches crucial techniques required to guide the training model to produce better result.
I feel this is an extremely important course for all aspiring deep learning practitioners: being good is not only about knowing the algorithms and architectures, but also how to best manage your time and choose the most promising avenues to explore. A rare course
This was a much needed course after the 2nd one in this specialization! This course provides a clear and essential picture that is needed during development stage as well as shows the scopes of applying different techniques/blocks that were taught in course two.
Shows methods for improving performance of deep learning setups in a time efficient manner. I like that deciding what to try next for improving a deep learning setup's performance  is a recurring topic in Andrew Ng's courses. Knowing this can save a lot of time.
Very well structured (pun intended) and informative course! Andrew makes a fantastic job transfering his knowledge to his students. I gained very much insight in general for prioritizing different tasks in machine learning projects and planing the future steps.
This class, although short, was very interesting and serves as a useful guide to aid in building a deep learning model from scratch.  The quizzes are really interesting as well as it makes you think about a step-by-step process in your own model implementation.
A fantastic course.  I believe the strategies presented are practical and powerful in actually developing a deep learning system. I very much look forward to encountering those first problems and using these strategies to guide my model development. Well done!!
Great course covering topics that are not seen anywhere esle and are probably highly udnerestimated. The graded simulations are a very good idea that could be used in other courses as well. Professor Ng excellent performance is no surprise for anyone having fol
This strategic thinking for planning ahead will absolutely save tons of times of ML developers when building a real-world ML system. This course gave me a lot of thinking points, even without programming assignment. Thanks professor Ng, Mentors, and classmates!
Excellent course on how to analyze errors of machine learning applications. This material provides good ways to improve the speed of iteration over any machine learning project. This class is unique as professors rarely provide this kind of insights. Thank you!
the tips are given by Andrew Ng...that is the best for any machine learning project... I think everyone should try this course for performing better on the ML projects...once again thank u Andrew for this such a good content...highly recommended for everyone.
This course has given me a systematic insight of machine learning project, which helps me to handle the machine learning problem from a global point of view. I'm eager to apply these knowledge in real machine learning project to better understand the essence.
A very much essential course for a ML team manager.. In-depth insights into the error analysis and to study the performance of the network in different perspectives. Hats-off to Prof.Andrew Ng for very nice demonstrations with lots of examples and case study.
Worth the time and effort. Although this course did not contain the programming aspects, but it was helpful nevertheless. This course actually taught me how to properly go about my machine learning project and how to troubleshoot if I encounter some problems.
This course give me direction to structure my project in better way. Content of this course was really awesome and most amazing part was the flight simulator for machine learning. Thank you Andrew Ng sir for beautifully presenting the idea, thank you so much.
Short course but i think this is the most important course out of the 3 as it is more applied. Everything in this course is new to me... , had to read the discussion for help on the quiz. Hope to appreciate what i learn after i start my deep learning project!
Knowing the algorithms alone doesn't help much in developing ML applications. We should be able to tackle any problem and drive our project towards the intended goal.This course provides some handy tips and tactics for the same.Well taught as usual. Cheers!!!
This course is very useful. The 'Simulator' is very cool. After finishing the homework, I have a better understanding on how do deal with a real project. I'm trying to solve a problem in my work, I think this skills mentioned in the course will help me a lot.
This course was directed towards giving more of a general perspective on an ML project. Although it was a brief one, it gives enough insight to continue and develop on the concepts taught. The best part as always is the inspiring and motivational guest talk.
It's really nice to have Andrew share his practical knowledge and experience. Paying careful attention to data distributions and doing ErrorAnalysis to learn where to focus your efforts are valuable insights. Thanks for making us all better DL practitioners.
This course gives you a good understanding of how to approach deep learning projects and machine learning problems in general. After this course you should feel more comfortable understanding how to structure your projects and better optimize your time use.
Andrew provided lots of information in a two-week period due to this the course feels more dense than the previous two. The quiz has also been more challenging. Overall though, it is still top notch teaching from the best. Looking forward to Course 4 and 5.
Prof.Nag and Team, had really gave immense effort to make things brain friendly. Really appreciate the effort to make this so easy going, but conceptually very high content. Recommend not to finish over night, but trick is to go slow and grasp the content.
This course is very important as it offers solutions that don't exist in literature to tackle real DL problems.  Andrew Ng is basically teaching you from his vast experience. I highly recommend it esp. for those who want to design / implement DL products.
Outstanding course with immense amount of real-world cases from industry. However, there is no programming tasks here in this course and I was feeling a lack of programming assignments a bit. But overall, the theory and case studies are just incredible.
I think despite being more theoretical course than the previous ones, it is still one of the most important courses in this specialization as we learn about how to handle a real life project and mitigate the problems that arise in a more systematic way.
The content is super useful. I have struggled in my previous projects with many problems discussed in this course. It is great to hear Andrew Ng's opinion and his suggestions will definitely help me push the next project better into the right direction.
I think this course covers the cases where I tend to bog down and waste time, and has provided me with useful and practical guidelines to get out of them. You should not underestimate the value of this course, just because there is no coding assignment.
Helpful context for a person such as me who is changing careers to the Data Science field.  Would be easy to focus only on the mechanics of ML/DL and ignore the broader context of how to really pull a ML project together and make the effort effective.
This part of the course is really unique and provides an understanding of what are the challenges that you could as a Machine Learning engineer. The problem of the exercise was really great in terms of planning and execution of the real-world problem.
This course is very good at establishing the fundamentals of 'problem analysis' - something which a lot of analysts actually struggle with.  I enjoyed it and found the examples helpful to think through the various steps and types of ML applications.
Learned a lot about dealing with datasets where training data and test data might not have the same distribution. In a practical deep learning project, a lot of decisions are strategic and this course will definitely help in making better decisions.
Another great course from Andrew Ng. You will learn how to manage deep learning project and get to know some clever ideas of approaching the project from managerial perspective. You will also get to know important people in deep learning community.
Pretty important course in my opinion. I had skipped this course last year when I was new to deep learning. One year later after working on some deep learning projects, I feel this course makes a lot of sense to me and I wish I had done it before.
I do not think you will find this expert advice elsewhere. And the extended scenarios which the quizzes test give the feeling that I now have real experience (although I do not) making high level decisions about guiding a machine learning project.
An excellent overview of a rarely discussed subject.  Often lost amidst the seemingly daily discoveries of new deep learning tricks is need to apply deep learning in real applications.  This course did a great job of addressing the latter concern.
One of the key courses in the specialization besides being short and tricky. The content of this course is  exactly that  which differentiates between a mere programmer from a data scientist or a machine learning engineer. Do not skip this course.
At the very beginning the course seemed to be about self-evident, even trivial things. Now I can't imagine it to be dropped out of the specialization.Thank you prof. Andrew Ng, you gave us a roadmap to move and saved from many blunders on the way.
A very insightful course detailing the problems encountered in a real-life deep learning pipeline. The solutions were very intuitively explained and the case study approach reinforced the concepts. The heroes interviews too were very interesting.
This course give a lot of insights about approaching a machine learning problem. It doesn't contain a lot of concepts or algorithms regarding ML itself, but the course will be very helpful for anyone interested in working on real life ML systems.
A really must have course for anyone who wants to enter the field of machine learning. The concepts being thought are crucial for creating effective solutions in the modern world. Andrew explains everything in a simple and down to earth approach
This course provides very specific information about best industry practices. When I started it I was ready to underestimate its value, but by the end I realized Andrew Ng provides many insights that one can get only through years of experience.
I think this course is one of the best course which teaches you how can you proceed your machine learning project in various situations and what measures to take while building a ML project. Hats off and thank you Andrew sir. Thank you coursera.
Very helpful to get an understanding of how to structure a machine learning project. Furthermore it is a great guide to get a first intuition on where to spend time or fix errors in a machine learning project and where to go on fast. Great work!
Amazing Courses for Deep Learning Specialization, help in making you good with basics needed, and apply the concepts in real-world applications. Thanks to Andrew Ng for the way he explains every topic so deeply and easily understandable manner.
It's an amazing course for people without ML experience overall. But if you have some experience (deep learning or not), you'll find a lot of basic tricks that you probably already used or figured out intuitively as you worked on some projects.
Knowing just theories won't guarantee one's success in a specific field like deep learning, theory, and experience are both what it takes to be so. This course conveyed not only theory but also many years of great experience from professor Ng.
This is one of the best courses in data science I have ever taken.  There are a lot of options out there for taking data science courses, but this one is key to getting organized and know how to proceed with a project  what to do at each step.
One of the most helpful 8 to 10 hours of instruction I have ever received in my life. Thanks a lot Andrew, and the entire team for putting this together. I will recommend this course to all my friends and colleagues working in the AI/ML space.
Perhaps the most important course out of the 5 courses, Professor Ng explains really important concepts often overlooked by a lot of machine learning/ deep learning tutorials. This course will really make your good algorithms great. Cheers! :)
the question on synthetic fog, I would love to know if someone answered to this one right from the first time. It is a designed trap to see if we are just listening to the class and applying or if we really think and work hard on each question
Awesome course. Hats off to Andrew for how this course is organized and presented. The simulator exercises are very good too. I'm yearning for more such exercises. It feels like I gained real-world experience without working at an AI company.
The case study approach to teach students is really awesome. This way the concepts that you learn in the course are so easily set up in your brain, it's just awesome. Thank you Andrew for your dedicated efforts to help us learn Deep Learning.
This was an interesting course which gave me an opportunity to really think about different machine learning problems and how to go about addressing these. I think the notes I took are going to prove invaluable as I go along in my AI journey.
this is the greatest course I have ever seen in machine learning and deep learning. it gives students the best practice for applying machine learning in real projects and gain a lot of experience from one of the best machine learning experts.
Practical tips distilled from years of hands-on experience delivered to be understood easily and intuitively. Will save a lot of time on getting started or getting accelerated on projects  esp. for those with beginner or intermediate  skills.
Andrew again delivered a great course!  He talked about his real-world experience in creating and delivering ML projects in this course that is super helpful.  I never see any other instructors who cover this important aspect of ML projects.
Great course! It would also be very helpful to have the final slides of handwritten notes by Andrew as .pdf files to take a look at the content later without having to watch the videos. This course is extremely helpful. Thanks to all of you!
this course is very wonderful. I was really impressed with the amount of information acquired and that will be very useful when developing my ML applications. thank you very much for these many years of experience transmitted in this course.
Amazing course taught by Professor Andrew Ng. I love the piratical insights that I gained through this course. I believe this course is a must have for someone who wishes to tackle deep learning problems in a systematic and organized manner.
Very instructive course, full of practical and actionable advice to focus on the right problems in an ML project. The "flight simulators" are concrete examples of decisions one has to make in an ML project and it is good to practice with it.
It does a great job of providing guidance on how you would plan a deep learning project.  Transfer learning in particular is a very intriguing approach to leveraging previous work to speed up training a new neural network for your new task.
Material is excellent, Andrew is a brilliant teacher. Learned a lot. (Minor complaint: week 2's questions are formulated in a confusing way, making it hard to answer correctly even if you've understood the material of the course perfectly.)
@Andrew Ng: Your statement "And I think that phonemes are an artifact created by human linguists. I actually think that phonemes are a fantasy of linguists." in: Whether to use end-to-end deep learning" Week 2, ROCKS !!!! GREAT and agree...
This is an excellent course for anyone in Deep Learning, Data Science, or Machine Learning. It is a little on the short side, but packed with good ideas about how to structure your projects when considering various differing data scenarios.
Exceptionally good course.It gives brief idea of how and what strategies should be used while approaching any problem or building the system .Also gives idea about how to improve the efficiency of already build system and upto what extend.
Excellent course that discusses a lot of details and nuances about machine learning and deep learning that are drawn from Andrew's own experience as a prominent researcher and pioneer in the field . I feel I gained a lot from this course .
This course helped me to systematically analyze errors in deep
learning implementations. The machine learning flight simulator is a great way quickly
learn how to address issues you would face in making practical machine learning
problems.
This Course is best for all level and it teaches in the best way to how to make your project to do well and how to suggest solution and how to detect problems in the training of the neural network. Thank you Andrew  for making this course.
Very useful introduction to the real applied machine learning procedures. This course enables us to know exactly what steps to take in different phases of a project, and could potentially saves us a lot of time by avoiding useless efforts.
"Experience can only be learnt by practicing" This course showed us some useful scenario which I think is very likely to be encountered in future projects. I think this will help to save time  to develop  deep learning model in the future.
Initially I thought It would be boring. But after taking the course, I feel the difference. Once again, Andrew Ng rocked it with composition of this course and quiz. I feel this is must course in deep learning, who is working in industry.
It's a theoretical approach of Machine Learning projects that gives a lot of awesome insights of many real world problems that you face when building your model. It's a short course with great insights ! I definitely recommend taking it.
Excellent class with practical advise to accelerate the application of best practices based on Andrew's experience.  I would highly recommend this to practitioners wanting to save a lot of time learning these best practices the hard way.
Excellent course on understanding how and what to prioritise in ML projects. Not just helpful for people leading ML teams, but also for people who are doing some independent projects. ML is a lot of fun when you do experiments for fun :)
Excellent Course, though it is an optional course, it is really worth taking it!The Use case studies are just excellent! You can really have a taste of the problems encountered when you have to manage a deep learning project. Great work!
Great tips!Minor issue: often the request for feedback for a lecture came right at the beginning of the lecture, covering big portion of the video ('was this video helpful'! ).  It was annoying (I couldn't figure out how to minimize it).
Amazing course. This course is really a practical understanding of what DL is. Apart from learning the algorithms practical aspects are very necessary for DL and this course provided me with the same.Thanks to ANDREW NG for this course.
Great and detailed strategies especially for people working on a machine learning projects. With good strategies, time and money may be saved. A really good complimentary material to Andrew's new digital book: Machine Learning Yearning.
Highly recommended as it helps one think how to improve their ML models. Just do a 60/40 split and hoping for the best result is not the way to go, and this course definitely helps unveiling how to remove bias and variance from a model.
this course has very practical and helpful advices to solve problems related to the deep learning algorithms. I believe those valuable advices and tips will be able to reduce tremendous times and efforts when you stuck with the problem.
One of the best tips to use in real ML consulting projects; Prof Andrew Ng is an awesome teacher and keeps you engaged , by giving relevant industry use cases for each topic being taught; This brings objectivity and motivation to learn.
Best course so far in specialization as technical stuff you can google and get tons of books and blogs for . But for real world insight into how to solve problems is a great thing to know and not easy to find out from other resources .
If it were possible I would give 6 stars! The most valuable deep learning course I'v ever seen. There many more technical courses but related knowledge can be found in books/on lectures. Knowledge learn from this course is exceptional.
Actually, the information in this course were very valuable since they could be only gained after long time of real practical experience. Transfer learning, multitask learning and error analysis topics are priceless. Great course IMO.
I think it will be more helpful for those who have actually worked on real ML project,for me, it's still kinda abstract and a little boring except for the  week 2 ,so it's worthwhile to learn it again once I get some experience in ML.
Course is time-consuming because it with high concentration with information. Would be maximum useful for those who have some experience in machine learning.I am very excited! Quizzes are so interesting and close to real life project.
An exceptional course to hone your skills, and develop efficient Machine Learning and Deep Learning systems to better address the problems faced in the real world. The added experiences of Andrew are an asset to the learning journey!
Really useful quiz questions. I liked this class a lot even though there were no programming exercises. Getting some insights into the facial recognition and image classification stuff before course 4 was also really nice. Thanks! :)
Good course with a lot of qualitative information that is quite useful. Giving it a 4 because it would have been great if there were accompanying Jupyter notebooks. It's a solid course overall and I recommend it to anyone interested.
This course is highly intuitive, practical and less mathematically complicated. Prof Andrew Ng uses many examples to elucidate concepts. Post learning one will be capable of choosing which direction to go in solving an ML/DL problem.
This was a great lecture from Andrew Ng. I have learned basics of error analysis, multi-task learning and structuring a machine learning project in general. This will be very useful staff for my professional career. Thank you Andrew!
Excellent point of view. many teach you how to do /write code to apply ML to your problem. in this course I felt they were teaching me how to understand the results and how to improve it. Extremely interesting for potential Managers
This course is exceptional since we can learn a lot with Andrew Yang's great experience with Machine Learning Projects. It'd also like to suggest to add new classes about powerful and newer techniques, such as feature visualization.
These are most toughest things, in which people takes 100 of hours to explain and still people confuse. But by doing this course within a 4 hrs span you will have a decent knowledge. Kudos!! to entire team and thanks a lot AndrewNG
This course covers lots of practical advice and techniques resulting from real world project experience by the author. I highly recommend this course to anyone involved in deep learning projects, even if not in a technical position
this course very important other than previous courses because we need to understand the data and split the data set across the train, dev and test and making strategies for training the dataset using model. Thanks for this course.
Great course with some awesome insights into structuring the analysis of machine learning models.  Definitely picked up a ton of strategies, tips, and tricks that I will be using as a I move forward with my machine learning career!
The mindful advice does not only deepen your understanding in deep learning, but also stimulate creative thinking in my own PhD research in a total different field. It is also enjoyable to watch the interviews, which I favor a lot.
Dear Prof Andrew Ng, grateful to you and your team for yet another excellent course in Deep Learning specialization. ML Strategy teaches us important practical aspects which are absolutely essential for the success of ML projects.
This course give a substancial idea of how to deal with Machine Learning project.It is only a two week course with 3-4 hours per weekd but is at the same price as the others.Though it is still an excellent course that I recommend.
This course gives insight on how to use deep learning algorithms to use in real world. Quizzes contain really good case studies which are very good. Definitely recommend this course even to one who knows deep learning algorithms.
Excellent course that covers some of the most critical aspects related to machine learning projects. The approach used in the quizzes is very effective. It introduces learners to some common problems under a variety of scenarios.
This was really interesting but at the same time quite tricky to take any decision after we get the poor results. I think it would be even better if we had also programing exercise where we could for example do transfer learning.
'Structuring Machine learning Projects' is a strategic approach to modeling machine learning algorithm. And this is the course that really teaches how we can apply ML algorithms we learnt to the real world problems "Efficiently".
Loved the Course, it really Helps a lot for the Projects, You save us lots of time.I have a question which activation function did I have to use on the final Layer on a Multi-Task problem, Im working in a project with multi-task.
The simulator exercises are particularly interesting, as the introduce learners to making decisions when dealing with machine learning projects. This was the highlight for me, and I believe, it has help me build some intuitions.
Everyone, literally everyone who wants to start doing machine learning projects at the industry level should first go through this course. I think this course will make the life of an fresh machine learning engineer much easier.
I have studied Deep learning in detail from free courses but tried this course by Andrew and loved it because it was great for people who are being introduced to deep learning projects.I will recommend this course for beginners.
This course is really a deep insight of practical application. Completing this course gave some important points ,but they can be truly learned only when we try real world application by our own. Once again thank you Andrew sir
Again, the videos were very informative and pleasant to watch, using well established didactic methods.  Information given were (as far as I am aware) up to date and pretty good to understand. Thanks for the excellent lectures.
This course is really short but very packed. Prof. Andrew shared alot of his practical experience in this course. Given the value of Prof. Andrew's years of experience, this course will still be "cheap" even if it costs $ 1000!
This course has really taught how to start solving a real-world machine learning problem, what to do incase of facing different kind of issues. Hopefully, I will be able to apply them in designing machine learning algorithms.
This particular course details all the minute aspects needed to have a better model. All the concepts were explained clearly in the course. I felt this course to be a like a "icing on the cake" to basic Neural Network course.
Once more Andrew is greaqt teachng and very clear in his explanations. This course let me learn how to improve the development of a Deep learning project aiming at the right parameters and algorithms to be worked on the road.
Very useful ! It is a common problem of getting lost in ML projects, although the guidance seems abstract at first glance, it proves to be invaluable when ever we are in the midst of struggling for better modeling performance
Much needed course for those who are in their starting/middle stages of DL/ML projects. This course gonna play a vital role in their projects. The explanation from Andrew Ng was interesting with real-time scenarios examples.
Thank You, Professor Ng, for creating so much valuable learning. The values to those are added and we get ambitious and inspired being through the interviews you took with great Deep Learning and Machine Learning scientists!
I came into this course with the bias that it would be the least applicable of the five in the series-- however, I really feel that the information conveyed was extremely important for practical application of deep learning.
Really helpful project strategy for Deep Learning that can save many months of work. While this course is a bit repetitive at times, Andrew Ng's recommendations are hugely important and his simulation tests quite innovative.
Pretty interesting  ideas on how you can improve your  deep learning system.  It teaches you a number of strategies that help you identify the most promising things to try. Quizzes are especially interesting in this course.
In depth learning of most sought and required concepts and giving insight on how to structure a ML project from scratch practically. The quizzes are just wow! They give a very good insight of how ML projects are structured!
Short course with no programming exercises, but full of good information that is immediately useful such as where your time will be best spent depending on situations you're likely to encounter in pretty much every project.
Excellent, this really goes into the nuance of successfully executing a project. Setting up an initial system is not that difficult. Understanding the sources of error a systematically resolving requires judgment and graft.
This course is great. Recommend it to anyone working on Deep Learning projects. Saved me lots of time, and taught me how to systematically think about my problem and opened new windows to improve my network. Thanks, Andrew!
This was a valuable stepping stone in applying Andrew Ng's other teachings to realistic scenarios.  The "simulators" were actually a great representation of realistic machine learning project issues & potential resolutions.
A clear explanation of a difficult subject with an emphasis on being 
able to create and to understand your own neural networks.- Plus in this
 module how to allocate your resources so you can achieve a successful 
project.
Really good insights into the practical aspects of structuring projects. Large scale deep learning/ ML is as much about people management and strategic prioritization as it is about complex algorithms and big data handling
This is a very useful course since that you can get an impotant instruction to build your own project.  You can reduce your time cost and iterate quickly to produce more value by using the knowladges taught by this course.
Good. However, understanding the importance of strategy, either additional scenario quiz (the simulation type quiz is good) or a programming assignment would reinforce the understanding (given short duration of the course)
I loved the translation of all the different succesfactors to the daily practice and examples in the course. It gave me an general idea of what to look out for when identifying my own AI problems and defining a NN for it.
This was probably the most useful course of the entire specialization with real-world examples, tips, tricks and techniques on how to approach the problems in Machine Learning world as a whole and Deep Learning in general
Even though it's a short course and it doesn't have programming assignments, which I love doing, it has though these case study, which are quite fun and educative, helping you to get started in a Machine Learning project.
I liked this course because I gave me an idea of real situations I could face working on Machine Learning, but I think a little code would've been helpful, for example, to better understand how to do a transfer knowledge
This part of Deep learning specialization is similar to Machine Learning Yearning written by prof. Andrew Ng. I read the whole book and for me this was mostly a repetitive information - however, very useful and relevant.
This course helped me understand how to prioritize problems that we encounter in Machine Learning space. On the surface this might look simple, but I think this course will have a huge impact as I implement ML problems.
The course taught me about errors how to minimise the errors .How we can improve model performance.satisficing and optimising metrics.Overall the course was quite good.The case studies I found more interesting to solve.
Amazing Course! I generally don't feel like I gain much from lectures and would prefer reading but I'm really glad I took this course, gave me lots of insights into how one would go about improving performance quickly.
I really enjoyed this course, I think Andrew has a lot of knowledge on the subject matter and he is able to explain it in a very detailed and understandable manner. The interviews were a plus and also very interesting!
Videos were really help me understand the decision making and strategies for machine learning projects and quizzes were quite good real life simulations of what decisions i could make. I learnt a lor from this course.
This case was useful for getting an experienced way of approaching the real-world problems of ML. The quizzes further added to the application of the basics learnt throughout the course. Overall, it was a good course!
very much wonderful. especially the simulation process, which extracts the pure logic decision process during implementing DNN without actually experiencing all the detailed procedures which are not really challenging
Good course.  Very interesting!Having done the course, most of the ideas seem fairly obvious.  However, the chances of me coming up with them on my own are almost 0. Therefore I think the training has been successful.
It was an amazing experience and I learn a lot of new Machine Learning strategies and error analysis techniques that will help me a lot in my future research work. Thanks a lot, Mr. Andrew, you are an awesome speaker.
Excellent course, give great practical advice of how to structure projects and to make decisions to improve you models. Those insights are hard to find elsewhere and it's the most valuable contribution of this course.
I really loved the learning of different ways of error analysis and solving issues based on the outcomes of the analysis. This is really a ready to use knowledge for me to implement in my job life. Thank you so much!
I would give 4 and 1/2 star because I don't understand some of the questions I missed. I will ask in the forums for more detailed explanation. This is a nice course for a simpler break in the middle of the AI course.
Very nice to get the advices from NG. Wu,  But I think it's better to learn this lesson in the last stage when you have a basic understanding of DL and the strategy should be useful when you debug with your DL model.
Excellent.  This class gives an overall perspective on how to approach ML projects to ensure that efforts are focused in the right areas to solve problems where the solutions will have the most impact on performance.
Dr. Ng set the bar very high in the previous two courses of the specialization. This course is also excellent with very useful practical advice, but maybe a little less polished and streamlined than the previous two.
This course is unique in content and you cant find anything like it anywhere else.The amount of experience that Andrew conveys is enormous and practical tips that only  can come from a real professional like Andrew.
The course by prof.Andrew Ng gives us a great insight on error analysis and strategies to apply when building a machine learning project to achieve or surpass human level performance in applied deep learning tasks.
I have learnt lots of things on how to structure my machine learning project.  I hope that the course wold indeed be very helpful for me in future in my endeavors into fields that are using DL as core technologies.
Thank you very much, Andrew Ng. Your course is very cool. It helps to understand better how to handle different tough things and learn very fast. I recommend this course for learning and getting into Deep Learning.
I think it is a really nice qualitative course which really broadens your perspective about various dimensions of a NN project. It is very eye-opening and very conceptual and honestly, very practical. Thanks Andew
thank you for this course, your efforts help me achieve my goal of understanding machine learning and how to apply it to real world and  ways of teaching is constantly building my interest in this field. thank-you
Valuable insights into how to structure ai projects with the respect to data, new data, buggy data, synthesized data, mismatched data, and much more such as error analysis and how to use pretrained neural network.
A great course where Andrew set the bases for a new way of doing machine learning. Aiming to standardization and improvment of ML life cycle to bring Deep Learning model in production much faster and with method.
A very informative course. Many unknown concepts to improve an NN are covered. I have gained a lot of clarity about the various levels of error fixing and proper training of DL models. Wonderful job by Andrew Ng.
Great course! Content was very interesting and did a good job building upon the previous courses. Enjoyed the assessment in the for of the simulator, gave me a good sense of real world Deep Learning applications.
Teaches how to debug a lot of design and implementation issues that happen when going from theory to practice. This is is the kind of knowledge that you can get from Prof. Ng's experience, but not in a text book.
In this section I learnt about the theoritical part of ML strategy, how to set goal, compare with human-level performance, Error analysis etc which I think will help me to develop as Machine Learning Specialist.
This is a great course but I think it'd be even better to place it after Convolutional NN course. And also wish that there were coding assignments, too, as in other courses in this specialization (Deep leaning).
This class will give you some practical tips on moving deep learning projects along. How to focus your attention on the most important things to improve. Some techniques for using other work to move yours along.
Great course to understand how best to structure and evaluate the performance of your deep learning project. Invaluable information! I actually used info in this course on my real-world project to great success.
Very good course, focusing less on coding / tech aspects and more on the know-how and "art" of the seasoned practicioner. Very useful for acquiring both loose hints and structured approaches. Highly recommended.
Very useful and practical knowledge. Indeed, this will not be available in any books or theoretical literature. This is very valuable set of suggestions coming from years of experience and research by Andrew Ng.
As Andrew said, you will not find a lot of content in this course in a very structured way throughout the internet or other courses out there. This is a must take if you are a Data Scientist or an aspiring one.
Great course with insight into how to prepare your ML and DL projects and the order of operations and caveats and considerations to take into account with your data in real-world scenarios.  Highly enjoyed it!
Excellent, very valuable to have advice on how to troubleshoot and make progress with a project. ML is not just about equations and code, and this distilled wisdom will help me get started as an ML researcher.
This course offers great insights on building a ML project, which are also applicable in different types of projects in real world. Also, this is truly distinguish from other deep-learning courses on internet.
Learned about how we should manage our DL project and what to priotize first, these are something one learns after he has gone through such problem, so it was nice to learn about it beforehand from the expert
I thought this course was very helpful in analyzing neural networks. While I did enjoy the quizzes, I wish there were more to test my knowledge on whether it is more quizzes or actual programming assignments.
Very practical, simple short course!Very good materials that can generalise how to build a good ML model. Very handful exerciseNice interview from expertsThis is a MUST TRY course, because it's too BEAUTIFUL!
As a college graduate who took ML classes in college, this course is a lot more useful in terms of developing an intuition toward iterating on ML projects. The interview with Karpathy is the cherry on top :)
This was truly amazing! I mean an entire course on the subtleties of gaining skills that we can actually apply in real life is really needed. I am super glad I took this course! Special Thanks to Andrew Ng!
This is a quite different class. It's less math, less formulas but there is so much to learn from the experience of Professor Ng, a whole lot of best practices to follow and tricks to learn. Great contents!
Great and unique course! I think that such topics should be a part of any professional ML course.Having said that, it would be appreciated if the sound volume had higher expected value and lower variance :)
This course gives me an overview sight of the whole process of machine learning project. Not only I know about the technical things, but also know how to structure and point out the position of the project.
A lot of good thoughts on working with models.  I think just getting your hands dirty with some models would help as well.  :-)  Would be interesting to set up a model to do some difficult tuning exercises.
This course gives you an experience, which otherwise you'd take tens of years to garner. The simplicity with which Andrew explains the challenges is commendable as well. Thank you for teaching this course.
It is a really good course to build your intuitions and decision making capability for your machine learning projects, I really like the way Sir Andrew Ng relates all the concepts with real world examples.
Some glitches in the videos, but the content is great. Andrew is an awesome teacher and these are really unique tips coming from his vast experience, it is hard to find similar content elsewhere on the web
The discussions on practical guides about designing deep learning systems, dealing with data, bias variance trade-off, and how to organize projects to optimize time usage are much needed for practitioners.
Practical advice for new students when tackling a real-world ML project and how to approach to optimize a model's performance. The quizzes provide good examples of use-case scenarios and decisions to take.
I think the simulations were great. They give an excellent approach to real life enterprise scenarios where you have to take important decisions. Great compliment for the first two courses of the program.
Step by Step approach to structure Your Machine leaning project from scratch. The cherry on the cake is simulation quit provided at the end, helps quite fast to get the practical approach to the problems.
This course is very helpful to fine tune our machine learning and  our deep learning projects and probably more input to the different types of transfer learning examples could have been much more helpful
I love it. it was very helpful but I think if it was an assignment "programming assignment" with some issues "mismatch, incorrect labeling, .. etc " and use those techniques it would be much more helpful.
Its most great and important course ever, please try to listen very carefully to Prof Andrew, he tell you about each and everything you need to become master in ML. Many thanx for Prof Andrew and COURSERA
I learned a lot of new methods to structure not only deep learning projects but also ML projects. Very interesting and gives a wide overview of how we can improve our project management in AI in general.
Prepare you for the problems faced in machine learning projects, I'm now capable of analyzing projects for other people although I'm only in the path of Machine learning for 40 days.Thank you, Sir Andrew
I believe Andrew Ng shared some key insights into building successful machine learning projects. I really enjoyed the  course and believe the shared information to be invalueable for my further research.
This is the most important course of all the machine learning courses from deeplearning.ai.  I learned in two weeks, what normally will take years of experience from this course i.e. ML project strategy.
That course is so valuable in order to drive into a ML project. Especially, the project life-cycle simulator are really awesome to practice model diagnostic and what to do next !! Really amazing module!
A very unique and practical-based course that really shows the intricacies involved in making a machine-learning project and Andrew has really provided with hardcore lessons from his enormous experience
Course is really useful in explaining which part to focus on to reduce the error and how to detect which part of algorithm should be given more time to reduce error and improve performance of algorithm.
A bit more theoretical this time. But the information is worht the time. I think that the knowledge Andrew is spreading will make me more efficient in my AI jobs ahead. At least I hope and think that :)
Andrew Ng's excellent teaching style leaves you with an intuitive understanding of machine learning setups and potential pitfalls. For me it's the best way to learn; this stuff really sticks in my head!
Very well structured course about all the little tuning things to be done to actually make a machine learning algorithm work well. It is really a course to be taking as part of an overall ML formation.
Really interesting! We used to be concerned about unbalanced train/dev/test, and with this course I realised this are not the main problems for achieving performance in MLA master class. Thanks Andrew!
not as technical as the first 2 courses in this specialization (and the next 2 for that matter), but it is still a well rounded course and highly recommend to do all the courses in this specialization!
Extremely interesting and useful practical advice that can help make significant difference when thinking about how to identify and correct problems. The quizzes were fantastic and made me think a lot.
Excellent material. I would say this is the most important course of this specialization. Knowing how to approach a certain problem can indeed save us a lot of time and help us avoid a lot of mistakes.
This course gives great intuitions to develop deep learning model and how to go with deep learning project. I was really impressed and felt like I gain a real experiences without working at industries.
Excellent start for digging into topics that are not taught nowhere else. The author books 'Machine Learning Yearning' is a great next read that goes deeper in some of the aspects, really recommended.
While the information from this course was awesome I would've liked some hand on projects to get the information running. Nonetheless, the two simulation task were the best (more would've been neat!).
Excellent. Just one remark: sometimes I do not understand quite well the english sens of the sentence. But in overall the course is well structured and I've learned quite a few things in ML Strategy.
Useful to know what are the steps that should be taken after obtaining results. Tho there isn't much information regarding making machine learning projects here (ie. there isn't any hands on project)
I am glad I took this class.  There are a lot of things think about with respect to structuring your M/L project.  Fortunately, it is not as mysterious as people often claim...but it is very nuanced.
Very important and valuable intuitions about DNN training/optimization. It's full of really practical information while implementing my own models.DNN을 실제 적용할때 반드시 이해하고 적용해야 할 실질적 내용들로 구성된 멋진 코스 입니다!
It is a special lesson that  guide me to think how to build a good model for ML. There is no doubt that Andrew ng taught his project experience without exception and hope that we can benefit from it.
Andrew Ng, awesome teaching technique and well-designed course content make it easier for deep learning beginner to learn how to structure your machine project smoothly and do not lost in a process.
The course was very insightful on how to tweak and evaluate and measure the performance of your model. I loved the course very very much. Hope  to see more courses  from deeplearning.ai and  Andrew.
This course gave some very useful tips on how to start with a Machine learning project when I was struggling to do so. It also gave useful information about error analysis and data set distribution.
I think this is the most useful course in the Specialization. Andrew reveals secrets about details which can speed up working in Deep Learning. It will help to avoid marking time in future projects!
Generally, the course is great. This is a short course and could be combined with other courses in this series. Also, some knowledge such as data splitting has been introduced in the courses before.
The course gives a sound intuition and insight into the parameters to be considered and the crucial thought process involved in making the decisions for improving the performance of neural networks.
Really a good course with mostly the theoretical knowledge on some aspects to reuse your model as well as some error analysis. Thoroughly taught with lots of real-life examples, thanks to Andrew Ng.
It's a great course! This course gave me a lot of new perspectives in constructing a machine learning project. Especially, the discussion of data distribution in the train/dev/test set is fantastic.
I really liked this course, such as I liked the rest of the courses in this Specialization. I honestly appreciate that this knowledge is shared, accessible, and made extremelly intuitive and clear.
Really a good course and got an insight into how to structure a machine learning project and some useful techniques for deep learning, such as transfer learning, multi-task, and end-to-end learning
Interesting course especially for ML novices. A short course and could be completed quickly, however, one needs to carefully review the lectures to avoid missing key points. Well-structured course!
While there are lots of techniques out there, this course really helps you gain a different perspective on the bigger picture and teaches you to avoid some of the common pitfalls you may encounter
Fantastic! As is pointed out by Andrew Ng, the material is not taught in other courses. You will get answers for a lot of things you might have wondered when working on a machine learning project.
Shorter than other courses in this specialization, but realy important. It helps to structure machine learning projects to shorten the time and effort and to prioritize the different alternatives.
Very insightful thoughts from an expert and legend in Deep Learning and ML.  Well explained and easy to digest the information.  Keep up the excellent work Andrew and thank you for your hard work!
Impressive course to guide us in planning machine learning projects. There isn't any calculation or programming exercises but we can gain the intuition that will take years to develop, I believe.
Wonderful course! Great learning content and I love the quiz at the end. The flight simulator model for the quiz is fantastic.  The bonus interviews were very interesting and exciting. Thank you!
Fascinating insights how to solve issues in ML projects. Saves lot of time if you have to find out yourself. Great share of experience and very appealing and practical examples, easily explained.
This was very insightful.No rocket science, but taking to heart these lessons may save you and your team months of work.Pragmatic way of thinking about getting your deep learning project to work.
I think this is the best way of understanding the models we build and train. Now I can understand where are the errors are coming from and how to focus and choose an error rate problem to solve.
Great course with one caveat: some of the questions in the quizzes did not have clear-cut answers, where the correct answer could change based on subjective opinions rather than objective facts.
I made detail notes for courses in this specialization. The supplemental notes in this course helped so much for me to save time making notes. If I can give 6 stars, I will. Thank you very much.
This course is extremerly useful for being successful and efficient in a machine learning project. I'll highly recommend this course to take if you want to speed up your ML project and research.
This is a very unique course! Nowhere else is practical ML covered in so much detail. Many of the questions I struggled when doing ML are addressed in this course in a very clear manner. Thanks!
Please include more of programming. Until this course I have a decent idea of strategies for deep learning but still I am not sure if I can actually apply them that well to build a decent model.
It's great to learn the theory, and it's a great expansion to the earlier courses. It's slightly less fun not being able to do the coding course work. As ever phenomenal lectures from Andrew Ng.
Amazing course contents and case studies to get a solid understanding of key Deep learning concepts and applications in real world scenarios...very helpful for freshers in Deep Learning like me.
Learning how to better deploy and analyze Machine Learning issues has helped me a lot in understanding the issues and finding solutions for my thesis project, in machine vision for agriculture.
I like the "flight simulator".  Excellent scenario-based training.  I also like one of Ruslan's advice - code the backprop of CNN from scratch to really understand deep learning.  Keep it up :)
This is the most down-to-early and hand-to-hand course of the whole series so far. For real world projects tuning, this course may save you months of efforts and tons of cost. Highly recommend!
Taught a lot of tools for tweaking the NN in a comprehensive ways. This course makes me want to jump right in and practice all those tools available (even without programming exercise provided)
Great course underlining that one should think first and then implement. It also helps to understand where to put the effort when we face real-world AI challenges. Thank you guys, great course!
This course was very helpful for me to understand more about building a good deep learning system myself and working with others to build one such system together. Thanks for the good lectures!
I learnt a lot. Keep the good work for the whole team behind the course. Personally to Prof. Andrew Ng, thank you for your easy way of explaining things and achieve what I have achieved so far.
This course give valuable insights on how to work more efficiently and explains very well some ways to improve decisions when one is part of a team solving a difficult machine learning problem.
I hope my mentor will live for thousand years. The world needs person like you. I have learnt a lot. Confidence as an machine learning engineer is increasing day by day.Thanks a lot Professor.
Definitely should not overlook this course. It may seem small, but provides the insight needed for major projects. Consider this as precious gems of advice that you should follow like the law!
This give you guidelines how to approach a machine learning problem. You will get experiences from the tutors instead of struggling years to find out what should have done in the first place.
This course teaches a good amount of practical skills which can help approach a problem in a way that can save a lot time. I wasn't expecting something that useful and complete. Great course.
This course may seem less technical than the others but it provides a lot of best practices that will impact your work probably more than what you have learnt from the more technical courses.
This one is especially helpful since it contain first hand tuning guide line towards different settings of DL scenario. The case study in homework reinforce what Andrew taught on the lecture.
Very insightful, its clear Andrew is sharing his personal experience with the live projects here. As i also feel i am doing lots of things similar in real life projects.. Great work Andrew Ng
Great course. It help me learn about what should be the next step to take for our deep learning projects. We should have more strategic courses like this not only online, but also at school.
Good approach to how to tackle machine learning problems to increase the efficiency  and accuracy of implementation. Gives a lot of tips and tricks that are not usually noted in ML textbooks
I love the way Andrew goes beyond teaching the foundations of a technology and launches into how to plan projects well for success.  This course was, like the others, very much worth taking.
This course tells us how to approach a machine learning project. This is very useful, especially from a beginner's perspective, since a project with huge amounts of data can be pretty scary.
Such a great course, add more content to this course, this is very helpfull to people who never has worked in a machine learning project and also to people little experiencied in this field
More theory and thinking about potential projects. Happy this was added into specialization because on my own I wouldn't bother spending too much time on this stuff which is very important.
Excellent course!! I had done a few AI projects in college, nothing professionally.  This course is excellent. Really makes you understand how to deal with data sets in real world projects.
This course teaches you a lot of strategies in machine learning, which potentially can save a lot of time when developing machine learning products as it helps you find the right direction!
Concise classes, with good examples of different situations. It teaches us how to get insight from the results of our project, finding the point where the team should focus its effort next.
This course is really awesome. I feel the same problem this project addresses. When projects get bigger, it becomes really difficult to handle them. And this course guide you to solve this.
This course is focused more on practical advices in order to avoid pitfalls when solving real problems. As Prof. Andrew Ng. highlighted in most courses these hints are not discussed at all.
even without the coding project, I think the big pictures will help me in the future. I definitely will rewatch the guidelines many times!Again, thanks for your insights and instructions!!!
Extremely beneficial practical advice to get started on building machine learning projects. I can't be thankful enough to Dr. Andrew for taking time out to share his wisdom with the world.
it was a really helpful course to learn and it helped me to boost my knowledge in the era of machine learning and Deep learning. Thank you Mr Andrew Ng to provide such an excellent course.
Great discussion on the practicalities of organizing your DL projects and what to do if you start running into problems.  I really liked the "case study" quizzes for learning.  Good stuff!
This is a course on how teams should approach machine learning project in practise. It provides a lot of great intuition and also a feel for what working with machine learning can be like.
Though it did not have any coding assignment, I can not emphasize enough on how important this course is! Very insightful and the real world examples made them really interesting to solve.
some of the questions were really hard and sounded counter intuitive to what was taught , eitherway the forums provided guidance and i gained trully important knowledge for my project UwU
definitely a great course!!! the assignments a way tougher which broadened my knowledge in deep learning. I would highly recommend this course who have completed the previous two courses.
This course demystified the dev/test sets and gave me the strategies on how to select and troubleshoot the dev & test sets, how to do error analysis and how to chose appropriate actions.
I really learn allot abot practical aspects of machine learning I recommend any one who want to learn the waht machine learning engineer face problems while training and evaluating model
Teaches important knowledge about structuring projects that other ML engineers may take months or years to learn, provides 'flight simulator' problem sets for testing this new knowledge.
It is very good because learning is one thing but apply learning in different application is totally different thing, so this help anybody to improve their performance in deep learning.
The quiz based on real-life application scenarios gave an insight to the problems faced in practical deep learning applications. This helps a learner to look at things from many angles.
This course is more about the higher level strategies to best apply deep learning in practice. Other courses focus more on the math of neural networks and implementing them as software.
This course provides practical ideas and insight for constructing machine learning or deep learning projects. Concrete examples are given to help explain the concepts or real scenarios.
Much needed advice missing elsewhere. It will surely help systematize the learning/modeling process which is time-consuming and based on trial and error. The material is golden. Thanks!
It's very unique course i have ever taken on machine learning. It teaches you the best practices in ML projects.   These could be really helpful when you are stuck on your ML project. I
The material taught in this class is rarely taught in a usual classroom yet it is very useful in practice. I highly suggest people who are interested in doing AI learn from this course.
Great course!  Andrew Ng brings everything together in this third course of the series.  This will help me make good design decisions and I feel that I have learned from his experience.
This course has been much more challenging than expected, even when it doesn't talk much about algorithms or math, the content is actually complex and develops great analytical skills.
It's an absolutely essential course for all DL wanna-bees. Provides deep and practical insights into solving complex DL projects that otherwise will take years to experience to master.
Really interesting, and important topics, that are hard to find elsewhere. Has given me a great insight into issues seen in deep learning projects and many areas of things to think of.
Knowing what transfer learning is, multitask learning and what is end to end deep learning was really fascinating. I also learnt about errors to consider which helps saving time later.
This course is excellent for its content. A few of the quiz questions are difficult to parse, which I have also seen in the other courses I have done on deep learning by Prof Ng et al.
Loved the flight simulator styled quizzes.. learnt a lot on how we can take a systematic approach towards building a right model and how to deal with challenges with data availability.
It is probably the best course out of first 3. The approach to week's tests really forces you to think hard. It does look like a very good way to transfer the experience! Thanks a lot.
The course was nice, and though I initially felt it a bit over-extended with just examples, I find that it helps to gain a deeper insight into structuring the machine learning models.
Interesting learning different metrics which can be used to identify problems in Machine Learning Projects in order to avoid wasting large amounts of time and energy on wrong metrics.
A very useful and intuitive course for understanding how to improve a model for different projects and situations. Once again, many thanks to Prof. Andrew Ng for building this course.
Found this course very relevant to me as a newbie. I think following the guidelines mentioned in the course will avoid lot of common mistakes made by many freshers in the field of DL.
Professor Andrew Ng explains very clearfull in detail about challenges regarding deep learning products development and how to face them using systematic approach. Strongly recommend!
This is exactly why I took this course: to hear about things that you do not read very often, about machine learning practical problems and how you can solve them. Really interesting!
A very practical and unique course exploring various real life aspects of machine learning applications.A must for someone who aspires to solve real life problems using ML algorithms.
This course gave a nice overview on systematically tackling machine learning tasks and problems. The "flight simulator" quizzes were very helpful in understanding the course material.
Highly helpful course. The videos of this course improve the insight of machine learning / deep learning tasks. I will refer to the theories that I learned in this course every time.
This is phenomenal. I was working as an undergraduate student researcher in two different projects right now and what was discussed here really gave me the eyes that I really needed.
this course helps me how to create a plane of the machine learning project for my team and also individual project like the use of transfer learning and multi-classification problem.
Great way to understand step by step all important aspects of creating a machine learning project. Finding out what problems can be faced while creating a model and ways to fix them.
This course was filled with practical advice to quickly build, iterate on, and improve ML models.  It's more directly relevant to real-world ML work than any other course I've taken.
Best ever course in deep learning. By this far, you should have strong foundations about working deep learning, and this course helps you to master the ML strategy for your projects.
Short and crisp course. It was very informative to learn how to do error analysis on practical machine learning projects. I also really enjoyed the unique assignments in the course.
Great course. All errors explained nicely.Covered mismatched data distribution very well. Also transfer learning, multiple task learning were explained nicely. Overall great course.
Review of techniques and strategies. Very interesting. As there is no programming assingment, I would advice to add some Keras-TF lessons to be ready to tackle the following courses
Well structured course. Worth spending the time watching all the videos to get a full picture of what are the key things that really matter when planning and launching the projects.
I loved the idea with the case studies to flight simulators. This is a very useful way to practice working with machine learning problems in short time and in a classroom situation.
A very informative and interesting course. It describes the project management aspect of an ML project which is rarely taught or spoken about. Thanks Andrew for this amazing course.
The course is well designed. The hints Andrew gives are really useful and interesting. I'm taking the whole specialization and it seems to be really useful. Thank you so much guys!
The courses keep getting more interesting! There is a lot of subtly to deep learning as you go towards a management level apparently. Many different problems with unique solutions.
An excellent course the reason for me telling this, actually I thought it wasn't so important course in this deep learning specialization. It turned out as one of the important one
Amazing. Really love how the instructor goes through all possible examples and repeats the most important concepts so this it gets engraved. The quizzes were also very interesting.
It gave a comprehensive insight into the strategies to follow for various hindrances one will face during a Machine Learning Project. It has been more helpful than I have imagined.
Awesome course! Very practical too. No project assignment (coding) but the questions in the quiz are superb since they are comprehensively covers the entire aspect of the lectures.
One of a kind course in Deep Learning and a must know. The fact that there wasn't a single programming assignment was a bit upsetting. The simulations are much appreciated however.
Many discussions are engineering orriented, so I need more projects to execute and practice all of the advises. Questions are tricky to answer, but the course is highly recomended.
This course was much better explained compared to the previous two. And the assignments were also better. Because you would need to put a fair amount of thought for each question.
I wish i did this before i did my live project dissertation at uni for my data science Msc. This would have saved me a lot of time and pressure! Thank you for this amazing course!
As usual, a powerful course by Andrew... very well structured and excellent quizes...I wouldve like to see more practice quizes even if optional to strengthen what we have learnt.
a clear and helpful explanation on how to choose a strategy and make a neuron networks model working well, and also propose useful approaches to improve the error in the NN model.
This is course is more than just about knowledge, it's about wisdom. Andrew guided us how to think and make decisions when applying deep learning in practice. This is truly a gem.
Superb course on some really good practical aspects of machine learning and that too in Andrew's engaging and no-frills style Kudos to Prof Andrew and rest of Deeplearning.ai team
a really insightful course, perhaps more crucial than the other two.the insights andrew gives are really important and it will need tonnes of experience to learn them on your own
A very short course but has a lot of best practices of structuring machine learning projects about where to start from and how to take your steps in order to aim the right target
Through the study of this lesson, I learned the cross-correlation between machine learning and deep learning, and gave me preliminary guidance in the layout of my large projects.
Definitely one of the best deeplearning courses I have come across. Even though I have the experience of working on deeplearning there are some points I can take from this course
I have gleaned valuable insights to approach a problem I had, And a proper procedure that helps me iterate through the model development cycle more efficiently , Thank you team !
The content is great but if there were a few exercises where we had to use tensorflow and complete a neural network, it would have been better practice. But the content is great!
Very instructive, easy to underestimate how fast you can waste your time in AI projects without proper analysis and management. This course should accelerate most of AI projects.
the amazing thing that i found in this course is that it consist of so many day to day life examples to explain the things,which makes tough things to understand in a easy way..
The course taught me so many practical skills, and it gave me a sense of how to deal with real-life problems when I want to build a deep learning application. Thank you so much!
Worth the time spent. I got to learn about when to use the different algorithms in deep learning. Dr. Andrew Ng explained it in a lucid manner and the content is easy to digest.
This course contained useful tips on saving time on deep learning endeavours. The simulators really forced us to think through the situation and apply what we learnt. Way to go!
Best course so far in deep learning specialization. Explains systematic ways of improving the performance of your machine learning system rather than trying in an ad-hoc manner.
This is a very unique course and really given a very good tips on how to structure my models for better outcomes. Thanks to Andrew for collating all his experiences and sharing.
The course is well structured to understand how to go through a systematic process and make your Machine Learning Projects get pretty fast at learning. Awesome Work as usual. :)
Very useful discussions that most likely you won't find in any other setting except perhaps if you work in a company actually deploying machine learning products. Thanks Andrew!
A course with excellent contents. This course contains DO and DON'T of Artificial Neural Network (ANN). Without these Do and Don't, one would mess up with ANN. Thank you Andrew.
I have learned so much of concept in the structuring of machine learning projects and very awesome two case studies, clear cut of concepts of end to end deep learning approach.
A good course providing you a platform to actually experience what it is like to design an ML/DL project and iterate through lots of training. I found the quizzes very helpful.
Truly a great course by the instructor and his team. These real-life problems are certainly not taught anywhere. Kudos to instructor and team for delivering such a good course.
Very nice subject about how to structure and focus on the project and the objective and don't let the misleading data to diverge from that. I really enjoyed every detail of it.
More general topics. Easier than the previous two courses. Without practical experience in the field, it's difficult to claim right now how much I'll benefit from it in future.
This course gave me a chance to learn how a ML process is carried out from the beginning ,and focusing on the intution rather than the maths is also necessary for ML engineer.
An essential part is covered in this specialization,i.e Error Analysis and Model's different kinds of learning techniques with very practical case studies are so much helpful.
This course is a most for everyone who want to work in this field. Great content! Helps you to take the shortest (and correct) way... Thanks a lot Mr Ng for this great course!
Good coverage of the mindset required to start and to critically evaluate other projects. Both assignments were extremely useful since they actually portrayed real situations.
Excellent course on practical considerations of working on a real machine learning project. I believe that this material could save a lot of wasted efforts on future projects.
Priceless material in a world full of tensorflow/scikit learn which done all the hard programming job for you ! A focus on the feeling/expertise of a machine learning project.
This is really a great course . Now i have insights of real world data science projects and knowledge of prior steps to take to improve my model in most efficient wayThankyou
Amazing Insights! Loved every second of the course. Actually, these are the issues I have actually faced in my small professional career and this course really did help a lot
This course gives me an insight into the machine learning techniques. Especially, many videos of this course deal with how to handle the dataset for improving ML performance.
This course gives a bird's eye view of a ML project ABSOLUTELY needed in a Production environment or consultancy. Maybe this one could be the first or second course overall..
Most important learning is on how to make acceptance matrix and validation matrix and setting goal for team. And most importantly error analysis and strategy for improvement.
Very learning-ful and insightful. Andrew - as always - is a great instructor, explaining all the topics in a clear, understandable, concise and ready-to-use/pragmatic manner!
This course was pleasure to complete. I enjoyed it the most of all the three so far! And some of the stuff taught in this course felt so useful even outside machine learning.
Great overview on how to review the output of your project, understand the results, and how to iterate (what to go after) to make your algorithm.  Andrew Ng nailed it again!
Excelente curso, se ven temas que no se ven en otros cursos. Lo disfruté. ¡Gracias!Excellent course, topics are seen that are not seen in other courses. Enjoy it. Thank you!
This was a short but very useful course - the concepts will be highly useful for future projects - especially the testing method using the scenarios of applied Deep Learning
Having dived into the detail, this is a great overview to help you string together your new skills and implement something. The "flight simulator" concept is a powerful one.
This course is one of a kind. It offers DL new entrants the opportunity of understanding applied DL and gaining 'offline' DL experience. Thanks for the opportunity given me.
Great course. Provided important insight in how to setting metrics, evaluating errors, dealing with mismatched data and an intro to transfer learning and mulit-task learning
I've learnt the coursera even not watching the last two videos, maybe the order is wrong. But the course is very beneficial to diagonize the pathway to kick the problem off.
This course teaches very good practical advice for designing your own deep learning project, prioritizing resources, and identifying weak points in your deep learning model.
Fantastic course, Andrew is a clearly a leader in the field and presents a very in-depth but approachable course. Very much looking forward to RNN and DNN (modules 4 and 5).
Excellent meta view of how to approach training, validation and testing which is not really available elsewhere as Andrew has actual experience of true DL projects at scale
Excellent and insightful course. The only thing I would note is that in my opinion I would not classify it as "beginner" but more of an "intermediate" level course. Thanks!
The course is laid out well and the videos are very clear and understandable. The instructor who creates the videos, Andrew Ng, does a very good job at explaining concepts.
Great course.  I now have a better understanding of how to approach a project and how to make better choices on what to focus on to continue improving deep learning models.
Simply loved some of the tips shared by Prof. Andrew Ng in structuring a Machine Learning problem. The simulation Use Cases were helpful in structuring the thought process.
This one was very rewarding. It looks simple but really challenges your mind to think strategically about how to plan and prioritize for ML projects. Really useful content!
This course is very important: it will lift you up from the pure coding problems, showing you how to actually develop a project, take decisions and work in a team.Great job
I have some knowledge on this specialization , but this course is also very helpful for individuals who do not have insights in this area. Thank you Coursera and its team.
Top course. However, the course could be improved by having the students actually develop some projects and facing the issues discussed in the course in some real project.
Very informative and concise. Perhaps assignments could have been a bit more hands-on, but hey, it's only two weeks course!I learned a good set of tricks and tips. Thanks!
I was able to understand the important design decisions that surrounded at each stage of learning and learn about impact of errors in deciding the future course of actions
For me the best course of the specialization right now (I haven't done 4 and 5 part yet). There is a lot of practical knowledge. I really like Heroes of DL in this course!
It's incredible that Andrew Ng shares his real-life DL experiences to help ensure beginners know the key factors to consider to much more efficiently work on DL problems.
This course taught me how to handle real life problems in neural networks and flight simulator exercises are good for understanding concepts clearly. Thank you Andrew ng.
Very essential topic, professionally handled by Mr. Andrew Ng. Thank you all for your efforts, you are start-to-end covering deep learning. Hope i can continue with CNNs.
This course was pretty useful and related to the problems that one faces in real life situations and projects and provides a great methodology to deal with those problems
The courses helps me understand how to work in a real machine learning projects. It does not have any practical coding part, but at least the information was good! Thanks
I really liked the format of the assignments for this course. Case studies are incredibly useful and give a global understanding of the different aspects in a ML project.
The course gives hints on how to structure and manage a deep learning projects, on which parts to put priority first in order to efficiently use time to get good results.
I learned a lot of strategies from this course regarding pitfalls and how to better structure machine learning projects. This is really valuable experience from experts!
Really good course that any ML (future or present) practitioners to learn. In my opinion, more important to learn than the other technical courses in the specialization.
A very interesting course, no doubt afterwards you will be able to structure a machine learning project and know how to evaluate the different factors that influence it.
This course packs a lot of highly valuable practical knowledge. It has helped me a lot in applying DL better in practice and save a lot of time when creating new models.
Excellent practical advice on how to make quick decisions when faced with a dilemma during ML projects. The simulations really help bringing the course material to life.
Extremely practical. Much shorter than other courses in Deep Learning specialisation but definitely not less informative. I also enjoyed the Flight sim a lot, nice idea.
The material presented here is greatly useful. Learning these concepts by own require a lot of year of experience. I wish more details were presented about each concept.
I personally enjoyed this class (especially after the second class in the specialization) and I will definitely be using some of the knowledge soon enough. Thanks again!
This course gives practical aspects of problems faced in machine learning projects. You must have knowledge of these ideas if you want to compete in fast growing world.
The most fun and intuitive course in the deep learning specialization. Amazing literature by prof Andrew  NG. Would suggest every practitioner to go through this course
One of the best courses of DL specialization. The knowledge shared is invaluable and it is tough to get such good insights elsewhere. Thanks to Prof Andrew Ng and Team.
Great course on how to tackle various issues while handling real data. I thank Coursera and Deeplearning.ai for providing such a course that everyone could make use of.
This course really helped me understand the concepts I learnt in the previous courses and get a real feeling for how it would be to do a real project in Deep Learning.
By taking this course I can get deeper understanding about how to doing error analysis properly. I think it's very important process in developing deep learning model.
Hard to find a good course explaining details on produtizing and rationale on strategic planning of systems using Deep Learning. A great course that I would recommend!
Great course. I learnt many things like erros estimation and how to think about you ML project. Various data collecting techniques and various methods to reduce errors
Extremely useful practical tips and excellent exercises that can be hardly found elsewhere!  Well-structured distinguished content. Thanks for sharing such experience.
The course was excellent. The practical quizzes was very good and it gave a good understanding of how machine learning projects should be built in the right direction.
Great insights on how to structure your project - what to focus on to develop your model - bias, variance, training-dev set and other concepts are very well presented!
One of the most important course for ML/DL practitioner. It provides a lot of useful insights that other courses out there simply seems to avoid or don't cover at all.
The flight simulators are really interesting and generate interest in the field. They also give a glimpse of structuring problems faced while developing an ML project.
Very good overview of the challenges in machine learning projects and pointers to overcoming them. Having these deep learning 'soft skills' could be vitally important.
The advice in this course is worth its weight in gold for anybody who wants to actually practice machine learning. Make sure you go through carefully and learn it all!
Before i come into this class, i have done some deep leaning research and faced some questions in this class, it's a good summary and some strategies are really useful
Again, excellent insights and helpful guidance from Andrew. This course should be taken for anyone who works or is attempting on working with Machine Learning. Kudos!
A course full of tips and knowledge required to build a real world machine learning application. Also help in the starting phase of building a machine learning system
This is a great set of videos that Prof. Andrew Ng transmits his years of experience running deep learning projects through highly valuable insights! Thanks Prof. Ng!
I've gained so much confidence after taking this course. I learnt the thought process behind developing a deep learning project and I loved it. Andrew Ng is the best.
Very practical advices that are typically not offered in academic textbooks. It's invaluable to have Andrew--a leading practitioner--sharing his experience like this.
Again, it is very good. However, this course is a little bit complicated and abstract in terms of the data obtaining, so may be more assisting details needed. Thanks!
Wonderful course but I think it could be improved adding practical programming assignment in order to test the useful techniques that Andrew teached on this course :)
Highly useful for experienced machine learning folks. Given the fact that the discussed issues defined are real-life problems, Data Scientists face in live projects.
Great course! It provides the very necessary non-mathematical details that are important for the success of a project. The content is intuitive and fun. Recommended.
The insights from this modules has made building and deploying machine learning models less easier and less time consuming. Debugging machine learning models methods
I liked this course as it is loaded with information drawn from Professor Ng's experience.  With deep learning being a relatively new field, knowing these tips help.
Compendium of invaluable information on practical issues which is unavailable elsewhere. Thank you for saving me from years of suffering to figure out this "wisdom!"
Useful experience from the field, relates pretty well to my experience working on traditional ML projects and extends that intuition to Deep Learning considerations.
Brilliant class - esp Week 1 regarding Bayes error etc. Was enlightening to hear from the master in the field, and how Prof Ng applied all these techniques at Baidu.
This course gives you first hand experience from Andrew Ng... It would have taken years to learn by experience what this course delivers in a few hours. Many thanks!
This is a very supporting course for the advanced machine learning process.Hope, anyone can make a good choice to solve a real life problem with very convenient way
This course really provided me lots of insights how to apply machine learning to real world problems. Consider this to be even more important than in-depth details.
Great course, very important course as well to save time and resources. It helps you get started quickly with projects and also helps you quickly catch a direction.
This course goes beyond the basics of building neural network to the practical challenges and nuances of building and enhancing a full-scale deep learning solution.
At the beginning I thought this course might be a bit obsolete. However, I'm still taking a look at the material provided even aufter i finished the specialization.
A great summary of tactics to improve Deep Learning practices, I will continue to look through this videos to see if I continue to apply the practices in the future
I think that the nicest things were the Flight Simulator tests. They really give an ideia of the decisions you may have to make when working on real world problems.
Very insightful course for those who wants to engage in real machine learning projects. I should also mension very interesting interviews with top ML professionals.
Really great to have insights in transfert learning, data structures, and so on. It helps a lot to have better ideas on the directions to take for your ML projects.
Tells everything one needs to know, be it for an academic or industry project. The techniques and suggestions of this course can change the outcomes of any project.
This course was eye opening with practical guidelines for preparing, executing, testing, evaluating and improving machine learning models for practical applications
Very nice course with interesting insgihts in the way to conduct a ML/DL project. Thanks also for the few eastereggs which highlight how a Cat detector in useful :)
Excellent content for developing a thinking framework regarding Deep Learning projects.  Perfect segue from Courses 1 and 2 into Convolutional and Segue Model Nets.
A unique course that dives deep into the actual problems faced during a machine learning project. My favourite part was the real-world case studies in the quizzes.
An excellent course you learn the principles of how to handle a machine learning project and which addresses to point to in case different types of problems happen
A very nice course which provides overview of carrying out machine learning projects. It provides a lot of insight into the non-coding aspects of Machine learning.
Great class covering the practical elements of ML not often taught elsewhere. This might be one of the more valuable classes in the 5-class deep learning sequence.
very effective and practical training, demonstrates methodologies I can use right away and how to be more efficient than an entire team alone! who can ask for more
I would like to think you for well organized ML deep learning courses. The contents were extremely informative and incredibly useful for my real world development.
Great and a unique course. Much of theoretical material in the other courses is available on the internet, but its difficult to find such things in organized way.
I gives better approach to deal with project. And performs better. More specially thanks for having test like that. It give best experience while performing test.
This course looks easy but this is one of the courses which challenges your subtle understanding of organizing ML projects. I really enjoyed the quiz assignments.
This is an amazing course full of insights from professionals. Which gives you a great insight into how professionals should interact in data science development.
Invaluable course covering the considerations that any data scientist or machine learning engineer should take when undertaking serious machine learning projects.
The Course is informative. Though many times I had the feeling that the course should have been Course 1 instead of 3rd as it gives you an intro to ML strategies.
Important insights on error analysis. Getting to know Transfer Learning, Multi-Task Learning and End-to-End concepts will be very useful when working on projects.
Full of fantastic practical advice that I haven't found anywhere else about machine learning in the real world, when you're rarely given the ideal amount of data.
Too fantastic! I really really enjoyed this course's quiz! So interesting quizzes are they. It makes me remember concepts easier and longer under real scenarios.
Really helpful in providing a systematic way of analyzing the performance of deep learning models and how to address real-world problems that you might encounter
I learned a lot about practical aspects of implementing deep learning models. This is a course i would like to revisit before I start any deep learning projects.
This course helps me to learn a lot of things to consider while developing a Machine Learning based system which are very necessary. That was a great experience.
Great course as always. I learned a bigger picture of applying deep learning in to real world problems. Ready to move on to the next course of the Specialization
Surprisingly good for a course with no coding. I was almost expecting some pointless filler, but content is actually useful and delivers on providing intuitions.
The course gave me really practical insights. The exercises are designed to communicate the concept absolutely clearly. Highly recommended for everyone. Thanks.
Thank you Andrew NG. This thanks is not sufficient for your mentoring to the machine learning community. Thanks for teaching and spreading your knowledge to us.
As stated in the preview of course, this course really does provide excellent systematic advice on practical or applied ML that I haven't come across elsewhere.
Very comprehensive guide on how to initiate an DL project and how to improve its performance based on the nature of the problem, the data available and results.
This course ties all the information from the previous courses into one concrete understanding.The quizzes are mostly subjective based on what is said in class.
There is plenty of room for errors building smart systems with Deep Learning, this course taught me some techniques to narrow down the possibilities. Thank You!
This course contained a lot of great practical tips for implementing Artificial Neural Networks and structuring your own machine learning and learning projects!
It has very useful tricks to improve performance in deep learning projects. Tricks that are not commonly seen in theoretical or academical contexts (if at all).
This course gives the all insights that you need when you a model and working on it's efficiency. A shorter course yet can make a lot of impact on your career.
practical and really liked the quiz in the form of case study. Interviews were really interesting to get an idea about possible new frontiers of deep learning.
Great course, Great quizzes, I wish there could also be some homework or some implementation of the ideas such as Transfer Learning. Anyway, Great as always ;)
This course contains guidelines and references that may help save ML/DL practitioners heaps amount of time in trial-and-error. Definitely worth of re-visiting.
Well structured quizzes. Makes you think, apply sound rationale. Definitely gives a flavor of the kind of decisions you should make in real-world ML projects.
Superb introduction to structuring an ML project. Super explanation from the Guru himself (Andrew Ng) with lots of examples followed by two challenging tests.
This course is pure gold. 99% of these tricks are not taught in any university curriculum and are very helpful in the real-world application of deep learning.
Provides insights and experience that seem like they could take years to learn in a work environment, and which augment the theory and coding taught thus far.
This course is great because it discussed the strategic aspect of ML projects.  All practitioners with some experiences should benefit from this course a lot.
Most important part of machine learning training is the ability to apply it to the real world problems. This course filled this much needed gap. Thanks a lot!
Gave some really good and deep insights on how to work on machine learning projects. Again loved the simple and easy-to-understand explanations of the course.
This course gave a really good insight into some of the real time issues that one may encounter during working on a real-life project based on deep learning.
Superb, after all the mathematics and programming that we learn in earlier courses, this course is more about practical implementation/ decisions guidelines.
excellent. your courses excited me to learn more. and Sir Andrew NG are my role model motivation to learn learn and learn machine learning. Bless you always.
An Excellent way to manage your machine learning projects .Highly recommended if you in a situation where you stuck what to do next to increase your accuracy
very useful and practical lessons from Andrew based on his years' experiences! I feel like I have learned several years' worth of knowledge from this course.
The content was well structured and concepts were explained in simple terms. Highly recommended for professionals who would want to explore deep learning /AI
This course is theoretical, but so much important to know about Structuring  Machine Learning. After this course, one gets idea about the application of ML.
This course would be so helpful when I will meet my researching work and try to perform it better, thanks for Andres's insight for ML projects construction!
This course proved to be incredibly useful to learn about the caveats and thing to watch out for while building real-world, practical deep learning systems.
Excellent content delivered by Dr Ng. It's the highlight of the specialization.Found it very useful in my job as a data scientist when planning ML projects.
This is one of the good course and it is the good knowledge course I like so much and it is the good course I am also implementing this course to my carrier
This course provides some useful guidlines for implementing a machine learning system. The practice questions really helped me understand some key concepts.
Very well structured course with lots of practical wisdom regarding structuring projects and managing implementation with respect to real world applications
Great course that blends in useful tips and tricks of the trade into this otherwise implementation-focused specialization. Andrew Ng is as always brilliant.
Another amazing course from prof. andrew Ng. Great and valuable insights and practical advice and tips for successful implementations of real ML/AI projects
Never seen before material presented on how to improve performance of deep learning algorithms in a systematic manner as well as how to set up the projects.
A brilliant course by a brilliant instructor. I just the love the way Prof. Andrew explains concepts. On the way to other certifications. Thanks a zillion.
this course is really helpful. learning about errors, variance, bias and how to face different distributions of test set, training set in practical manner.
Very  nice to have learn about important Machine Learning and Deep Learning Strategies and how can we systematically build and improve intelligent systems.
Good course to go through for understanding how to approach a machine learning project: manual error analysis, training-dev set creation, bayes error, etc.
A good course to help you how to strategically plan Machine Learning projects and gain insights that only working in the industry can. Thank you Andrew Ng!
A helpful course. It would be nice to review some parts of ML projects even in more details as there are so much places where an ML engineer can be unsure.
By bringing in several real life ML examples/applications, the course helps reveal subtleties, and furthers a deeper understanding of concepts in practice.
This course is well structured and to the point. Course helps to understand practical aspects on how a ML product can be achieved using structured approach
This helped me to get more insight into how to resolve the errors, what approaches are better, and how transfer learning and multitasking can be utilized.
I want to thank Coursera and Andrew Ng for providing this opportunity to learn from a different part of the globe. He is the best teacher I have ever had.
Material very well designed for people with a full time job and kids! Thank you Andrew Ng and team for making these technics so easy to learn on coursera!
Really good and highly knowledgeable trainer! Gives you in-depth knowledge about how to maximize the utilization of data sets in deep learning algorithms.
This course actually gives you some tips that we can gain only after working years on Machine Learning Projects. Highly Recommended Course for beginners.
Easy to understand and follow. Practice questions could be improved by giving some more explanations in the results other than "Correct" and "Incorrect".
Great course. It taught me how not to waste important time in randomly trying out different configurations rather than proceeding in a systematic manner.
nice, as always... But I was a little bit disappointed that there were no any programming exercises :). That is what makes Andrew's courses so exiting :)
Wonderful strategies beautifully presented in intuitive manner with Professor's real practical experience. Pleasure to learn these from Professor Andrew!
I liked both the quizzes as they helped me get an insight into some of the decisions a machine learning developer has to make while developing a solution
The course is excellent for Deep Learning learners and practitioners. It covers most of the scenarios that could show up in an ML project. Great course.
The professor is great. I also think that I have learned unusual things that are not exactly the same as the theoretical things in the previous courses.
Full stars because the course content met my expectations on learning how to structure an ml projects. The guidelines are relevant and highly advisable.
Almighty Andrew NG - I promise to educate underprivileged to get enlightened from this series of course. Really excited for Course 4 and 4 (CNN and RNN)
great class. I am a big fan of the full depplaerning.ai package. I am at the 3rd module and I learnt so much. The material is clear and well structured.
As expected, Andrew Ng has delivered an outstanding course where he shares his valuable veteran-like wisdom with us newbies. Thank you so much Prof. Ng!
Great course, but tweak some of the writing as I've noticed some grammatical errors in the feedback. Also, there is no "Flight Simulator" to be found :)
Really helpful practical advice on dealing with improving ML algorithms.. I am able to apply these strategies in my current work already! Thanks Team :)
A big "THANK YOU" to Andrew and his team for sharing with us knowledge and skills that only extensive and long term experience in the field could bring.
Stuff that usual courses won't cover. Very valuable insights from an experienced practitioner and expert in the area of Deep Learning. Very recommended.
this was an amazing course, thanks to make it happen. thanks that I can learn from the best of the bests, though I never met him personally, many thanks
Very good material, I especially valued the effort to abstract and synthetize ML wisdom like you did here. The ML heros videos are an amazing idea too.
A very good insight into applied machine learning. Some of the points shared were extremely helpful while working on a new ML project! Kudos to Andrew!
A very unique course and it thoroughly stands out in its attempt to give an insight into real world application of machine learning. Amazing work guys!
Fantastic! Now I feel more confident to do my own Deep Learning project with a good structuring.Thank you Andrew Ng and god bless everyone in Coursera.
very practical, helps me understand on what I should be looking at when there is change to the inputs says a new species gets added. Great quiz section
As always, those courses from Andrew Ng provide very useful tips and a good grasp of the global picture of Machine Learning. Would definitely recommend
This course is so helpful as it teaches how to approach and structure different machine learning projects, depending on targets, data availability etc.
missed programming here. But this course was very good for getting basic understanding what to look for when neural don't get you the intended results.
Not about programming, not even about neural net only. It's really a problem solving course with focus on and examples from neural network applications
This course had some very insightful analysis of machine learning problems that are invaluable for any problem. Thank you Andrew Ng for such insights.
I think this course is absolutely amazing for those who first time build a Machine Learning project from scratch. I have learnt much from this course.
The content of this course was amazing. A good summary at an introductory level in order to organize projects and know where and what to tune and fix.
Very interesting and different class in which there was not only technique but also managing a team about ML. This specialization is a total success !
This one does not have programming exercise unlike others, but gives extremely helpful advice on how to improve the overall strategy toward a project.
This course was a starter kit to take tactical decisions while countering the machine learning problems. Thank you Andrew for the exceptional course.
Great Course!It compliments perfectly everything seen before in the specialization, and helps seeing everything more clearly during the next courses.
One of the best courses of the series as it talks a lot about the overall flow of work that we should follow when working on a deep learning project.
Perfect compact course to enrich your knowledge about real-world projects. The load is delicate, as well. Overall, this course is absolutely spot on.
the content is solid, but there are some video editing issues. Periods of dead time, repeats, and in one case mismatch between audio and video timing
Though the course seems to be the SHORTEST, this is the most important one in the first three courses and the MUST one for the freshers in the field.
I learned a lot of basic knowledge in ML; the teacher's beautiful voice and his diligent  sharing information to our student, make me so appreciated
This course is a bit challenging, in a sense that it comes with complex content videos. The quizzes too are difficult but also I learned a lot from.
Really good general Machine Learning course focused on touching main challenges when building  machine learning projects.Definitely worth your time!
This course is very important and practical. If you get this course, I think you can construct a deep learning system and debug it, then improve it.
More theoretical than the other courses, but a great way to exercise the concepts and how to structure the project your application wishes to solve.
The course is quite inspiring. It offers plenty of practical high-level ideas, strategies, and plans. The simulation questions are quite intriguing.
This course teaches useful concepts that are not mentioned in the university courses or popular textbooks. Moreover, the courseworks are insightful.
It's an awesome course. It's important to know how to structure a project and what should be the whole approach. And, This course covers just that!
I like that it gives me the idea on some kind of framework to use when thinking on how to start and how to progress with a machine learning problem
Great Course, got a in-depth knowledge of deep learning, now i got a better understanding how to approach a deep learning problem more efficiently.
I really enjoyes this course, tho it was theoretical but was quite intersting possibly due to variety of examples taken in this course.Thanks a lot
It's a quality course with needful things to empower the beginners for making strategic choices while working on their ML project. Very insightful.
Good for the stage just after learning the basics of deep learning. Good for orienting myself confidently in a direction to solve problems with DL.
After study this course, many real world project related doubts have been cleared. It gives very concise and valuable information about ML project.
Learning the practical tips for implementing the DL algorithms and several ways for improving their efficiency through the best professor. Awesome!
Another great course from Andrew Ng and the TeamI tend to only work on the weekends and I can finish the lectures and assignments during that time.
very informative course on how to organize your project and use the datasets in a more efficient way and avoid strategies which waste time at start
Useful course not only for deep learning but for other ML algorithms.  Reviews issues that one needs to be careful about using statistical methods.
This course tells more method and more details to develop a NN to solve problems. It's really benifitial to know what DL is from the birth of a NN.
Very practical course that explains a lot of rookie mistakes. I love how Prof.Ng makes everything magically easier to learn. He has a natural gift.
This is really helpful for people who want to enter the area of deep learning. Andrew shared with us a lot of ideas, and structured it really well!
Excellent way of teaching the case studies really allowed to me think deeply about the topic and help to develop a good understanding of the topic
I now have a better qualitative approach to solving the ML problems and also come up with effective strategies to improve my overall skills in DL.
As usual the course rocks. Love Andrew's video lectures and clever quiz questions which reinforces how to structure the machine learning projects.
I really liked the simulator approach. Really love being able to learn from Andrew's practical experience, great professor who knows how to teach.
This course is a little short but I still felt leant some useful experience of AI engineering. Thanks the teachers and follows behind this course.
I wanted to skip this one as it sounded not-so-exciting. But it turned out to be a great one, especisally if you are practicing building deep NNs.
Very useful, especially if you are testing numerous models or in industry.  My only complaint is that this should be Course 5 instead of Course 3.
Great course similar to the first two course. I love you Andrew to help learning deep learning as well as structuring machine learning algorithm.
Critical thinking about results of my experiments and how to think strategically in solving problems and running projects was incredibly awesome!
It is one of the best and Important courses of this Specialization. This course taught you which no one tells you about ML projects in real life.
It was a really wonderful and informative course. It really helped me a lot in understanding how to optimize and analyze real-world DL pipelines.
Useful for those who are thinking of ways to debug their AI projects and also learning methods to deal with errors, biases and treating datasets.
Enjoyed the real world scenarios... I think those were super helpful to understand various scenarios and how to strategize ML tool and resources.
A fantastic course, and very cool!! It teaches a lot of the most popular and fashionable techniques used in AI projects. I appreciate it so much.
The material here are truly invaluable as they have been gathered together as one easy reference. Excellent explanation and examples from Andrew.
Incredibly useful course! I believe that I will save many hours of working around models because I of the knowledge that I got from this course!
Thanks for this course. It is really helpful to structure the ML problem and go ahead with the project. A very systematic approach is explained.
There are some errors in the videos (the video doesn't stop when the instructor is done talking, some parts are repeated for a few seconds etc.)
So far the most useful course in this specialization. Not technical intensive, but a lot of useful tips in real world machine learning projects.
Completing this course was such fun and useful for me who is trying to build the good system in Mongolia which is not that good develop country.
This course helped me understand the niches and important things which needs to be noticed while working on a machine learning project.Thank you
i liked these 2 flight simulators course, where i get to be in a virtual scenario, to take the right decision, to save the team and the project.
This course is helpful as a guidance to build my own deep learning project. Based on the guide, I can select proper strategy to achieve my goal.
This course provides deep insights into how to develop an approach to real life problems. A must-do course for all machine learning enthusiasts.
Quite nice and intuitive. Work is pretty light too - as the others can be a tad too codey. Some interesting gathering of thoughts in this module
I liked a lot. I got very big experience . This course is full of advices and best practices which helps you while working through the projects.
So far I feel like this is the most important course in this specialization. Please focus because it will save you a lot of time in the future.
Well its a very straight forward course. Very easy, not very technical but a general overview of What to be done in a Machine learning project.
Really great course, in difference with the first 2 courses this has got a lot of concepts, but those are clear and kind of easy to understand.
I rarely rate online courses. However, this was completely worth it! Excellent course with a lot of "know-how" knowledge. I fully recommend it.
Among other courses of this series, this course brings up some of the most important things every (deep learning) scientist should be aware of.
Andrew Ng is such a great teacher, it is a pleasure to learn machine learning and deep learning from his well thought-out lectures and examples
Awesome . Thank you Andrew N G for these very valuable beautiful concept boosting insights .Very Very good . Really awesome insights and quizes
Great Course, learnt many new aspects that are found nowhere on Internet or Books.Thanks Stanford, Thanks Prof Andrew and Assistant Professors!
I enjoyed the course, the information provided were very beneficial and its not something you can easily read about in other courses or online!
Excellent training to get organized in a Deep Learning project, explaining on real use cases how to select the multiple approaches and tactics.
a very important course providing real life experience with problems we face in our projects. it's a much needed skill that everyone must have.
This is the kind of advice you wish you have had in your last ML / DL project. I really appreciate all the information given by the instructor.
This course expands my view on ML, for example how to analyze errors, and how to make a decision that leads an AI project to a right direction.
Great course, loved the content! The instructor provided great advice on how to tackle problems one might encounter while training neural nets
Plenty of pratical experienece and guidelines that can be used in the practice of DL network defintion and planning of workflow related to DL.
Nice explanation of how to work on deep learning project. Course explains practical aspects, which otherwise I would never understand. Thanks,
Really well structured concise course. Knowing what to do when in a machine learning project is really important and this course teaches that.
Wish I'd done this coarse 2 years ago when we started working on our own ML problems. It's extremely insightful. Will certainly revisit again.
Very good intuitive insights into designing the best suited DL solution as well as making the most out of data and improve system performance.
It is very helpful to have a big picture of where the project goes, and how to make a good use of time to make a bigger impact on the project.
The material in this course is very important. It is not found in books or easily found on the Internet. Very valuable and highly recommended.
A well organized and structured course for anyone who wants to optimize the performance of their model and do the error analysis efficiently.
great content and fantastic way to practically learn various aspects of a real-time ML project. Appreciate the great instructor & lectures!!!
Despite working on ML projects for two years now, found a lot of insights in this course.Thank you all for making these incredible materials.
Very good class. There was a lot of practical knowledge in terms of fitting models and setting up a workflow that are hard to find elsewhere.
Some very sensible advice given in the lecture about how to properly evaluate the ML models though at times the lectures felt a bit too long.
Very Productive Skills were taught which helped me very much to reduce my time and effort on the model and come up with maximum productivity
Great course for strategic part in ML projects. The project-based simulator  is a good way for exercising the ideas learned in the lectures!
I enjoyed this course the most thus far because it related practical experience in the real world, which I currently do as a data scientist.
I know that's really hard to put code section here. But that's necessary for giving example to explain how to put all the knowledge together
An excellent course. This course has some valuable insights on how to organize and systematically move forward in machine learning projects.
Excellent approach in how to solve difficult questions about, wich path to take, related to improve the deep learning models, just excelent!
Really valuable insights into how to make progress and *think* about machine learning projects, and taught in an engaging and practical way.
This course is quite unique in its content and is of great help to guide you in the plethora of options that Deep Learning algorithms offer.
Unique material as claimed, provides an opportunity to practice different decision making skills that are common in a ML practioneers life.
valuable insight on how to build a machine learning model, most of the tricks are omitted in a college course but it is useful in practice.
Excellent course on learning how to plan for different stage of a Deep Learning project and common potential issues people would encounter.
Excellent course and I love the assignments makes you think. Learned more from getting them wrong than the ones I got right the first time.
Very good course. Will take it multiple times I guess.Nowhere I could find this material and it would really help me in my day to day task.
This course is really good for team leaders as you can understand what to do in some real world problems. The simulation part was the best
It was fantabulous teaching from Andrew Ng, in a short period of time I could build up the knowledge on deep learning in an efficient way.
Nice course in addition to the other course in the specialization. Could be longer and deeper but still it's nice to get another insights.
Awesome, as always. Hands on and invaluable Machine-Learning practicing tips that I feel will help a lot in the future. Well don Andrew :)
Excellent course, differentiated with lots of relevant information. Many years of experience translated into a set of best practice guide.
This course is very valuable. Andrew shared a lot of first hand experience which I can hardly find in such a systematic way anywhere else.
Really helpful at getting insight about how to plan your next project, and where to place all your efforts when your algorithm seems stuck
Nice to learn more about the nuances of training neural nets and what we could do to improve performance rather than wasting lots of time.
I have been a huge fan of this specialization. This course particularly helps us understand the errors occurred while implementing ML/DL.
A very unique course covering the subtle problems one starts facing when one works in machine/deep learning projects. Highly recommended.
It is good course to understand real world problems.There is too much theoretical knowledge and exposure but sometimes it is boring also.
Even though I'm quite experienced with training models, I find this course is very useful and can give me valuable directions. Thank you.
This course is more focused on experience and advices that can make the difference in terms of efficiency when implementing ML projects.
Very valuable the practical considerations in implementation of NN or ML systems. I haven't seen anything like these discussed anywhere.
Excellent Course. Gives Deeper Insight to the Structuring of Large Scale ML Projects. Learned Transfer Learning and Multi-Task Learning.
Highly recommend this to anyone who works on personal projects or is a manager guiding a data science team on a machine learning project
Good and interesting course with interesting examples from real practice, and elegant engineering solutions to solved a lot of problems!
These all courses are really very clear and easily taught. I am eagerly waiting for the Convolutional Neural Network and Sequence Model.
It would be better if one passes the quiz, you just show the correct answers and reasons for the questions in which one has made mistake
I learned a lot of helpful techniques after finishing the course. I recommend this course to everyone who is ML projects, enthusiastic.
An amazing course to provide you with valuable knowledge on how to go about implementing your machine learning projects systematically.
Very interesting. Case studies are very useful for self evaluation. Awesome content by Prof. Andrew Ng and his team. Thank you so much.
I really enjoyed Andrew Xg's knowledge and advice in this class.  I especially enjoyed the problems at the end of each week's lectures.
Very practical advice from Prof. Ng. Many of these are the kind of things that nobody tells you about and you have to discover yourself
Professor Ng is a great one! I learned a lot from this course and for sure I will use the knowledge in my future projects!Great course!
Coulda have used a wider variety of examples and real life use cases to explain situations that may arise in the course of the project.
Nice to see some easy to look for tips and places when we typically get stuck and stare at a blank wall in ML/DL problems. Thanks a lot
Thank you very much again for the great learning in this course!  It's very well organized and taught!  Very useful.  Have a great day!
Excellent course. This as said in course is unique one and enables one to learn from others experience (akin to transfer learning :) ).
Nice structure and organization. Some of the assignments are really tricky, and its good for me to revise some of the course materials.
I used to have a lot of related doubts and because of this course I've been able to think them through myself. Thanks a lot, cheers! :)
It has more practical tips on working through a machine language problem which could be otherwise only learned from years of experience
Many practical and useful techniques included in this course, which means you get a boost for the real world applications. Exceptional.
Developed better insights on how to structure and go about solving Machine Learning  problems with proper structure and systemetically
Andrew NG is one of the best teacher in the field of AI. If you really are interested there is no where else to go and seek knowledge.
Really good to gain some of the practical knowledge that goes into applying machine learning and deep learning. This course is a must.
It is beneficial in terms of evaluating the first results of a ML model, then what step to take next or even how to design your model.
This is a very very interesting course since it discusses a lot of subtleties one deals with when developing machine learning projects
Excellent high level discussions. I am thankful I completed this course before getting too deep into my current deep learning project.
Fairly easy course, but important topics to consider when applying MLReally appreciate the real world perspectives Andrew Ng provides.
Loved the pragmatic, real-world focused material and the case study assignment (much more effective than a quiz with random questions)
Quite harder than I expected. However, I think it's the most valuable course out of all 5 courses, which most people miss to look for.
Many of the practical considerations while doing a project are taught in this course. This type of material is rarely found elsewhere.
I like how the homework assignments are structured, they get you thinking like an engineering solving a real world problem. Thank you!
Great and very useful course with lots of tips and clues on how to improve applying machine learning to several different applications
I've joined ML projects, I also made some mistakes like what mentioned in this course. this course really helpful to me, Thanks a lot,
Best course to know more insights about ML projects and how to manage it. It got lot of insights about real life ML project problems.
The course content is not what I expected. It surprised me pleasantly. It was filled with a lot of practical strategical suggestions.
The Course given how to distribute the Dataset into Train,Dev,Test. It also explains what to do when the bias and variances are more.
Excellent case study walkthrough to really make us think into the machine learning projects and what are the best approaches to them.
Great job showing us how to guide and direct our projects in the face of avoidable bias, variance, and varying data sources.  Thansk!
Often it is easy to get lost when fixing/improving your system. Here, it makes things concrete as to which direction to move towards?
Even though it feels very
high level at first, it actually gives us clear directions when handling deep
learning problems in reality.
If you want to learn how to work on real life projects and how to tackle problem you face during that this course is perfect for you.
This course has been, so far, my favourite. What a great experience; generalizable not just no ML project but to projects in general.
I like how this class teaches you not only how an ML pipeline works, but also how to apply it to real life problems. This is awesome.
A fun glimpse into the mindest necessary to implement machine learning projects in practice, something not usually found in pedagogy.
This course is excellent for the basic knowledge of the structured machine learning and thanks to Prof. Andrew for amazing lectures.
Great course that shows you the global picture of a Deep Learning project, and teach you to focus in the metrics that really matters
Fantastic course as per the description, the flight simulators targeting ML are well structured and the instructor is simply superb.
Although you won't write code. This course teaches multiple and necessary techniques very useful in a real problem. Very interesting
Andrew Ng has really put down all his wisdom in this course. Great course for doing machine and depp learning in RealWorld projects.
I think this course is very valuable also for managers who don't work on ML projects as a daily routine, but lead such developments.
i love how the quizzes were structured , they were fun and challenging at the same time they made really take in what was explained
It was very good. The instructor shared experience of building industry level machine learning systems which was interesting useful
I wish there was a programming assignment to practice what we learnt during the lectures.Thank you very much for this great course.
Very interesting ways to think about any ML project. We are now able to interpret the results and have a real analysis methodology.
The 'simulator practice' is very useful. It is actually very very close to what I do at work as a junior machine learning engineer.
Andrew Sir teaching style is awesome. He makes very hard concepts very easy and very explicit about ever detail. Thanks Andrew Sir.
Another excellent course in this specialisation. Lots of focussed, practical advice and techniques to apply to real world projects.
It is a good review course to better understand the data rather than blindly depending on deep learning models. Certainly helpful!!
This is a great course. Give you some aspects of machine learning. Also, it helps you address some problems in practical projects.
This is really helpful  strategy and decision making when facing problem on Deep Learning project. what the awesome quiz exercises
Gives a practical view of machine learning projects in terms of deciding the most promising areas to pursue to improve your model.
I thank dear Andrew for preparing a course that teaches us the things that take an ML practitioner years to master on his/her own.
To dive into the practical and business aspects of deep learning is a need! Andrew Ng shares a lot of his experience in the field.
Concept of Transfer learning, error analysis very clearly explained. Yearning to build my first model on a completely new problem.
This course has practical information that I dont think you can readily find in text books.  Super useful for real world problems.
Improving performance of your neural networks in a structured way - something which is not easy to find as a resource on internet.
Very nice course that explains well how to structure and plan your machine learning projects. I especially liked the case studies!
Very good explanations, we could learn many different things, so thank you for teaching. Keep learning & charming. Thank you 😊☺.
This course saved thousands of hours to be spent on collecting so many valuable hints taken from different fields. Thanks Andrew!
As always, these courses are awesome. I love the "flight simulator approach" for the 2 tests (real questions on real uses cases).
This is a sort of introduction to  high-level strategical view of machine learning practicing. Very practical and easy-to-follow.
I really enjoyed this course! It gives me industrial perception on deep learning projects which I am looking into for many yeats.
Although this was a more theory based course, I really understood the ways one can work on data issues and lack of data problems.
The amount of value this short course gives is enormous and every deep learning engineer should know this much before than later.
I really love the way Andrew NG sorts everything he has to tell in such an understandable manner for listeners. Loads of thanks!!
This course shares a lot of practical wisdom. Anyone who values efficiency and effectiveness is sure to find this course helpful.
It would be even better, if multi-task learning can be taught more mathematically, and with corresponding programming assignment.
It was great to have a structured overview to identify problems in a deep learning algorithm. thanks for putting it all together.
It is a very useful course for anyone who wants a systematic introduction of how to start and manage a machine learning project.
This course serves introduces to a lot of tricks and techniques as to how we should approach Deep Learning Projects in Practice.
Got great insights on how to improve the ML projects, really useful and something you may not find anywhere else on the internet
Must have for anyone who is serious about deep learning. Without having this course, don't even think to start to a new project.
great content of course. Help lot on how to start on new machine learning implementation and how to deal diff different scenario
A wonderful course to learn strategies about how set up and develop the deep-learning network depends on the algorithm's errors.
It's very practical in the practice. and can save a lot time when you solve the problem.I think it very meaningful to my project
What is shared in this course is very practical and will be very valuable to anyone embarking on a real machine learning project
Great insight on how to structure and plan a new project. Lot of practical examples of diagnosing an error and how to tackle it.
Very practical course. Provides really great tools and methodologies for running ML project in the industry. Love it, thank you!
it was a great experience and gave a lot of incite to how to really extract meaning from your performane so as to take next path
Useful experience from Professor Ng's work in building machine learning projects throughout the course. Very useful and helpful!
I loved this course, I learned a lot of how to start and manage a group project if I am starting a new machine learning project
Very practical advises on this course. Instantly I saw them applied to one problem at hand and very schematic approach as well.
Great third course in the series! Feels like we are now catching up to what is currently out there and being done in the field.
Much easier compared to the previous two courses.Teaching more practice experience and advice rather than algorithm and coding.
This course gives the strategies that can be applied to various learning problems. The quiz scenarios are also very instructive
Thank you for clarifying on how to start working on a problem statement, how to approach and how to see the requirement itself.
Great insights given by this course. I encourage other to take this course and learn to see the big picture of deep learning :)
A clear guidance how/not to address Machine Learning Problems with a good variety of AI applications and case studies to solve.
Very good course to understand the problems we might face when dealing/developing a machine learning systems in the real world.
Although there is not a programming assignment, it is a must if you want to actually know how to attack a deep learning problem
Nice one to understand where to start and all parameter to keep in mind while design any Deep Learning Applications. Thank you
This is a great additional course for everyone to structure machine learning until production, Andrew's advice is very useful.
I think this is great at any level of expertise. It makes people aware of design methodologies which are not always intuitive.
Highly recommended. One of the rare courses which train you for real challenges you face in handling any Data Science project.
Very practical cases is really helpful me to understand ML deeply from this course. I like them.Thanks Andrew and your team!!!
This one was a bit more bumpy, but still well structured. Will need to go over it once again, when done with the whole course.
Very practical advice that I can definitely apply in real-life machine learning projects on the job or even on hobby projects.
Machine Learning flight simulator is a really good way to give hands on experience on approach towards practical ML projects..
A short course, but chock full of practical advice on what to do & what to avoid when working on ML problems. I learned a lot.
I learned more about how to look into deep learning problems and work more in this field.Thank you Andrew Ng for this course.
It was an excellent course, I learned about a lot of things that are not given in the university so this course was so useful
I really like this course, getting involved into a real world situation makes you learn faster and with more visual examples.
Great course! I learned so much in such a short time. The things I learned in this course have not been taught anywhere else.
Prof Andrew Ng is sharing wisdom, thanks so much for the openness.This is something that some may consider trade secret or IP
Great courses!! It is very enjoyable to listen this course. It will be better if more exercises can be added to this section.
Very nice course to understand how we can start and run a machine learning project and where to focus to get a better outcome
It's really helpful if you've been working on several deep learning project.These are the exact problems you would encounter.
I got an insight into the practical issues to consider when implementing large scale ML projects from this excellent course !
Great Course - The experts were able to successfully Transfer their Learning from the years of experience in just a few hours
This is Great! Contains full of practical examples , tips and gives us very good sense of howcertain concepts are implemented
Thanks for the beautiful course. It is really helpful in clearing my doubts which I had earlier, but now these helped me lot
This course is of immense value for those who are building and applying the concepts of Deep learning in a real environment.
If u are ever doing a project on deep learning  this course can really save u lot of time and guide u in the right direction
Wonderful material. Really like Jupyter as well. Can't wait to have my own data to work with. It seems that is the turn key.
Gives excellent overview of practical advices and strategies what to do and look for when the network is not doing good job.
So many things seems obvious when he explains it,but those topic are from real time  project experience.I really enjoyed it.
It is a very useful course. The ideas and rules to build machine learning projects can also apply to other area of research.
Thank you Mr. Andrew Ng. and people involved with the course for making it so informative, Learning friendly and flexible..
i learned end to end learning and how to solve some ML errors and also learned or got an idea of how a self drive car works
I loved the practical knowledge this course contained. I feel like it contains so many things that are useful for industry.
The course was very useful, and it covered all the practical aspects of deep learning. Will definitely help my career in ML
Gives very practical advice on how a problem in machine learning can be approached. Recommends it to deep learning newbies.
It is such a masterpiece in Neural Network. I feel like I am fully equipped now and I cannot wait to dive into CNN and RNN!
An amazing course covering those industry relevant aspects of deep learning and machine learning which not many courses do.
It will be nice that, after the quiz is passed, correct answers along with explanations will be provided for all questions.
This course made me more skillful in deciding the factors to improve the performance of my model without wasting much time.
Very useful to have clear guidelines to deal with datasets, how to synthesize them eventually and clarify transfer learning
it was a great learning experience . the questions in the quiz were quite detailed and tested every aspect of our learning
This part of Deep Learning Specialisation is very helpful because this help us in resolving our problem related to dataset
Amazing tips and tricks to fine tune and improve the Machine Learning models. And as always Andrew Ng does not disappoint.
Very interesting course!! It had many practical and important insights to deploy deep learning for real-life applications!
Very useful aproach to think about my next project on the ML Industry. I can see saving me a lot of time during a project.
Great course!! Very useful tips for analyzing the model, and can find the more promising directions to optimize the model.
I expected more practical exercises. The "Course 3" ended up more theoretical than practical. Maybe I'll rewatch it later.
Useful_knowledege_and_rarely_taught_in_other_books/blog/college_classes_(Somehow_I_can't_type_spaces_in_this_comment_zone)
This course has been useful for me immediately in the workplace, for getting things done and showing results for my work.
Also the amazing course from specialization. A tad less exciting than previous ones, but still very useful and practical.
This course is excellent. It clears all the concepts from scratch. Thank you Andrew ng for giving such wonderful content.
A must-do course for anyone who is looking to participate in a competition or creation a model for real-world application
Great course, helped me to really understand the details on how a Deep Learning Project should be executed at every step.
As always, great work by Andrew and team. Got to know many new concepts like Multi-task learning and end-to-end learning.
Andrew was on the top level as usual. Just for somebody interested in more of such advice: look at his "ML Yearning" book
By attending these lectures years of learning which only could have  possible with experience can be learned in few hours
As a new grad job seeker, this class is important for my career thought it's high unlikely be asked in the job interview.
In this course, you will get the knowledge that no one teaches you, that is how to make models in the most efficient way.
It is a bit theoretical, but it is very helpful for those guys who are planning to start their setup of Machine Learning.
Very well structured course, understands better and improving my skills much more further in this course. Learning a lot.
It's a another great course from the deeplearning.ai. This course is really helpful in managing my deep learning project.
Awesome insights to starting and structuring a deep learning problem. Must see for even experienced people in this field.
Really helpful Course in being able to decide parameters around my on-going College Project on Food Calorie Estimation..
Very good case studies in-line with concepts taught in the course.  Very good Extract of  real life project experience .
Prof. Andrew Ng is so awesome, so much useful to strengthen foundations and first principles along with solid intutions.
This is a great way to learn to make choices for solving machine learning problems. Should have more quizzes like these.
Its a good course to build the basic knowledge what you should have before starting the implementation of deep learning.
Very explanation of training sets, dev sets, test set. How to create strategy for creating a Machine Learning algorithm.
Great course! I learned a lot of best practice on how to structure a ML project, from metric defining to error analysis.
This was a short course, but it was packed with first-hand knowledge of the industry. I enjoyed the quizzes/simulations!
The speed of a couple of video's (e.g. End-to-end deep learning) seems to be accelerated, which appears a bit unnatural.
Very good complement to the first two courses on deep learning, a lot of useful tipps on machine learning understanding.
Highly recommended. Gives deeper insights into how a real-time project would be like and how to deal with the situation.
It helped me a lot to understand the subtleties related to data structuring before even worrying about the architecture.
One of my best experiences every with DeepLearning. The quiz questions helped a lot to understand real world challenges.
Professor Ng gave a very good explanation on how to approach ML projects step-by-step. The quizzes are also really good.
Lot's of practical advice. Revising the questions / answers in the quizes could potentially further improve the quality.
another excellent series of information about deep learning. The entire course has been great and I recommend it to all!
This course gave me very good insights that a machine learning enthusiast should have while working with deep learning.
VERY NICE COURSE, GAVE LOTS OF PRACTICAL GUIDANCE TO AVOID COMMON MISTAKES WHICH CAN OPTIMIZE PROJECT TIME AND ACCURACY
Experience based practical and seemingly precious advice on tuning NNs, explained in a clear intuitive fashion. Thanks.
Great course! Andrew's personal experience really helped me develop a "strategy" of leading a ML project in the future.
Really great and unique content for selecting the right approaches to solving real live problems with machine learning!
this course is so much great! from this, I learned many knowledge about how to structure our Machine Learning Projects.
Very well taught course, most comprehensive and well rounded of the courses in the deep learning specialisation so far.
Great insights into understanding the sources of error in your algorithms and how to prioritize improvement strategies.
This course gives an understanding about the management of a Deep Learning project. I found these insights very useful.
Great knowledge. Really helped me with interview preparation too. Learnt some stuff I really should have already known!
Well organized course, clear explanation, extremely practical and helpful. Thank you very much, the group of Andrew Ng!
Another great course. I am just loving all the courses in deep learning specialization. Looking forward to next course.
this course offers a great set of important points for the development of ML projects, I should have learnt it earlier
Very useful course. It helps me to make more precising decision and bring up many ideas about developing a neural nets
good course. It introduced many practical aspects of deep learning. This is even more useful than the typical theories
It's a great course to know about the structures in which one should proceed while doing ML projects and improving it.
The most useful course to face machine learning projects, independently of your skills in machine learning algorithms.
Great course for those who are interested in gaining an upper hand on the right way to manage a deep learning project.
It is impossible to guess how to evaluate the performances of an algorithm and the possible traps without this course.
Need Some more reference related to these topic covered in this courses. If possible please email me.Thanks in advance
Thanks for your help to make me have the chance to know more about deep learning and ML.Thank you(all of the workers)!
This course focuses more on the design concept for machine learning and sometimes the videos are quite long to follow.
Good course, help to understand how to tune your deeplearning networks, a guide to improve your deeplearning networks.
More of like a business mindset applied to DL projects. Really useful to understand DL from this scope and perspective
Very instructive on how to build a real-world machine learning project. He gave a lot of useful tricks and strategies.
because of their various flight simulators, have helped a lot in understanding the various concept of deep learning .
Great overview of how to access performance and create a workflow for the ML projects. Easy to understand concepts :)
This course is more concerning about the strategy, it is helpful for implementation under the complex neural network.
These interviews at the end are really insightful thanks for doing a little extra effort. Very happy with this course
For me this is a continuation of the last course. Very useful to get a broad understanding of deep learning projects.
It is all about though to deep learning. No code-task but still is more important. Is is all bout real-world solution
This is a short and sweet set of lectures that provides insightful guidelines about machine learning / deep learning.
A good introduction for discussing the details about how to think while designing a machine learning related project.
Again another excellent course. Thank you Andrew Ng and team and also the vibrant community of students in the forum.
This part is about the real world experience with AI.  I go through the couse 2 times to learn all these widom of AI.
It is rare to find courses where real life problems are shown and explained. I learned a lot from this small course!
Really liked the course materials,the assignments were really close to the real world scenario and quite  relatable.
it's great, everything explained clearly and intuitively, but featback from programming assigment would be better :)
Very important common practices in ML, especially the tips of error analysis and ways to solve very common problems.
Very interesting course. Excellent tools and tips on how to guide your deep learning development.Useful information.
It's a great course for new comers to learn much about how to start a ML project,  as well as some great strategies.
Superb course!! The materials are very new, directly coming from the vast knowledge and great honesty  of Andrew Ng.
it was a great course, all the concepts were explained with good examples. great quizzes to test one's learnings :)
Really excellent course. Definitely opened my eyes to a more strategic and systematic approach to machine learning.
Gives a lot of practical advice that helps one understand how to apply the concepts that were presented previously.
The course was full of knowledge and resources such as the quizz. Andrew Ng Sir teaching and examples were awesome.
From this course, I have learned unique techniques to handle my own future projects. Thanks to Andrew and Coursera.
Excellent mature route while starting a real deep learning projecte, Adrew's rich experience can really help a lot.
Amazing course cover not-to-common concepts that will save you innumerable hours in your machine learning projects.
It is highly recommended, and you can have a clear and broad-view of how to organize and manage a mature DL project
Good compilation of tricks to improve efficiency when developing, training and testing your deep learning projects.
Giving me much intuition about the stratege and ideas in ML.I think that will be very useful for me in  the future.
This Course looked less important from the outside. Surprisingly gave me new ideas and cleared many misconceptions.
Very useful information. This course gave a chance to understand organize the neural networks and machine learning.
Very useful for beginners as this course explains many practical aspects techniques to approach real world problem.
Very informative course. It would have been nice if there was an assignment on an application of transfer learning.
best ML course. Hopefully we see more courses like this . Maybe for specific problems or tools like tensorflow etc.
If you learn how to improve your machine learning applications efficiently, I highly recommend this course for you.
This is the most practical and well explained course on Deep learning implementation that I have ever come across.
Absolutely brilliant. What people learn after working on deep learning for years, Andrew taught us in this course.
Gained good insight into the practical aspects of DL through this course and how to go about doing Error Analysis.
Very practical and insightful course. I am sure these concepts will really help me when building my own ML systems
That was clear! However, some videos was ill-paced or I guess  there was something wrong with the speed of videos.
very sightful course, i learned how to work on machine learning projects and how to analyse errors in development.
Very useful training that provides additional insights for a better plan and result's analysis of your ML projects
This was the most useful course from the first  three courses in this specialty; looking forward what will be next
Great hands on experience with deep learning. It surely help a lot for building insight what deep learning can do.
Good course to build up your knowledge on how to go about structuring machine learning projects in the real world.
Very interesting and informative course. Professor Ng was quite good at teaching complex phenomena in an easy way.
Great course that shows you many different concepts and how you can approach different problems you may encounter.
This is so useful!!! I know now what to do when I blocked: keep iterating: start quickly and iterate until success
Invaluable if you are implementing a project, which is, I guess, what we must do to fully understand the concepts.
Abundant practical, industrial-level advice on ML projects and their improvements. Awesome course, awesome Andrew.
Good review of the machine learning mentality and how things can be simplified when using this kind of strategies.
You will get a lot of practical and useful advice from this course for building a applied machine learning system.
Perfectly explained many analysis oriented steps to take while trying to optimise a Machine / Deep Learning Model.
The course is awesome! i do love the Pro.Andrew !  Thank u so much, Andrew, i have learned a lot from this project
I found the material provided in this course very important on how to have insights when dealing with ML projects.
It is very interesting course . It is an amazing course for explaining the concepts of design deep learning models
Amazing overview of problems you will be facing when developing a machine learning system. Thank you prof. Andrew!
Everything is great. Additionally i would prefer a detailed description of F1 score. thanks a lot. regards, Vidya
Excellent clarification on basics of machine learning error analysis, dataset usage and model performance tuning.
Very useful course, with important practical guidelines on things usually being overlooked and real-life examples
It was real fun. I've completed the first three course of the specialization looking forward to start fourth one.
Excellent Course Material. I am running a few Projects and this aligned my thinking process really well.Thank you
This course gives very useful advice about how to address machine learning projects and how to improve the effort
this course contains valuable information about the practice of deep learning, hard to find in technical sources.
Practical approach. If you dont want to waste your time on commercial solutions, invest some time to this course.
In every new course I become more and more excited about deep learning. Thanks professor Andrew, thanks Coursera.
course3 is great! I learned a lot about actual side of development cycle. I enjoyed quiz also. Thank you so much.
Like the design concept and content of Quiz, allowing us apply strategies right after courses. Thanks, professor!
The content of this course is special because it gives practical tips not found in books and other such courses.
This was an extremely useful course for and presented many insights that are applicable for me in my daily work.
Great course and lecturer like always! Especially in this course, I liked the number of practical tips! awesome!
The strategy given in this course could be very useful and directional in different scenarios of the ML project.
The course was helpful in building concepts that are not well taught as part of other deep learning curriculums.
ML is just awesome. It's so much motivating and eye-opener to every good job I thought of. Let me keep learning.
It is a useful course that I recommend. You can learn a lot about improving neural networks and troubleshooting.
This course gives a very insightful perspective when looking to machine learning problems and how to solve them.
The course does a good job in explaining the real life problems that we will face while solving deep learning pr
Great practical advice on how to approach machine learning projects - helps with defining tangible project goals
I cannot say how much I appreciate Andrew sharing his approach with us. It has helped me immensely in my career.
Great and very helpful course and again i wanna give another hats off to my most favorite Instructor Andrew Ng.
It is a great course for those who want to learn how to analyse and save time doing error analysis on DL models
Very interesting course with lots of helpful advices from Andrew Ng how to structure and organize a DL project.
A great course to get insight into dealing with the outcomes of a machine learning project.Thank you very much.
This course is extremely important because it learns you how to plan and formulate your deep learning projects.
One of the very few courses that teaches how to improve the performance of machine learning models in practice.
Sometimes a little to repetitive, but great insights and these flight simulators are NIIIICE. Really well done.
Really great course, would recommend every machine learning student as well as professional to enroll for this.
Very well presented. The strategies given are helpful in deciding how to approach any machine learning project.
learning strategic thinking of managing a machine learning project and some tips on performing model diagnosis.
Great courses to help ML engineers to better master how to structure their ML projects nicely and scientificly.
Really useful information about how to structure your projects, based on what kinds of data you have access to!
This is an amazing
course for people that are just starting with neural networks and for
advanced learners too.
Great course for learning the practical aspects of deep learning. Homework assignments are particularly useful.
This course mainly focus on those people who are working in industry out there but also good for beginners too.
The course covers a lot of interesting angles in designing a ML project. The assignments are thought provoking.
A lot of instruction on model set up experience, especially helpful for new students starting on a new project.
Great explanation by Andrew NG. Very much detailed points which can be helpful in any machine learning projects
it is really practical lesson.Nothing like this is  in the internet !!Thank for me taking this kind of lessons.
Excellent course, giving a good sense of strategic and more systematic thinking about Machine Learning Projects
Basic of structuring a Machine Learning project, which is required to everyone before starting a project work.
beautiful course,learnt so many little details of structuring a ml project which people usually tend to ignore
Very interesting course, lots of insight of possible practical problems, great addition to the specialization.
As claimed by the instructor, this course imparts unique and truly valuable knowledge based on his experience.
This course provides a lot of very practical knowledge for machine learning professionals that will be of use.
Must learn one, because all of the mentors experience were shared and this enables us to work in ml like a pro
Just really great to absorb all of the experience of you Andrew! This will definitely help in my current work!
Good course on ML project strategies. A little bit confusing questions, but it was a great exercise.Thank you!
Though no programming assignment in this course it was challenging to grasp all the content and clear the quiz
Fantastic course, it has helped me develop a systematic framework for approaching problems in machine learning
A must take course.As always sir andrew is excellent and introduce to us real life machine learning scenarios.
Really intuitive, very impressed with this course. Feels like I am ready to dive into industry grade projects.
The course helps learners to have clear understanding on how to apply DL to projects with numerous strategies.
Highly practical aspects of Ml addressing issues that could most likely encounter in real-life applications...
Outstanding and unique ideas on ML Strategy. Probably, ideas with error which is very close to Bayes error. :)
Excellent insights in structuring and optimising ML projects; tips & tricks, pitfalls and ways to solve them.
I have come back to this course multiple times when seeking input on machine learning projects. Very helpful!
This course helps to tackle real-life problems. while doing any deep learning project. This course is helpful
It's beautiful. These theoretical knowledge are very much helpful. Great explanations . Thank you very much .
Extremely thought provoking for an aspiring Deep Learning student! I love how well thought out everything is!
An extraordinary course that collects numerous practical questions regarding concrete Deep Learning projects.
there should also be the course where you can learn the coding techniques on how to apply these concepts.....
The good strategies I learned can even save much time on the project which is not in the deep learning field.
This is a great course! I have learned so many great ideas that I could have never learnt from other courses!
Great course! I haven't found any course where the instructor teaches how to proceed with real-life projects.
Excellent course that helps you to think like an AI practitioner as regarding how to problem solve and debug.
Andrew's explanations are so great and an in-depth analysis of one's model can boost performances incredibly!
this course is very useful and gives a very good understanding of how to approach a machine learning problem.
This is a very good course explaining all the hacks for completing a machine learning project at a super pace
Lots of good advises and guidance for analyzing the performance of  neural network effective and efficiently.
very helpful in project level. tells you what decision to make and which direction to go by looking at result
This course teaches a data-driven approach to manage an applied ML project, using really accessible concepts.
I gain good knowledge from this course. Explanation is very well and clear to understand. Thank you so much.
Another course completed. It was defo good, but wouldve enjoyed more had there been a programming assignment
It's fantastic journey. You can learn more strategy and real case study in this course. Learn more, do more.
a very nice course and a huge respect to the people who are behind the screen and to the lovely instructors.
It was very informative course! I am happy that I have accomplished it. It improved my understandings of ML!
It's a good practical advising course, it help me so much aplying knowledge in text multitask classification
Good course for theoretical understanding. Somethings it is necessary to have an eagle's eye view. Thank you
Very useful information for deeper understanding of iterating development process and key accents during it.
Superb take-aways. Im sure this course knowledge will help me build solid models. Thank you Andrew and Team!
Great course that provides an overview of how to structure ML projects, and various considerations / options
there are practical content about how to optimise models and accelerate the optimisation process. I like it.
I like the high level guidelines part in this course, barely find these kind of material in other resources.
It was outstanding course but if there was some programming exercise then it might be more and more useful.
Great content, straightforward teaching. I really loved this training. Best of coursera I have seen so far.
Amazing content, really useful and straight, was very happy with the questions raised and problems exposed.
Andrew Ng is simply the best at relating a deep understanding of ML concepts to practical applications. ...
Very practical knowledge and advises from the Professor to make real world practical Deep Learning systems.
The quizzes were really interesting, and I thought they did a great job of introducing real-world problems.
Another really useful course on Neural Networks that will help improve your results, and it's only 2 weeks.
Excellent course. Loved the case study format - good break from the other style of the rest of the courses.
Very rare and good insights into the real problems faced and the right thinking framework to go about them.
I think that this course will give me help about solve problems when i work with machine learning projects.
This course teaches how to run a ML project with very practical and intimate examples I can easily imagine.
Useful course to understand how to act when some issues appear at the moment of working with your project.
Very good courseVery important insight, practical both for academia and for industry. Thank you so much!!!
Very helpful insights from the business view of how things are running in real life data science projects.
A great introduction to structuring projects, with a good emphasis on the proper structuring of data sets.
Getting a knack of this specialization due to the people who are involved with it,especially Andrew Ng Sir
Andrew makes the topic interesting and easy to grasp. The assignments are very well written. Great course!
provided much needed inputs on approach to problems and strategies for improving the performance of models
Loved the course and the material. Transfer learning topic was especially helpful. Loved the case studies.
Outstanding course digging into difficulties that would otherwise take many years of experience to manage.
This course has really helped me in reflecting on previous projects and extracting the lessons from them.
The assignment questions are nicely framed for theoretical understanding of working on an actual project.
Got to learn things that normally may take years of experience. Great course taught by a great Professor.
As always, Andrew is a great instructor and this course has given me some important AI-related abilities.
The way NG Sir explains the content is simply amazing.  I can't wait to complete other courses of NG Sir.
Very powerful course, to learn fundamentals which helps you a lot in describing and building your project
Nice course for inspiring and making us understand how to go with projects. Thank you to the instructors.
I learned a lot of interesting and valuable insights, and all the information in the course seems useful.
Content of this course is very different and new. Very clean and detailed information has been presented.
Best ML course I have taken - very unique compared to other ML courses online. Very practical and useful!
Great class.  They say experience is the best teach, but some one else's experience is sure a lot easier.
This is a really awesome course which gives you a very good insight of how to work on ML and DL projects.
Teacher Andrew talks many differences between ML and DL implementation, which is a pretty awesome course.
I loved this course. I've learned so many practical skills that I've already started to apply to my work.
very useful concepts for systemic approach to tuning machine learning projects, thank you for the course!
It was a great course, this course conveys very good ML Strategies. Thank You Andrew Ng for this course.
Very helpful, Sign of model building approach which generally we learn through many years of experiences
Provided much-needed insights that only come from years of experience, and rarely covered in text books!
helpful in testing your knowledge if you already have knowledge about machine learning project pipelines
After reviewing this course, it gave me huge confidence on how to analyze for errors and solve for them.
Great course, the conceptual thinking is as important as knowing what the algorithm does. Thanks Andrew!
I couldn't have ever imagined anything about real life projects without having been through this course.
I liked this course because is simply and you have to use all your thinking to solve real-life projects.
I like the simulators, helps quickly jump to real world applications and helps build the thought process
The lectures are at times long and repetitive,  but on an average it is quite informative and intuitive.
This course acturally told me a lot about how to practie deep learning in a real project. Thanks Andrew!
A very good and organised course giving knowledge about how we can work on real problems.Thank you!! :)
Lot of knowledge in terms of Training , Debugging, and Implementation of End-End Deep Learning Project.
An extremely unique course that deals with actual real life scenarios. Very grateful for this exposure!
This course really helped me to understand which was not covered in my master course at the university.
Another good course in the Deep Learning specialization. Thank you to Prof Ng and the rest of the team.
Very interesting course, that provides a lot of insight for managing your own Machine Learning project.
answers to some questions are quite weird, many students ask on the forum, but no official reply, why??
feels more motivated after finishing this course - get a certificate without scratching head debugging!
Short and efficient lectures for preparing for structuring machine learning projects in the real world.
It helps you understand how data affects your project. Wondering if everyone should learn this first :)
I liked this short course as it gave according to the course title a lot of practical hints and advice.
No Picture supported, so just use the text to describe the [MEME]:'The last lecture of Andrew':  （iДi）
All the courses in this specialization have been very helpful so far. Thank you for this great course!
Very informative and key to solidifying the concepts of deep learning to practical project application
Nice taught me about specific structuring implementations which needs to be checked in case of faults.
Sincere thanks to Assoc. Prof. Andrew Ng and team for sharing the fantastic ideas about deep learning!
best course for gaining knowledge for dealing with project in machine learning.i found it very helpful
Gained a profound understanding about the impact of train/dev/test data in the performance evaluation.
Very great course. AI is the future of human, I must enter this promising area. Thank you, Prof Andrew
A very instructive and practical course. I think it will be very useful when facing a real ML project!
Andrew sir, you really are building confidence in me as I take deeper courses of this specialisation.
Perfect course for your if you are looking for strategies to improve your Machine/Deep Learning model
Very helpful. I have learned a lot about higher-level ideas of machine leaning / predictive modeling.
Andrew Ng's lecture on these topics are really a public service. High quality content from an expert.
Andrew Ng is the best instructor in machine learning.  There is no one who can explain things better.
Awesome course. I learnt a lot about strategies to structure the ML projects in a very efficient way.
Really feels like you're in the driver's seat of a big deep learning team. Truly valuable experience.
Best course to understand the business application/Implementation in different products in workforce.
Real world practical examples and full of advice on how to deal with real life ML projects. Loved it.
Great course and useful content that is not taught anywhere, I believe.Thank you Professor Andrew Ng.
Hope the content taught in this course will take years for a person to acquire. Andrew is the best!!!
Extremely useful advice and hand-on experience from top front-line practitioners in the ML industry.
The insights are so deep it feels like actually working on a machine learning problem. Learnt a lot.
Good practical tips that it's supposed to give us deep shortcuts in order to avoid typical pitfalls.
This helped putting pieces together to think practical ways of looking at Machine Learning Projects.
A course with unique and very valuable insights into building a successful machine learning project.
This course is amazing. These material is so unique to this course and it's hard to find else where.
Though it is a little bit hard for me due to lacking of first hand intuitive, I still learned a lot.
Really helpful course. Thought many strategies for building my deep learning project. Thank You Sir.
Although short, this course offers simple practical tips that could save you a lot of wasted effort.
The lessons of THIS course is practical to solve the problems in real life.This is the WAY to MASTER
The contents are all concepts but very important for evaluation what next step should be done in ML.
A really important course, it teach a lot about the underlying components in deep learning projects.
Nice course on understanding how to to choose deep learning architectures for different applications
very useful, especially the error analysis and bias/variance part, helps me a lot in training my NN.
It was the most interesting course i ever took in my life thank you dr Andrew Ng .i hope u the best
Such an awesome course but I think it should be provided as the last course of this specialization.
After this course , my blurry mind is now more clear about the building machine learning algorithms
Provided me with a systematic approach that I think would have came to me after years of experience
This was a tremendous learning experience!  I am super interested in continuing this learning path!
The course was great. All thanks to Respected Andrew Ng sir for providing such an amazing insights!
The explanation of the concepts is very easy to understand, and the assignments are really helpful.
Thanks a lot about sharing your experience on deep learning problem projects! That's a lot of help!
Useful insights that might greatly contribute to the success of a deep learning project. Thank you!
Great course to gain some insights on how to save time when tackling various deep learning problems
Very good insights and clearly shown approches which cost much pain in real life to learn by doing.
Very, very good and practical strategy for ML projects. Invaluable advice if you are just starting.
This is more like a overall strategy class, teach us to select the method of proceed on DL project.
Knowledge nuggets!!! Andrew Ng, in its known style, explain complex subjects in the simplest terms.
I loved it. This is knowledge that I could actually have never gotten so clear without the course.
Thank you Professor Andrew Ng and teaching assistants Younes Bensouda Mourri and Kian Katanforoosh
This course was really helpful. I rarely found this kind of course in internet but is very useful.
Really helpful pratical advices. Every video is worth watching, I definitey recommend this course.
Very vital for real-life deep learning projects! Teaches subtle nuances that take years to master.
The teacher's explanation has benefited me a lot. I am very grateful for the teacher's instruction
Very helpful to understand different options to progress improving your solution of deep learning.
I learned a few useful insights that might do me good in my current ongoing and upcoming projects.
This course would be so useful for me on tuning and editing models I will make and improve. Thanks
Great course - it was a nice change of pace to have a higher-level view of the processes involved.
This Course Exceptionally well for Students who eagerly wants to pursue in Machine Learning Field.
Superb course. Really practical knowledge that normally isn't taught at schools or online courses.
Excellent practical aspects of ML development.  Flight simulator exam strategy was very effective.
The content of this sub-course is very nice, and I have learned some practical engineering skills.
Great course! Very practical and a great resource for becoming a machine learning product manager.
Excellent way of learning for structured Machine Learning to lead the team of Machine Learning/ AI
Very nice and informative, but, as pointed out but others, w/o homework assignments it is less fun
All the fine tuning details, only experience brings are taught in a very simple and clear manner !
A great class. Can be very useful also for managers of ML teams. No programming experience needed.
Yet another great course by Andrew! It would be very helpful for people like me in the industry :)
Really well structured course with very useful insight on how to setup a machine learning project.
The "simulator" is a great way to learn and to force you thinking before submitting to the grader.
Fantastic course, I love the way Andrew construct the story and context to apply ML in real world.
Very instructive guidelines for structuring ML projets and Andreew Ng is excellent in teaching it
Very different from what is available on the internet and exactly what I was looking for! Cheers!
Excellent! Very through and detailed course presented in a very a insightful and interesting way.
Very informative especially in planning strategies in the development of machine learning models.
There is no project in this course, but I've learned some strategy, which is really helpful, too.
This course really is wonderful in the sense that it gives a proper direction to the ML projects.
I really enjoyed this course... I learned how to make strategies while solving real-life problems
Great course that gives practical tips on making AI models. The simulator exercises are nice too!
The course gives a nice overview of the problems one could encounter when working on ML projects.
Really helpful course. Lots of information on how should you drive your machine learning project.
A guided coding exercise that actualy models the "simulator" scenarios would also be interesting.
Take this course to guide you in the process of tuning parameters and splitting data sets wisely!
Pretty good overview, some knowledge not only for deep learning but for all algorithm developers.
Something is repeated from previous part， And one vedio is black， Wish editor can crop or modifiy
I stand by the words of Andrew: you will not find much of this in the textbooks yet. Great stuff!
Will need to revisit these lectures time and again in future while working or real life projects.
Brief, yet full of practical details useful to optimise the ML approach at the onset of projects.
This is very good source to improve my ml algorithm performance and how to construct ml network .
I liked the insights into how to approach problems, not something I've seen elsewhere. Thank you!
It only takes you a short period of time to get a lot of professional experience, thanks, andrew!
Very good, useful, and important high-level summary on how to approach and structure ML projects.
First time i have learnt such practical aspects of ML which are very important for live projects.
Great practical course, it helps so so so much! I can save a lot of my time. Thank you very much!
I learned a lot of important tips from this course that would help me in real-world ML projects.
I specially loved the Peace case of study because I hate birds, so it was very motivating to me.
Very important course. Thanks to all teachers. The course is designed well so we can learn fast.
Very good course to understand the process of building a Machine Learning/Deep Learning project!
Excellent practical strategies for real-life scenarios. Any ML engineer should take this course.
Great content on how to tune and adjust your neural networks for a proper deep learning solution
A good course to go through the main perspectives about machine learning projects. Helped a lot.
This course is as equally important as understanding the nuts and bolts of the algorithm proper.
Thanks for sharing this valuable experience for tuning machine learning projects. Realy helpful!
Good high level insights to making your thought processes more efficient to not waste man hours.
Invaluable insights from the point of view of a  ML practitioner. Easy to understand. Priceless.
Some videos contain black screens, but the course is very good. Looking forward to the last two.
This course is invaluable. very successful to share years of experiences. Thank you very much :)
Very theoretical but important.  could have added some practical exercises on confusion matrix.
Best course! Even an expert in Machine learning and Deep learning need this problem iterations.
Very insightful, covers a lot of topics and gives a good intuition on how to start a ML project
The course material is very useful, and will definitely help me with the project I'm working on
Very useful course from Andrew NG if you think you will work in a quite big deep learning group
it was a very intuitive course and wonderful sets of case studies to make us think deep enough.
Excellent course! Very good complement of the Machine Learning Stanford Course. Very practical.
Very practical course content along with the very effective machine learning simulator problems
This one course is short, simple, filled with interesting knowledge. It gets better and better!
The course is good . Could also be taken separately even if one don't know about deep learning.
It was awesome , sharing real life experiences and putting it all together. Thank you Andrew!!!
Interesting course. Quiz was a bit challenging but with real life applications. Course was fun
I 'm excited about learning how to can compare with human-level error and find avoidable bias.
Very nice course to show the full variety of possible challenges while including stakeholders.
that was a really really helpful course, to understand basics of how to think as a researcher.
THIS WAS AN EXTREMELY HELPFUL COURSE AS IT HELPED ME TO GET AN OVERVIEW OF REAL-WORLD PROBLEMS
This is Practical Machine Learning course.If you are ML/AI Engineer you must take this course.
Very helpful. Gives important insights into building and designing a machine learning project.
cool, but it will be better if we could do some project (including design & coding) by ourself
Exceptional though provoking and pragmatic methodology to drill down the lane of deep-learning
Learned a lot of real time issues and solutions that are not generally taught in other courses
Much less intensive than the first few courses, but still lots of great practical information.
Very well organized course. Thank you, looking for the next two courses in the specialization.
Very informative and glad to learn practical tips and lessons from Andrew.Thank you very much.
The minor details that play a major role in projects are beautifully described with examples.
One of the best courses I have ever done with a bird's eye view of machine learning problems.
Enjoyed the course. It covers all the details on how to approach a project from start to end.
One of my favorites out of the series so far. Less technical but very useful insights shared.
This course was very helpful. I learned about how to proceed in a project in a realistic way.
Fantastic course! Learned a lot! Do it in combination with extra resources for maximum effect
course deals with many real life problems one gets while working on machine learning project.
I think this course is cool, it help me understand how to apply machine learning from scratch
Its a good walkthrough for all the details that need to be considered when starting a project
it's a great learning track for me and I am enjoying it !! Thanks Professor Andrew and team !
I think this class is the most important one of five. Essence of the real world applications.
Very good course on ways of optimizing your deep net. Also very tricky questions in the quiz.
Excellent course. It provides practical insights into working with machine learning projects.
Excellent high-level advice on steering your efforts during the development of Data Products!
This course gave a wide perspective on developing machine learning models in the real world.
Great course!Never before Ever after, these kind of courses can be taught in any university.
I think this course is extremely useful picking up a practical skills in doing  ML projects.
Course is easy to understand and thanks to instructor and coursers make such amazing course.
It is really a useful course that summarizes lots of tips and tricks. Thanks alot professor.
This course is very valuable as it captures a lot of practical experience from Prof. Andrew.
Very engaging and gives a lot of exposure to problems which are likely to occur in real-time
So good course, I really like  the form like Andrew teaches and the concepts were too clear.
This course helped me achieve my confidence in proceeding with any machine learning project.
Great course. Great follow up for course 2. Better deployment of models into the real-world.
Excellent questions. I wish there are more exercises like these simulations for this module.
Excellent course. So much of learning and expert insights for folks curious about ML and NN.
This lecture was really helping to get clear insight of structing machine learning progects!
Thanks to Andrew Ng, who has put his all experience of problem solving in this short course.
Very good course. New information about how to structure a ML project with real-life issues.
Excellent course. Thank you for providing such a beautiful curriculum with good explanation.
Very well structured course. I liked the Machine Learning flight simulator. Amazing teacher.
Learnt a lot about ML project planning! Felt more confident to start on one from the get-go.
May be after a long time I could understand exactly how to struct machine learning projects.
I learn how I can solve frequent problems in this course. And this course was very helpful.
Great course!!!Got better intuitions on how to structure our ml project for better results.
This course was really helpful to learn some of the more practical aspects of deep learning
Great insight for ML projects. But a bit more video editing of the lecture might be needed.
I have learned a lot about practical project application of machine learning! Very helpful!
Great Course. It covers all the practical requirements needed for machine and deep learning
Anyone can train, but how to improve in a systematic way, can be learned from this courses.
One of the most important course for me without doubts. Thanks a lot for this great course!
Interesting course, but some example with structured data application would be appreciated.
It is very useful. Perhaps a bit too much of information for two weeks, but worth the time.
Great course to assimilate in best way how structure projects and what best practices apply
Gives a very good picture  of list of things to keep in mind while taking up a new project.
Full of advice on how to tackle a wide variety of problems common to deep learning projects
Highly impactful course for anyone going into machine learning, especially for team leaders
A really great course that goes over materials that are rarely covered in Machine Learning.
Really helpful practical advice, almost all of which I put to good use at work immediately.
Genial, this course explain things that can be really useful for develop a ML application.
l loved the course.I gained so much knowledge about the machine learning and its projects.
This course is awesome and quiz part is amazing and it is different from the other courses
Bias or Variance? what to tune and why? A very interesting course to structure ML projects
Amazing course! I wish all of my engineering classes had this kind of real world pro tips.
Fantastic Course... enjoyed the practical knowledge that Dr. Andrew gives in the videos...
an amazing course providing professional level insights on doing machine learning projects
Awesome to get all those tips and advice from someone with Dr. Ng's experience! Thank you!
Thank Professor Ng for teaching us strategies that we could not learn from somewhere else.
An extremely useful course that puts in place the best practices of ML project structuring
This is a really god course that help us build models in real world by saving lot of time.
Excellent course. Covers problems you your algorithm, how to identify them and solve them.
Very useful course on how to treat train/dev/test sets, with very interesting assignments.
a very practical course about dealing with the day to day eperience in ml related projects
Bias and variance are tough to understand, but very important when in the real world. Thx!
Excellent Actionable Advice on Strategic Approaches For Improving Machine Learning Models.
the simulators are a brilliant idea, so sad we can't practice after the course has closed!
Great Insights. Will be definitely useful for anyone who wants to implement deep learning.
I really enjoy this courses... theres a lot of good tips that you can put in practice ASAP
An extremely useful course to practice, debug and build good deep learning based systems !
It helps to rethink about my machine learning projects and how I can better structure it.
This is the most important and useful segment (relatively) over the entire specialization
Great Thanks to Anrew for running such courses and providing real expirience to everyone!
I am glad that  I got a chance to learn more about machine learning with good instructors
Very practical tips and scenario cases. Things that lack in many courses around internet.
Very good insights about how to optimize and debug real world deep learning applications.
Andrew explained the concepts well and provided so many tricks and tips to resolve issues
Very helpful and insightful. I will apply it in structuring my machine learning projects.
Really insightful course on parts of the ML process I would not have thought to look into
Excellent course, that teaches to think like a deep learning researcher and practitioner.
It is very intuitive and will help to accelerate the development progress in real project
Excellent guide on how to get operations started correctly and keeping on the right track
Lectures were really helpful because they were very inclined towards real world problems.
Less technical than other classes in the series, but a good class for rounding out skills
This is an excellent course, it offers tips that can only be achieved through experience.
Great course that gives a feel of what it is to work on a long term deep learning project
Very nice class ! It's very helpful for people to process real deep learning application.
This course is great - probably more useful than the other two but harder to get through.
Excellent course, and very informative. You will not find this information anywhere else.
deterministic key-points to analyze when handling machine learning projects.  Excellent!
This course give a good idea on the problems a company or team may face on a ML project.
great course, it gives great intuitions about how to structure machine  learning problem
Excellent Insight into some very useful topics while building some practical ML systems.
Nice study cases, with real life scenarios helped me understand the flow of ml projects.
Thank you! I feel excited that I can pass to next courses about cnn and sequential data.
An invaluable guide on practical issues to consider when shaping deep learning projects.
awesome learning on how to handle various challenges that arise out of machine learning.
This course has many practical insights that are rarely found in books or other courses.
Very good advices for applying DL. It's hard to learn about these tricks and approaches.
Great course.  the material is pretty unique. It is rare to find this  other literatures
This was a very useful course for learning the process of building deep learning systems
Very interesting content and a new perspective on thinking about problems; good quizzes.
Great course again, very practical and intuitive way to organize a deep learning project
Very concrete guidance for designing deep learning projects as well as analyzing errors.
Very exciting course! A less technical than the previous ones, but yet very magnifying!
I got much help from this course in proceeding further with my machine learning project
Really useful lectures to establish my mindset for solving problems using deep learning
Nicely Explained how to overcome certain problems while making a brand new ML projects.
It was phenomenal. It would have been better if it had a little bit of programming too.
Amazing course !!! It has some really good and practical methods to improve the models.
Very helpful and gets a clear idea on how ML teams working on optimization of DL Models
Cannot thank Andrew Ng for these courses, simple, easy to understand and very practical
I'm IT business analyst. Glad to have taken this course.One word Sir, Amazing insights.
The content is extremely practical and applicable to real-world projects. I enjoyed it.
The course material is a bit boring than other courses but still got to learn a lot. :)
Thank you for your great  course and making it accessible to students, Prof. Andrew Ng!
Quite fast to achieve, done in 5 days Good tips for structuring a deep learning project
Practical knowledge that tells people what to do next when problem occurs in AI project
Short course. Provide sufficient insights for deep learning project strategy selection.
Must try course for every data enthusiast.Thanks Andrew Ng for such a brilliant course.
It is a great course that teach you how to find your way around practical deep learning
Clear explanations and interesting solutions to problems. Definitely worth checking out
I learnt many practice guidelines for ML projects, which can be very useful in my work.
It is a really great MOOC, which present you many practical skills in real ML projects!
Great course to put the typical machine learning structure into the real world problem
This course is really hard to understand. Need more practice and detailed explanation.
There was a best experience thet I have got from Structuring Machine Learning Projects
extremely good. gives a good idea about how to attend our own machine learning problem
A great course to learn about the right way to approach a machine learning application
A very helpful course to improve our ML performance in practice, and highly recommend!
Amazing  course to understand the real life practical application of Machine learning.
Andrew Ng is brilliant and very good instructor. He konws students' thought very well.
Very useful course, necessary for practical ML projects (planning and troubleshooting)
Appropriate for knowing practical details of how to do project planning for a problem.
This is very informative & came to know about best practices in Data Science projects!
Very useful content! I can see myself applying these principles to all my ML projects.
Thanks very Andrew  for making it simple and intersting to learm such complex subjects
It would be nicer if we can have some coding assignment as well like the other course.
Excellent course, I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in Deep Learning.
It gives you very useful ideas! I am eager to start implementing what I have learned.
The course is excelent. The instructor (the professor ) is superb. The level excelent
It provides really useful tips which actually need years of experience in this field!
This part of deep learning presents high insight and a broader picture on ML project.
Extremely useful to get a better feeling with deep learning implementation strategies
this is an amazing DL stategy following the foundamental techniques! very inspairing!
add some programming assignments in order to give hands on experience to the students
lots of learning about how to structure machine learning project. effective teaching.
This course is based on the strategies of machine learning, which are very practical.
True projects let me understand how to find the problems, how to tune a model deeply.
Must do course for anyone who is interested in pursuing a career in machine learning.
This course includes some basics yet important concepts of training/profiling the NN.
Andrew transfers key weights of his pretrained NN on ML Projects to you! Great Value!
Incredibly useful information that will save even experienced researcher lots of time
Very helpful for beginners to understand the multiple scenarios in real life problems
The course was another excellent course in this specialization.It was highly helpful.
useful as this is not touched in most other courses. Flight simulator is a nice touch
Only an Experienced Machine learning person can do this. He absolutely killed it! wow
Loved this course! I made all of these problems and never knew why and how to fix it!
The course gives me many ideas about how to get a neural network system works better.
Awesome unique material. Tks Andrew Ng and team for sharing such valuable experience!
Very useful. Using deep learning project flight simulator was interesting experience.
A real outstanding course. Thank you professor, Coursera and Depp Learning AI teams.
Nice course. Learned a lot! Thank you for the whole team which provided this course!
Thank you so much. It is an excellent topic and very good at making me undestand it.
These course is awesome. I want more courses on deep learning projects in practical.
Really impressed with the end of week quizzes. Lectures as clear as usual. Thank you
Scenarios really force you to think through the different outcomes of each decision.
Very interesting case study-based quizzes that made me think about the new material.
very useful videos and quizzes. just the end2end part is less in-depth than I hoped.
it's more valuable for  troubleshooting  of underfitting and overfitting in practice
Nice overview of things you need to consider before starting and during ML projects.
the advice of dealing with data distribution and transfer learning are very helpful!
this gives more insite to real world dl problems and also how to handle them as well
This course gives me many practical advices which help me to build a useful DL model
very detailed and practical course on how to start building a deep learning project.
More generalized information to address realsitic issues when using machine learning
Wow, i didn't thought about these problems. Thanks for this course. It helped a lot.
Excellent course with very practical tips on project management for Machine Learning
Good course about topics that aren't often covered in other online learning classes.
Now i learnt how to structure my data for reaching human level accuracy and above :)
Fantastically delivered lectures and learning-full quiz's to give a deep intuition..
This simple 2 week course was a much-needed break for perspective-building purposes
This is an important course that can help a team save a feel months in a DL project
I have learned so many things I will be able to use in my real projects. Excellent!
The first two courses in the series are rather boring, but this one is a pure GOLD!
Nice and well taught course about the techniques of improving deep learning models.
By far the most important course of this specialization. Really wonderful insights.
Thank you. Teacher Andrew. I know using systematic methods to improve my model now.
It is having a great information from starting a new project to training the model.
Best course about how to deal with machine learning projects decisions in practice!
Superb explanation by Prof. Andrew, high quality concepts explained with such ease.
This is a very impressive course with practical tricks for applied Machine Learning
Very practical advice in structuring ML Projects, definitely can be put to good use
Excellent course, cover all related with how to evaluate a machine learning project
Pretty interesting, with some basic tricks offer you a way to improve your projects
this course gave me lots of ideas about how to do successful deep learning project.
Learned a lot about the practical processes involved in a Machine Learning Project.
Pretty interesting to know about common issues and how to detect resp. solve those.
real life practical project experience which is probably hard to find anywhere else
Very detailed overview, of what is important in structuring a deep learning project
Quick and nice way to see proper methods for working on and building correct models
Good as always. The experience from the expert should be very valuable in practice.
Very clear insight on how to approach a machine learning project in the real world
Very helpful on how to start my ML project and improve its performance efficiently
Excellent Course, Thank you so much. Learning from experience teacher is blessing.
An amazing way of delivering the subject. I whole-heartedly thank the entire team.
Great course, practical knowledge from experience which is hard to find elsewhere!
Definitely the most practical and useful course in the specialisation. Great work!
Great insights for dealing with real DL Projects. I enjoyed this course very much.
Thanks for explaining for Error analysis and how to split train/dev/test data set.
The course is nice, provides insights of practicality of machine learning projects
Excelent ! A treasure trove of technical info, tips, gut feeling and data science.
Nice presentation on how to start and drive your deep neural network construction.
excellent hands-on tips and tricks to how to go about different ML and DL problems
It's really useful experience for the AI engineers, especially for the fresh ones.
Great course for learning practical decision making for machine learning projects.
Great course...must for data scientists and/or machine learning practitioners...!!
I learned some good of machine learning strategies where the textbook cannot tell.
I enjoyed this short course. These concepts and ideas cannot be reinforced enough
Great course, learned a lot about the Software Engineering aspects of ML from it.
Awesome and realistic case studies in Machine learning and Deep Learning projects
Really helpful when starting with a new ML project and moving forward when stuck.
Thank you so much for all the useful information, 

Mr. Andrew Ng and co-workers!
It helped me to get new tools and guidance to find the path to build best models.
i am so glad that i am a DKU student so that i can listen to such a great course!
Really liked this course. I learn tips and tricks to get a successful ML project.
Amazing to see how complex the decision to create the model in real cases can ben
Great example driven course with many interesting examples and external lectures!
Another great course by Coursera. Thank you very much for sharing this knowledge.
completely theoretical , but very very important course from the specialization !
This Course give real view , what and how to choose training and testing dataset.
Great course as an adjunct to the main deep-learning course. Loved completing it.
Nicely explained the design decisions and how to approach the real life problems.
Excellent concise transfer of valuable guidelines and real world lessons learned!
Give better intution of how to structure your ML projects using various technique
I learned the best real world developement strategy on machine learning projects.
professor Ng gives very useful instructions to structure Machine learning project
Great course. Very thoughtful thought-provoking exercises. Thanks Andrew and team
Really great insight to real-world application and building a nnet for a project.
I got a good intuition for solving problems when building practical applications.
Very helpful for gaining some idea about what would be faced with in a DL project
Very good course with practical information on how to improve your ML/DL project
I simply enjoyed learning this course. It seems like a know-how transfer for me.
Good hands - on experience using case study. Really nice and easy to understand.
Very useful in the implementation level...and the explanation is also very clear
Awesome techniques taught by Andrew Ng. Found myself lucky to find such a tutor.
could be a little slow at time as its mostly video content notes, but still good
This course material serves as the checklist for projects, very useful material.
By far the best of this series. These kind of accumulated lessons are very rare.
very useful and practical  and is a good makeup for what is learned in textbooks
Helped a lot to understand the project structuring as professional's perspective
Very informative, highly resourceful. I will probably visit back for suggestions
This is the easiest, untill now, from the first 3 courses of the specialization.
its really very important course for optimization in real life practice problems
I really liked the case studies as it helped understand the real world scenarios
Essential framework for those whom require a solid base to structure ML projects
Very good course to have more technical sense on how to use machine learning  :)
It's really great course. gave me new way of thinking when starting DL Projects.
great, but unfortunately not enough opportunities to practise the new knowledge.
High level course with a lot of insight into the machine learning project design
I likes it very much. Specially the flight simulator approache ist very usefull.
This is the most challenge and useful chapter in this who specialization course.
Very critical knowledge required to manage DL projects well, thanks a lot Andrew
New interesting views on practical issues in artificial neural networks projects
I had a great learning experience and especially I like the case study section.
This is knowledge that you would not get at a regular class of ML at university
Every ML enthusiast should take this course. Thanks to Andrew Sir and Coursera.
Excellent Course. Gave me a good understanding of the structure of ML projects.
This course was really helpful on how to structure my machine learning projects
Very good insights which will help if you want to lead a ML/AI project/product.
Very interesting course for people who already work with machine/deep learning.
Really useful tips not seen elsewhere.  The explanations were simple and clear.
Great Course! Probably should not be a mandatory course in this specialisation.
Very useful techniques you can hardly ever find in a real university classroom.
Excellent course, a lot of great practical tips for organizing the ML projects.
Great practical course in how to structure and lay out machine learning models.
Very useful practical knowledge, very hands-on. Not your average theory course!
This was surprisingly harder than the more math-focused courses in this series.
This course is helpful to me, and I can use what I learn to improve my research
Amazing high level overview of neural network alternate implementation options.
Very good practical insights to help with setting up machine learning projects.
Wonderful Courses that will prove to be useful in my company in the near future
Very practical and great advice on how to run DL projects in real life. Thanks!
Solid informative course that goes into detail on structuring machine learning.
Amazing course. The materials contains ample theory and practical applications.
This is very good course, very well structured and quiz was pretty interesting.
This course was very instructive and I feel like a master in machine learning.
Interesting course about intuition of how to manage a machine learning project
This course provided some usefull insights. Also Andrew Ng is a great teacher.
Very well structured course on how to manage and lead a deep learning project.
Great systematization of knowledge, even for people with extensive experience!
Very good insights on how to chase a problem from scratch in machine learning!
Great class with unique content for how to best manage a deep learning project
Excellent detail, effective quizzes, great examples, and a very clear teacher.
The course is great! The problems and solutions are clearly and easily stated.
Top deep learning heroes! Top strategic machine learning managemment projects!
It was a good idea to place this course in the middle of a neural network flow
Really interesting and informative session. Will keep going with more lessons.
Nice and challenging Quizzes with flight simulators . Absolutely loved them :)
It is a great course, highly recommended for those who wants to work in the AI
Really gives you systematically built strategies to structure your ML projects
This course is about the real life decision need to make. Nice assignment too.
Practical strategies to be used for improving the performance of the ML model.
Very helpful course, something which is usually not taught in typical courses.
Really helpful. Gives a good overview of how ML projects should be structured.
Assignments would have been made this course more challenging and interesting.
An amazing course! well taught and with great explanationsThank you very much
It's a nice course, I learned a lot of important tips to apply in ML projects
This course is very relevant both for newcomers and for the more experienced!
A must-do course after learning the basic implementation of Machine Learning.
It was so nice to get the idea of how to manage the Machine Learning Project.
This course thought me hoe to sequence a ML model. I really like this course.
Great practical information and first hand feedback on ML project management.
Some additional insights on how to approach real-life cases in deep learning.
Very practical advice that can be readily applied to take every day decisions
Got useful insights on how to approach solving a problem using deep learning.
I learned some much interesting stuff ! The best Deep Learning course I took.
Wonderful tips and tricks to bring the theory into production! Thanks Andrew!
Explained the nuances of Deep Learning that is hard to get from other sources
Very important topic for DL design, a lot of interesting content and samples.
Awesome course, learnt a lot from this and try to do something new of my own.
I've enjoyed flight simulation exercises: very useful for practical purposes.
This course is very useful to understand strategi for Deep Learning projects.
Very informative. Great tools to use for when you're fine tuning your models!
Excellent course on improving your data sets and what to do with your errors.
Very well structured course.Also very  helpful when applying machine learning
Very practical content. Essential to strategically target a data opportunity.
Very practical course for people with some knowledge of AI and Deep Learning.
Very good insight. The best out of first three courses in the specialization.
Learnt a lot of things I didn't know even after completing cs231n and cs224d.
Thanks, Andrew for creating this course. I learned so much during the course
this course s very helpful for administer machine learning project structure
Nice to see different ways to re-structure the way I work with ML algorithms
The course was good,will be rally helpful when i start working on a project.
This course provides knowledge that is simple yet critical for this subject.
Learning Andrew Ng's personal experiences is really exceptional and valuable
The instructor voice was quite low. I couldn't hear him properly many times.
The simulator was a great approach to see what real ML project might be done
Excellent course. One of the best to get you to solving real world problems.
Very good lesson well explained good practices to have a structured approach
Every point comes from real instances. Appreciate those suggestions so much!
Excellent course, these materials are never taught anywhere, brilliant stuff
Great the insights about the Error strategy conversation and team challenges
I liked the practical aspects and tips for dealing with real world problems.
Great insights on how to prioritize development of a machine learning model.
very important working tricks and tips for the actual implementation of DNN
Andrew is super human! Please offer a course on Reinforcement Learning too.
Well organized and lots of great practical information. Highly recommended.
Excellent paradigmn foundation to approach advanced system of deep learning
Was immediately helpful with assessing and improving an ongoing ML project!
Very informative.Simple "hacks" to ml project management and understanding.
Comprehensive and must do course for diagnosing the machine learning system
Structuring and benchmarking your overall understanding of ML / AI projects
Great experience we could leverage from our instructor, Andrew.Thanks a lot
Interesting and short course with a lot of advice about setting up projects
I think this especially useful when getting into a real deep learning team.
Probably the only course out there of its kind. Well-structured and unique.
I like this class very much, I can learn very fast here, thank your effort.
Very useful practical tips, but the quizzes could have been more demanding.
Best ML practical advice worth many years of experience. Thank you, Andrew!
Very Good course in developing and structuring projects in Machine Learning
Unique material that you cannot find anywhere if you're in leadership role.
Very nice insights on how to assess your ML algorithm using error analysis.
Good explanation for challenges about structuring machine learning project.
great information on where to focus depending of the project circumstances!
This is amazing course and gives great insights to Deep learning strategies
A lot of valuable experiences from real projects. Thanks for sharing these.
These cources are always awesome that I don't need to worry about contents!
That is a fantastic course for about structuring machine learning project!
An amazing course for everyone who works in ML and wonders to do it better
The way  you are teaching to the students  is  amazing  and unforgettable.
As always, maximum vote. Super clear and interesting and useful! Thanks!!!
Very nice ，if there will be more programming exercises，it will be perfect.
Andrew Ng is a superhero of Deep Learning.My dream is to meet him one day.
Great to think clearly about what the bottlenecks are and what to do next.
many useful strategies can adopt to solve problems. really amazing course!
case study and more real world problems mentioned in the lectures are good
Good and very useful summary of best practices in structuring ML projects!
Great course. Lots of knowledge acquired, on an easy step-by-step process!
I learnt how to proceed a machine learning  project in this amazing course
It's very exciting to have such practical advice, it's awesome. Thank you.
Continues the high quality of courses in the Deep Learning specialization.
Excellent introduction to the process of creating and evaluating projects.
I personally found the material very useful for my work. Thank you Andrew!
It was really good to learn proper methodology of deep learning projects.
Always feeling excited with the knowledge provided in this specialization
really , i gain a lot of information and strategies to handle my projects
Have learnt a load of tactics to sharpen my AI sword :)THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Great course.  Looking forward to putting this into practical application
Truly helpful if you want to take a systematic approach for your project.
Very well explained. The flight simulators were a particularly good idea!
This course presents clever solutions to a wide common industry problems.
Great course, i hope it help me a lot in my upcoming deep learning models
This course is really helpful to troubleshoot issues met in ML processes!
Very useful, practical advice for launching and optimizing an ML project.
It was great to learn practical tips, which were not taught in university
Very useful courses, practical in my real projects of NLP in the company!
Excellent to understand an ML workflow and feel confident about starting.
An interesting approach to make us learn about Machine Learning projects.
A lot of useful tips to create neural networks systematically. Thank you!
The two case studies are challenging but equally interesting and helpful.
Awesome course, lot of practical knowledge for implementing deep learning
Good course with a lot of practical insight on how to organize your work.
very useful for understanding how to handle DL results once you get them.
Nice courses about the practical strategy and technique of deep learning.
Exceptional. Very useful and valuable content for deep learning project.
This was the best course in the specification of deep learning until now
Interesting & well articulated with relevant examples. Highly recommend.
The best course which enabled me to revise my own deep learning project.
Thanks for Andrew providing so many hands-on experiences and guidelines.
Essential course on real-life problems faced in a deep learning project.
good insights, looks like reflecting years of experience, as promised -)
Great, and the way Andrew explained, he made hard things looks too easy.
Good, practical information to help tackle ML projects most effectively.
Really good lessons. Helps you how to approach solutions systematically.
Really nice lecture. A better understanding how to handle a ML project !
Very nice and I have learned a lot from this course.Thank you Andrew Ng!
There are tons of practical suggestions based on real world experiences.
again thanks to coursera for the financial aid and andrew for the course
Nice course, very practical, useful tips that other sources may not have
It gave me a lot of insights about DL projects in real world! Well-done!
Got intuitive information that no where available other than this course
Quite practical advises, might come back when having problem in project.
A great course on how to go about developing the neural nets in reality!
Provide valuable practical tips in real-world ML projects, super useful!
a lot of great tricks and tips of helping deploy and analyze ML systems.
Imprescindible course for who  thinks to start any kind of ML/DL project
Very practical course that you cannot learn from any university program!
The quizzes (flight simulators) were exceptionally useful and relevant.
one best thing I ever learned till now of the real-world implementation
I gained lots of knowledge about the complete workflow of a ML project.
Short course but surprisingly packed with practically relevant content.
This was a rare opportunity to learn what I have been missing for years
Practical ways to manage a project to reduce errors in a systematic way
Through this course, I understand the thinking hidden in deep learning.
Get more experiece from practice, really help and useful in daily work.
Beneficial course with valuable insights oh how to manage an ML project
Exceptionally constructive lecture for Machine Learning practitioners!!
you are the best, this should be referent point of presenting knowledge
A great course learn a lot thanks for the financial aid for the course.
very interesting i had learns a lot it will help me in my master thesis
Exceptional course for managers to learn on structuring ML projects !!!
veriy good course! easy to master for fresh men and detailed materials.
Learnt a lot for not only technical skills but also experience sharing.
I find the course very helpful for planning and organizing ML projects.
A solid high level overview of the DL algorithm optimisation techniques
Good overview of important points to consider in deep learning projects
I learn how to do error analysis which I did not get from other courses
I have learned a lot about analyzing the error and how to make decision
Again Andrew Ng did amazing job explaining this concept in simple way.
Is a good course that will give you more tools to use in deep learning
Great course! It was really helpful to understand high level concepts!
Great course with very valuable advice from the experience of a profi!
Clear Concepts where to use which technique to get better performance.
Thank you for all teachers. You give me a new perspective of learning.
It is very good to learn it and I will keep learning the next cousera.
Lot of practical knowledge on neural network and preparing data for it
Very useful. Gives great understanding of some more complex scenarios!
Although this micro course is the shortest one, I still learned a lot.
Very good and useful experience on building machine learning projects.
Good to learn more about how to tailor your machine learning projects.
Gives very good practical advice on implementing and debugging models.
The courses in this specialization seem to just get better and better!
Content is really good, needs some editing corrections but that's all.
This will save you a lot of time and structure projects the smart way.
Well structured and awesome content !! Assignments are really awesome.
Great course to improve deep learning (and machine learning) practise.
Absolutely insightful as usual!!! I'm very happy this course was made!
This course is great.  Really applied examples and real world quizzes.
I really liked this course. Thanks a lot for the team who prepared it.
great! I got so much more and deeper further on deep learning. Thanks.
Very insightful and practical strategies for machine learning projects
This course helps having a better 360 degrees vision of an ML project
I learned things that might have taken months or even years to learn.
Really good addition to the previous two courses in specialization!!!
Amazing learning experience. Assignment-Quiz were nice & interesting.
This is really awesome!!!learnt more new things thanks to coursera!!!
Nice and representative case studies, though seldom a bit subjective.
the best empirical knowledge that is accessible by new practitioners.
Great Course this is the only place where I have found this material!
Great Insight on how to manipulate the knowledge for real life cases.
Great course that helps you to start off the machine learning project
It really helps me a lot. I like the style of Professor Ng very much!
The details covered by Prof.Ng is amazing. It was beyond expectation.
Very well organized course work. I think the best available till now.
One of the most useful machine learning advices on practical matters.
Well designed quizzes and simple explanation. Great for practitioners
Awesome course providing good guidelines to improve the ML algorithm.
Great course .. honestly these tricks are a must have !! thank you !!
Learned a lot about choose the correct metric and do error analyzing.
Very helpful real machine learning project insights from this course.
Extremely useful practical information which you don't find in books!
Really great insights from an experienced practitioner! Thanks Andrew
I bet this course is going to be pretty helpful for me in the future.
So many useful tips for practical machine learning and deep learning.
Good Deep Learning course in the sense of how to carry out a project.
Great practical tips and systematic approaches taught. Thanks Andrew!
Great approach to problem solving strategy, beyond the technicalities
wonderful way to approach incomplete, incorrect, non homogeneous data
No coding but a great run over the many basic but important concepts.
Great course - unfortunately no programming exercises in this course.
Great insights and solutions to solve real world deep learning issues
Thank you Andrew and you give me more sense of building a ML project.
This course taught me how to tackle the problems in machine learning
This course is by far one of the most valuable lessons I've ever had
Nice course. Really useful practical knowledge. Thank you, Andrew Ng
The most interesting of all. Practice questions are very insightful.
Excersise is quite good and efficient to apply all knowledge learned
excellent overview of best practices when organizing your ML project
Great course! Andrew has unique ways to explain complex definitions.
Practical approach examples are really good for thought formulation.
Not easy to master completely, it needs more thinking and reviewing!
this course is a little harder than previous , but it really help me
First of its kind of course for systematically proceed a ML project.
Very good, just as the two previous courses of this specialization.
great content, and the quiz design is quite useful and challenging.
Great insights for implementation of real machine learning projects
very useful knowledge from Andrew. He shared his years' exp with us
This course explains the analysis part very nicely. Lots of thanks.
Excellent explanations, well created labs. Thanks a ton to Prof Ng.
Very good course and covered lot of interesting and practical cases
Great courer that will leap forward my actual DL project experience
Good practical advice on how to structure and debug any DL projects
Gaining such a fine guidance in a small span of time is fantastic!!
Very wonderful ML course. A wonderful guidance to build ML systems.
Giving me great insights on dealing with machine learning projects.
For sure, you should learn it!  It covers a lot of aspects. Thanks!
Very new / up to date course. Really usefull thoughts and analysis.
A short course, yet with a good level of detail on the topic. Nice!
Very valuable portion of implementing real-world projects using DL.
Andrew, thanks so much for sharing your experiences. God bless you.
it was very practical knowledge close to real world implementation.
Very good advices on ML Projects which you normally don't find a in
Got a basic understanding on distribution of training and test set
Another highly helpful course and look forward to the next course.
Superb, Must learn before you start your first deep learning model
Teaches some really important details that everyone should know of
Gain much deeper understanding about debugging the neural network.
A nice course to get essentials for your machine learning project.
Very interesting information to manage a machine learning project!
Very insightful to approaching real-life machine learning problems
Excellent and filled in a lot of holes just like the other courses
Lots of real time machine learning issues discussed in the course.
Good tips for applying DL projects in the real world. Recommended.
This course is easy to understand. I have learned many new things.
Very useful content that is not taught in universities. Thank you!
Ideas that are worth gold and are very difficult to find elsewhere
This is a LIGHT for the path of the machine/deep learning engineer
outstanding course again! Andrew Ng teach very easy to understand!
I was skeptical at first but the contents of this course are GOLD!
Really useful with real examples, and totally practically oriented
This course is really important for any Machine Learning engineer.
Really like Andrew's lecture especially his voice so charming lol.
Amazing to learn new technique to move faster in the project life.
how can i complain about this great it's short and sweet as always
Very useful introduction to how to manage a deep learning project.
EXCELLENT!! Great examples to explain really important concepts!!!
I from china, and I already study the courses  from study.163.com.
Great tips and insights on everything surrounding the actual work.
fantastic material. Not covered in any other courses I have taken.
Thank you for this course, very useful in the professional field!
I learned a lot of think about error and how to do error analysis
The best course, I have seen. So much to learn in just two weeks.
Best learning experience ever! Thank you so much Prof  Andrew Ng.
You need to know these tips if you want to make a good algorithm.
Excellent course, specially for for ML product managers and leads
Very informative for a non-AI professional ... I am a tax lawyer.
Excellent course that helps in understanding nuances of ML design
It good course to understand the basic models in machine learning
Great practical experience, which we wouldn't have got otherwise.
I hope there are some programming assignments for me to practice.
This course have a lot of theory. I wish we can do more projects.
A lot of practical insights - the flight simulators were helpful.
Lots of experience is learned from this course. Great. Thank you.
This course is very useful and include a lot of engineering tips.
It was a good one. I am looking forward to doing more like this.
Andrew Is really a great teacher and one that loves what he does
Great course on practical approaches for deep learning problems.
Very practical knowledge for deep learning in real applications!
It's a short course, but with a lot of good information and tips
Very useful course! I really like the case study in the homework
It was an amazing experience. Thankyou Professor Andrew and Team
Provides good intuition on how to structure deep learning models
Masterpiece. Very accurate and very demanding course . Congrats.
very helpful in knowing what to do at what stage of your project
Probably the most important course of the specialization so far.
Excellent course with very useful techniques of machine learning
I think this courser is very useful in machine learning practice
Very practical materials about how to structure your ML projects
the dl project more like a data project then a software project.
Very good guidelines on how to set up you deep learning projects
Very practical material that I hadn't encountered anywhere else.
Great insight into strategic thinking for deep learning projects
Very useful insights into how a real life ML project looks like.
very systematic approach to improve the machine learning process
This course resume several years of practising Machine Learning.
Lots of new insight discovered in the course. Highly recommended
Excellent program with all details of machine learning projects
I am enjoying these courses! I think they are really well done.
A really useful course to cover the workings of any ML project.
Very insightful, wished there had been more training questions.
Really I experienced wonderful learning environment, Thank you.
Great course, will continue through the entire 5 course program
this inspiring to build industrial and scalable ml applications
Very insightful course with significant real-world application.
Very interesting course from which I really learned a lot (^_-)
Very good indeed. The methods shared are rarely found in books.
Machine learning flight simulator are just great to learn from.
Excellent course. Super useful info and tips. Thousand thanks!!
Andrew Ng, in his typical style gives pretty cool Strategies !!
A very useful course with a bunch of practical recommendations.
Great content, essential for deep learning project scaffolding!
it is useful for me to finish a machine learning project better
Great short course, packed with practical tips for ML projects.
It is really great..Lots of Insights shared in short duration..
awesome i now have knowledge on how to proceed with ml projects
As always, great, challenging material and easy to understand.
Dr. Ng is one of my role model... very inspiring and educating
Great Explanation !!!! It is helpful for every new researcher.
It is a very good course to upgrade your algorithm performance
Very Informative. Excellent for building basics and intuitions
Finally completed course 3. Learned a lot. Easy to understand.
perfectly explain some basic skills used in practical project.
Really good methodology review from experienced data scientist
A very good guide that has never been taught elsewhere before.
Enjoyed the thrilling lesson! Learned a lot.ThankYou_Professor
It covers a lot of strategies in real project. Awesome course~
An amazing and informative course for every aspirant out there
I got some experiences that I couldn't get from other classes.
very useful course on dealing with model and dataset analysis.
It is great to learn some real model design story from Andrew!
has a lot tuitions on practical issues! Very much recommended!
Fantastic content and concise easy-to-understand presentation!
good insight to make decisions on how to prioritise ML problem
Excellent course, full of really useful advice and techniques.
Learned a lot, the instructor has a great presentation style.
Very helpful exercises; truly put your learnings to the test.
One of the best course to get some insight of the real world.
It´s an excellent course about Machine Learning for Beginners
Very detailed, and crux. Nobody teaches like this in academia
Precious baggage of wise tips to become smarter practitioners
Amazing course to start Machine Learning. Thank You Andrew Ng
Very practical aspects of managing machine learning projects.
Helpful course with many practical case studies and examples!
This will be really useful for my future projects. Thank you!
Gives you nice insight about optimizing time schedule for ML.
I really learned a lot from this course. Thank you very much!
Good examples and very, very good advices to apply DL systems
This is one of the most profound courses I have taken so far!
Great, it helps to build a good deep learning models quickly.
This is a course that is useful for a practicing ML Engineer.
It is really helpful for building real deep learning systems.
Great course and great advice on how to approach DL projects.
Highly recommended to advance ones' career into deep learning
Really great practical content. I learned a lot very quickly.
The course is good, while the video clips need to be improved
This course is very useful and practical. Like it to the max.
A great course with unique material and very useful insights.
Highlight of this course is the Machine Learning Simulator!!
I thoroughly enjoyed all the sessions attending this course.
Learned a lot from this one about how to structure projects.
Need some programming assignment to catch the notion vividly
this is best course for structuring machine learning project
Extremely helpful and well explained course. Thanks so much.
Great course, it helps me a lot for structuring the project.
The best AI course what I saw until now!!! Thanks to Andrew.
Very Useful to learn about practical aspects in ML projects.
Great Course and what a super teacher Andrew is? Take a bow!
Extraordinary course, thanks for all knowledge you've given.
Probably the most valuable course in deep learning so far...
I did like this module but I miss the programing assignmets.
Very useful to take a break and think about project strategy
Excellent course, a lot of "intuition transfer" ! thank you.
Very practical tips and guidelines! It was very informative.
Great Tips and Techniques....; and the "Sessions with Heros"
Very practical suggestions on handling some of the problems
Have better understand of How to start and plan ML projects
Wonderful, concise and to the point contents.Good exercises
This Course is simple, easy to understand, and very helpful
It is an important aspect to advance learning in ML and AI.
Excellet course materialThanks Andrew and everyone for this
Awesome and felt closer to the actual machine learaning job
This is very well-organised and cool. Totally recommend it.
Amazing course, very useful theoretical concepts explained!
Very good.  Would have appreciated even more practice quiz.
As per me this is the must do course for any ml enthusiast.
Great course on do's and dont's for applied ml in industry.
Excellent course like any other courses by deeplearning.ai.
Practical and useful advice and scenarios for the homeworks
very good course with more tricks in AI field with easy way
very practical and precise. full of real examples. love it!
the most practical course about deep learning in the world!
Very useful from practical perspective! Highly recommended!
Wonderful courses,  I've learned more about deep learning !
Nice course to learn the steps to solve a problem using ML.
Very useful if you want to start a new project from scratch
Thank you for all the knowledge you give me. Thanks allot!
Learnt many new tricks from the master. Thank you Coursera
The course provides a lot of practically applicable ideas.
Amazing insights and strategies in approaching a problem!!
Specially appreciate the videos about Deep learning Heroes
Lots of useful strategies for many deep learning problems.
Great techniques and insights from excellent practitioner!
the methods and strategies in this course are very useful!
Clear Explanation of Minute Techniques in Machine Learning
Very systematic and thought-provoking approach. Thank you!
Helpful overview of how to conduct a deep learning project
Builds great intuition for building and improving systems.
Great practical advice for applied deep learning projects!
Excellent complement to the courses 1 & 2. Very practical.
Great Practical Knowledge and Tools to use in ML projects!
A course that every machine learning engineer should take.
Very useful insights and guidelines from real-world cases!
very good,thanks for all teachers.thanks for all your work
Very interesting concepts to keep in mind in all projects.
Nice course, and extend my experience in DL. Thanks a lot.
Very good course and very crisp and upto mark explanation.
Very Helpful as it will allow me to structure a ML project
Loved the course! Thanks for curating the amazing content!
One of the most interesting courses of the specialisation.
Now I know much more about improving ML model performance!
Quite valuable information on how to approach ML problems!
Very good insights on how to go ahead in stuck up projects
Very insightful class with clear and intuitive explanation
You won't find the materials of this course anywhere else.
Gives great intuition on making progress on an AI project.
Thanks again for this amazing course Prof Andrew and staff
One of the best courses I have ever taken. very practical.
Very helpful tips on how to start and optimize ML projects
Mainly because it was new material that I haven't reviewed
Best course and I really enjoyed a lot during the course.
Great! Andrew Ng is a great teacher. Thank you very much!
Awesome!! No words to explain the quality of the course!!
Really good content, I really admire Andrew Ng sir a lot.
Machine Learning strategies, development and training set
Love the "flight simulator" exercise. Great way to learn.
It's really exciting that AI get better and better today!
The course was very useful for me, thank you Prof Andrew!
Excellent for technical aspects (wich is very important!)
absolutely, this is a very useful course for ML projects.
It really gives me a lot of inspiration,thank you Andrew!
Very useful principals in building a deeplearning network
Excellent course with one of the best faculties available
Learned A Lot!Thanks for sharing your experience with us!
Really nice tips and tricks directly from the ML experts!
Made me think many aspects of real life scenarios! Great!
Superb course that includes valuable practical knowledge.
Exceptional Course. Thank you Professor Andrew and team.
As usual Andrew NG at his best. Very informative course.
Lots of useful advice on how to proceed with ML projects
excellent class and I especially like Andrew's teaching.
A must course for anyone who is studying deep learning .
Important topics that everybody skipped, awesome course!
Great course to learn practical nuances of Deep Learning
Very good tips on how to fix/improve the training model.
Useful course for high level DNN management and planning
Terrific content, well-structured and explained clearly.
Some of the assignment questions are a little ambiguous.
Very good/unique insights into applied machine learning.
Fantastic Course!!! Deserves nothing less than 5 star!!!
Really useful set of principles to guide any ML project.
great course, it is the basic recipe of machine learning
Quite more useful than it seemed. A must, don't miss it.
Really helpful for moving forward a concrete ML project.
Great course, lots of practical information and insights
Thank you, this helped develop problem solving mindset.
Excellent and practical course. Provide very good tips.
Great practical insights on structuring AI, DS projects
I have gain tons of knowledge by spending grams of time
very insightful and relatable to industrial environment
You need to take this course to get the bigger picture!
outstanding advice within the videos and simulations...
Really Helpful for managing the deep learning projects.
a lot of real world questions are explained! awesome!!!
Undoubtedly the most practical course....Thanks a lot..
Thank's a lot for numerous useful tricks and methodics!
I thought I learnt about engineering theory on projects
Amazing courses thank you Andrew and all coursera team.
This is the course of the program that MAKES YOU THINK.
The best practical machine learning course I ever done!
Useful practices for building machine learning project.
Really useful. lots of useful tips and practical advice
High quality lesson, looking forward to lesson 4 and 5.
Best course to understand how to structure ML projects
found it easy but useful - many thanks for this course
A great source of info otherwise difficult to come by.
Short and sweet, ideas very clear and well illustrated
best for basics, derivations and learning from scratch
understood how to proceed and how to finish a ml model
Very practical - Useful concepts for transfer learning
Fantastic course.  Concepts can be applied right away.
Highly recommended for deep learning project managers.
There is no homework. Would be great to have homework.
Useful, practical tips for everyday ML implementations
Enjoyed thoroughly and full of practical guidelines...
This course is very helpful and cleared many doubts...
good quizzes and course lectures were very informative
Great course.. Provides direction for decision making.
Insightful and full of extremely valuable information!
Fantastic course with great real application examples.
It was really interesting and useful for real projects
It's good course. Gives some industry insight as well.
Best in 3 courses. Provide a great guideline to follow
Simple, intuitive, practical and effective guidelines!
Got to know how to structure machine learning projects
easy to learn concepts increased the ease of learning
Clear as always, great explanations and to the point.
Awesome course on how tp make important ML decisions.
Yuhuuu ! I did it, It was a good learning experience.
A very good ideas in AI , with a very good instructor
Very practical insights, will save tons of extra work
Very useful skill in mastering practical DL projects.
Enjoyable, easy to pick up concepts, and very useful.
Unique tips from an amazing teacher, nice assigments.
Best course available online that has helped me a lot
Very exceptional and import course for deep learning!
great insights to be applied in practical problems!!!
Great lecture on administering deep learning projects
I learned a lot of useful strategy to play with data.
I learn a lot to solve real problem which in project.
Very helpful insights and hints. Thanks to Andrew Ng!
So intuitive and useful to my future work. Thank you.
Good insights for practical machine learning projects
really good lesson，thank coursera and deeplearning.ai
Great  Tips & Techniques to improve the ML Algorithms
Good course that gives advices to solve real problems
Always happy to count with this great course and help
Top course with top hints how to handle a ML project.
There are a lot of basics that are necessary to learn
Really good tips on strategy on how to build DL model
Quality teaching and information as usual. Thank you.
many useful instructions about machine learning steps
Very useful information that is not widely available.
enjoyed the simulators that used real world examples.
Very crisp and systematic concepts.Hats off M.Ng Sir!
Very much enjoying each aspect of this specialization
Very practical knowledge gain on handling AI projects
Excellent practical insights for real-world scenarios
Nice starter for understanding some "macro" concepts.
Nice overview on how to ML projects can be structered
Some useful insights collected together in one place!
Very helpful, especially for those who just graduated
very useful to better plan machine learning problems
Very good for Analyzing and Structuring ML projects.
nice experience sharing.. helped a lot in my project
Great course. It helped me a lot, Thank you Coursera
Thanks very much, Iam happy to learn helpful skills.
Very usefull for stucuring machine learning projects
Great material, for me it was too verbose in places.
Great insights on real-life problems faces with NNs.
Great way to get a glimpse of a researcher's work :)
Very interesting, useful and helpful course. Thanks!
Excellent information, most useful during a project.
Brilliant course as all Andrew NG courses use to be.
very helpful for constructing a deep learning system
Amazing insights, some which can save months of work
Useful suggestions for MLers who are doing projects.
Great course, focusing on the bigger picture of ML.
The course is useful, and the teacher teaches well.
Wow! Any machine learning beginner would love this!
Gives production experience to a junior AI engineer
The insights provided by Prof Ng is second to none.
Those case study were awesome! totally recommended!
Thanks, I learned a lot of things with this course.
case study is great.  That helps to think strategy.
Excellent insights based on significant experience.
Very useful. Liked the case study type assignments.
Great course with some useful tips for practical ML
Truly unique material not available in books or web
Thanks a lot for the simulations, I did enjoy them!
Really awesome, practical workflow with case study!
Thanks coursera for this course.It was very useful.
Systemic workflow is rarely mentioned in papers !!!
Great, the most useful course so far to be honnest!
Great Course. Thank you Andrew. Thank you Coursera.
Good Practical tips for deep learning practitioners
It's make me ready for a real deep learning project
Must watch for anyone doing or planning on doing ML
Very insightful and I like the pilot project a lot.
waiting for the next class, hope it can begin soon.
very qualitative information is provided thank you
Really helpful to better structure the ML projects
Great course with practical machine learning tips!
Very intuitive lectures and mind sharpening quizes
Amazing course and instructor, very well explained
Best deep learning course for any AI practitioner!
Great advice for working on practical ML projects.
useful insights into how to deal with a DL problem
Great insights from the industry for the beginners
Another excellent course that I enjoyed immensely.
Very good content quality and challenging quizzes.
Really a good overview for how to manage a project
well designed and taught! thank you good people!!!
Good practical advice on how to approach projects.
great as all other course in this specialization !
very helpful insights. loved the ML pilot projects
This is one of the best courses I have ever taken!
Pearls of wisdom in this course. Excellent course!
great info, can apple to other ML project as well.
The simulations were very useful, good job Andrew.
very easy to understand the intuitive explanation
The course is extremely well guided and narrated.
Very useful and valuable tips from a true expert!
Super helpful practical knowledge for ML Projects
A must course for every machine learning engineer
Extremely useful; key concepts clearly explained.
Super helpful course for any DL/ ML practitioner.
I have learnt a lot about ML project structuring.
Super!!! Excellent... Need your slides Mr. Ng!!!!
great course but should have include more content
Years of ML experience condensed in few lectures.
Very helpful and educative course. Thanks Andrew!
Good insight to managing larger learning projects
The course helps to prioritize "what to do next".
This is the most useful course I have taken on ML
Great to see real world problems and limitations.
Helpful for my PhD research! Valuable experience!
I learned a lot from this course, thank you a lot
Adequate Knowledge on End to End Deep Learning!!!
Delivers exactly what it is supposed to deliver.
now l can start implementing my research project
Amazing course. Questions can be a bit different
Very useful course for my knowledge improvement.
a lot of examples and i love the simulator part!
A very helpful course while working on Projects!
Thanks to Professor Andrew Ng and Coursera Team.
Very useful !  I recommended it to my colleagues
Hey this is fun and the Heros talks are awesome.
Wonderful! Thank U so much.I have learned a lot.
A very good strategical approach to AI projects.
We need this to be a DL project leader in future
Very good details on how to start an ML project.
Verygoodhandsoncourse,extremelyhelpful,thankyou!
Very useful information, presented with clarity.
very good! I would like to  learn other project,
Thank you , Andrew Ng,  you are a great teacher!
helpful course with intuitive project case study
very good course! No programming for this course
Excellent examples are discussed by Prof Andrew
This course is pretty good, I've learned a lot.
It was very intresting to learn and understand.
Another great course, bring on courses 4 and 5!
Thank you for sharing lots of valuable insights
Always a great course for AI. Thank yo so much!
Great Course giving great real life experience.
Nice course to get intuition of how to proceed.
Clearly and improve my mind in Machine Learning
Thers are a lot of useful skill in this course.
I never knew I could learn so much from a MOOC.
A "must" in order to become a real ML scientist
I find this one most helpful among all, really.
Thank you for your efforts , really nice job :D
I have  not seen these materials anywhere else.
Great practical insights taught in this course.
Amazing work of the deeplearning.ai team again!
The best practical lessons so far on the topic.
Very good for practitioners and industry users.
Awesome course! Thanks once again Dr. Andrew :)
Little bit difficult compare to first 2 course.
Great course on the strategy about ML projects!
Very helpful for DL Projects#Empirical #Applied
A great course.. I loved the case study part..
Loved the course and gained valuable insights.
the most helpful course of this specialization
Really I learned many new concepts. Thank you.
Excellent. Transmission of a large experience.
great. learned a lot. very concise and helpful
very good structure of deep learning practice.
Extremely helpful practical tips and insights!
no one create better material than this course
Pretty important for anyone jumping into ML/DL
this course is helpful for learning best model
Excellent subject narration with good examples
Outstanding content and real world simulations
very nice!!I will recommend it to my friends!!
Extremely useful course to ML project leaders.
Great course, as usual Andrew is a great prof.
nice! thanks for offering such a great course.
Very insightful! Just miss some coding samples
Nice course, but I missed the python practice.
Very useful tools and recommendations. Thanks!
Good for researcher to review basic knowledge.
This course will help you avoid many mistakes.
great case study approach to machine learning
Excellent practical advise by Prof. Andrew Ng
It's a great but short (2 weeks only) course!
I haven't seen this type of guide on any Mooc
Very valuable and practical insights. Thanks!
This course so essential and I learned a lot.
Great course content, could be longer though.
Very good lesson on more strategic approaches
Very good course on structuring the projects.
Great Course. Better if have coding exercise.
Amazing course! Thank you very much Coursera!
now, i have more general knowledge about this
very useful, recommend to every practitioner!
important practical knowledge for application
Many helpful experience. It really helped me.
Good course, to take up serious project in DL
Great course to get a lot of practical ideas!
helpful perspectives when tackling a project!
very small course , some really good insights
Professor is too much knowledgeable. Respect
Great tutoral. and Andrew Ng as always best.
Shorter course, but very useful nonetheless.
Good course for machine learning experience.
Nice Course- Great Learning . Thanks a lot !
More amazing work from Andrew Ng, well done!
very unique topic has been discussed in it .
I got so much out of this higher level view!
I liked the scenario quizes and the content!
Awesome course with very practical insights!
Lots of practical advice. I really loved it.
Very good addition to the overall portfolio!
Great planning projects for machine learning
Examples of the second week are very useful!
The flight simulator was really insightfult
Case study based quizes have been fantastic
Great course and important content covered.
Great course and a lot of useful materials.
Great courses! Great man! Thank you Andrew!
Thank you. Especially for the case studies!
Helpful and easy to understand information.
The experience of the project is excellent.
This was a very fun and interesting course!
Excellent course.. I want to redo do this .
One can really say it's a wonderful course!
Great tips for managing real world projects
very useful tips for real world development
Everything taught in this course is useful.
This is another excellent course by Andrew!
Interesting lectures. Engineering approach.
Good course to understand machine learning
Wonderful course... Thank you Andrew... :)
Great and inspirational learning material.
An extremely informative course as always.
Thanks Andrew Ng for another great course!
very unique course and will help in future
very  very practical and is a must to know
You are amazing teacher Andrew, well done!
Very good teaching and satisfying content.
Very heplful tips included in this course!
Too good and more informative course in NN
.this course is perfect. I like it so much
Excellent Course with excellent insights !
Gem of an insight !! cannot recommend more
The assignments are way too easy though...
TheSimulationstylequizzes are really nice!
very useful for machine learning engineers
Very useful for improving my own work!!!!!
What a great course. This is a must attend
will help alot to make the NN model better
Hands on structuring and tuning ML system!
I think this course is very very usefully.
very useful and clear. Thank you very much
This is such a good course. Thanks Andrew
Very Helpful course. Thank you. Make more
Nice content, and very interesting topics
spot on on processes for ML applications.
Very Good Training and its really useful.
Many useful trip and trick for ML project
Very useful for deep learning engineering
It's very helpfull.. thank you very much.
It is hard but I learnt A LOT! Thank you!
Easy to finish, simulator quiz were good.
Great man , Great specialization course .
Very practical advices from the trenches.
Very insight and great course. Very nice!
Very helpful for improving data intuition
very helpful! thanks Andrew and your team
Most useful course on deep learning ever.
Thanks a lot. Andrew. Really appreaciate.
Very good course, even that it was short!
Most insightful course within the series.
Great course with lot of good strategies
good course to learn basic ml strategies
solving case studies is great approach !
Very Good course about Machine Learning.
Very nice platform for learning in depth
Excellent material and very well taught!
It gives really great practical examples
Such a great course. I've learnt so much
Right course for all AI Project Managers
I have learnt a lot about ML. Thank you!
Another masterpiece teaching from Andrew
Good course with sound practical advice.
One of the best! Definitely recommended!
Nice course for getting a feel of error.
very practical and well organised course
Very informative course. Appreciate it !
Flight Simulator exercises helped a lot!
Excellent insight on setting up projects
It's pretty theoretical but good to know
very informative for practical scenarios
thanks for providing the amazing courses
Few issues with video recording process.
The most important course in the series.
thanks andrew! this class help me a lot！
Very helpful course. Thank you very much
Great course. Waiting for next 2 courses
Easy to understand egs & clear concepts
A very good and comprehensive   courses
It was very good and easy to understand
Great course with useful information!!!
Help to get a order to prepare projects
Good course for structuring ml projects
Very Good Information on Structuring ML
A very thoroughful theoretical insight.
great sharing from industry experience;
Very useful course for ML practitioners
This particular course was a lot of fun
All the strategies provided makes sense
Great examples about real case projects
I absolutely enjoy Andrew Ng's courses.
Marvelous course, Very well explained !
The most valuable experiences of Andrew
This course is really really helpful!!!
The most important course in the series
No real coding, but simulator is great!
This is the most useful course til now.
This course  was really informative!!!!
Great format of flight simulator exams!
It is a very useful and original course
amazing insight into the technology....
Wonderful and very valuable insights...
I like the study cases in this course.
Very Important and exclusive material.
Always pleasure to listen to Andrew NG
Great insights and clear explanations.
Loved these flight simulation quizzes!
Very useful for industrial production.
It gives many practical aspects of DL.
Lots of necessary and useful insights.
Very meaningful course. Thanks a lot!!
Informative but extremely theoretical.
This course is very practical oriented
excellent source provided by Andrew Ng
This is a very straightforward course.
Useful information not found elsewhere
Very well organised and great content!
Excellent course i really recommend it
Very interesting practical information
Very special course of deep learning.
Thank you for the informative course.
Excellent Course!!, Great Instructor.
It was very useful for me! Thank you!
Thank you sir for making this course.
very helpful and informative, thanks.
Nice and a very comprehensive course.
So much to learn thank you Andrew !!!
Very Helpful course for ML practices!
Flight Simulators look very efficient
Surpassing Coursera level performance
Andrew Ng is the best, amazing course
Good knowledge for pratical projects!
thanks again for another great course
Also a really well thought out course
A very nice project course in ML!!!!!
Thanks for sharing the deep insights!
Awesome. The course was very helpful.
Most essential theoretical concepts!!
Very useful. Thank you, Prof. Andrew.
Looking forward for the next course!!
Loved the flight simulator exercises.
It was a new challenge. I enjoyed it
I have nothing to say except AMAZING
Excellent Concepts on Basics  for DL
Very insightful Thank you Andrew Sir
Cool need undestand more some things
A necessary course for all beginners
Andrew Ng is a Hero in Deep learning
Exposed me to new ideas and concepts
A short but very informative course.
Good course.... Learnt a lot........
Great care for the important details
good. concepts are clearly explained
Valuable insight to ML system design
thiscoursewasseamlessandveryhelpful.
Really great Course, learn a lot. :)
Lots of practical tips. Very useful.
Nice ideas on managing a ML project.
Very useful course. 100% recommended
Very helpful to my current projects.
Superb Course. Highly recommended :)
excellent course and ideas presented
Very useful to me as a practitioner.
Very good content, Thank you Andrew.
Transfer learning from Andrew Ng :-)
very useful class, thank you Andrew!
thank you, it's super useful course
Great big picture and decision tips
great practical insight is provided
Andrew Ng thank you for this course
Excellent course, thank you Andrew!
Good brief overview of the material
Excellent course for error analysis
loved the exercices of this module.
Really great and in-depth lectures.
It helps me to rethink my research!
Nice course for structuring project
A lot of tip from every day praxis.
One of the most useful certificate!
Very useful for practical projects!
It is very interesting perspective.
good to learn ML project structure
Thank you very much to support me!
Great course with precious content
perfect explanation on every topic
its so useful to learn new concept
its  was excellent and informative
practical, useful, and interesting
Great course, and I learned a lot!
Practical for managing ML projects
Masterclass from Andrew NG. Thanks
A grate course and the grate prof.
Really inspiring, and practical :)
Really Helpful for future projects
Condensed content, but invaluable!
great course, I have learned a lot
Best course in this specialisation
This course really helps me a lot!
perfect,thank you deeplearning.ai!
The case studies are very helpful.
Very practical knowledge, thanks !
Many concepts very well explained.
very good, and I have learnt a lot
Highly recommended, great course!
Excellent and very very difficult
Thanks for such a valuable course
it has benefited me a great deal!
Awesome experience and knowledge.
Really informative and fun course
Extremelly helpful insights. Thnx
It helps to improve my knowledge.
Just One Thing to say --> Awesome
Best course of the specialisation
A lot of knowledge in a few weeks
Amazing Course, Thank you Andrew!
I am really enjoying this course.
Thanks a lot  coursera！Well done.
Very brief yet insightful course!
A good course but good get better
Andrew Ng delivers great content!
This one I would rate as the best
No one can teach better than this
thanks for giving me so much help
very insightful, much recommended
very useful in the real world!!!!
thanks for sharing the experience
a very practically useful course.
very useful for practical problem
Lots of useful tips and examples!
Very nice and useful information
This content is really good from
Short, Informational and Precise
Very nice short practical course
this is very informative course,
useful and easy to understanding
Great course. Very well taught..
very helpful to me, one DNN noob
May Add few programming exercise
Great insights into ML Projects.
Great course, valuable overview.
a lot of important tips to learn
I will come back to learn again.
The Quizzes are really helpful !
Good intuition about ml projects
Best explanation found till now.
Unique insight, rarely available
Concise and extremely practical.
Great practical tips! Thank you!
Useful course to get you started
Fantastic and intuitive overview
Plenty of useful practical tips.
it has very good course content.
Nice Course, Learns a lot......
Really good practical insights.
Amazing one. Really Informative
Best way to start ML was taught
The simulator thing was awesome
Very well explained! Thank you!
Exceptional intuition building.
this course is very interesting
Great Course. Highly recomended
Great Operational Level course.
Andrew NG impressive. As always
no projects in this course. Bad
helpful strategies and advices!
effective learning thanks alot
Proving worthy. Great learning
It was most fun week for me!!!
thanks you and your colleagues
I have learned more.Thank you!
helpful a lot to my ML career.
Fascinating strategic insights
Amazing course on case studies
Great Tutorial. Thanks, Andrew
Great course, would recommend.
Great Course and great quizzes
The simulator is really great!
great course, love the insight
do help a lot! Thanks  Andrew!
Very interesting course on ML
Great to learn ML strategies.
Proper guidance in short time
Short, but very meaningful :)
It's an Excellent Experience!
Pretty good with case studies
That was awesome thank you :)
it was pretty good experience
Notverydifficultandveryuseful
Clearly explained everything.
Great Advice - very practical
good course for deep learning
Good explanation. Loved this.
Very interesting. Thank you!!
Very practical and applicable
deeply learning deep learning
Offers very practical advice!
I love those case study tasks
Awesome Again by Dr.Andrew NG
Thanks for the great course!
Loved the simulation medhod.
this course is very helpful.
Mind-blowing course content.
Excellent course, thank you!
Quite inspiring and helpful.
Efficient and  effective  :)
Short but very useful course
A good summary of experience
Good, practical information.
Thanks Andrew and his group.
Great course, very helpfull!
I learnt a lot from this....
Really valuable information
That was Awesome !!!!!!!!!!
Good practical information.
great course for ML design!
I love the quizz, Thank you
nothing less than brilliant
Instructive course! Thanks!
very good, thanks Andrew Ng
Case study is well deployed
Nice content, well arranged
Concise and very helpful!!!
This course is very useful.
very insightful information
Very useful. Thanks Andrew!
Fantastic course, as always
The material is invaluable.
This was extremely valuable
Awesome material! Loved it!
I very love its assignments
Challenging and rewarding!
Great conceptual overview!
Please refer to course 2;)
Best out of the three yet!
information one. I like it
There were the best qiuzes
Best course in the series.
Greate lessons and teacher
Exceptionally insightful!!
Thank you for your lecture
really awesome course !!!!
Tricks during development!
Helped me in my interview!
A Very Excellent Course!!!
It's a very helpful course
Great practical knowledge!
I need how to set up  data
Very nice error analysis !
simply the best!! loved it
Really a Flight Simulator.
It's a really nice course!
It makes many things clear
good source for materials.
Slow but quite insightful.
i think its awesome stuff
excelent course as always
The tips are wonderfull's
Its very very nice course
Very interessting course.
Great practical insights!
awesome practical advice!
Once again great content.
Andrew I love you so much
Exceeded my expectations!
Very great class, thanks!
A very meaningful course!
Learned a lot. Thank you!
no coding to test theory.
Very practical. Not hard.
Great practical knowledge
This one helped me a lot.
Loads of practical stuff!
I liked the case studies.
Great Practical knowledge
Extremely practical tips.
Awesome practical advice.
Andrew is so perfect ！！！
Cool intuition boosting!
The course was fantastic
Quiz is extremely useful
a very practical course!
Great practical resource
Something really useful!
Really a wonderful class
Great practical insights
Many useful suggestions!
Very useful and helpful!
Lot of practical advice.
Very good for strategy !
Congratsm grat inshigths
Great course, as always!
very nice , I learned it
very practical knowledge
Just wish it was longer!
I really liked this one
Wonderfull case studies
Very valuable insights!
Very challenging course
Very useful in practice
Great course.Thank you.
One of it's kind course
Great course to take!!!
Wonderful! It helps me!
Finally understood LSTM
this is really helpful!
very helpful experience
The class is very nice!
nice class by Andrew Wu
Nice Structured course.
Definitely recommended!
Awesome course! Thanks!
Really practical course
Great practical course.
It's a valuable course
Andrew Sir is the best
Very practical course,
Good Learning material
EXCELLENT as before!!!
Short and crisp course
Andrew is a great prof
Great and useful tips!
Perfect lessons,thanks
EXPLAINED IT PERFECTLY
Practical and concise.
Great insight. Thanks!
An outstanding course!
A very valuable course
Thank You sir Andrew.
It was really helpful
Greatly useful course
Very intuitive course
Good course for DL NN
useful info not found
astonishing of course
Very excited exercise
Cool as it should be.
Thank you for Andrew.
Andrew Ng is awesome!
Thank you! Andrew Ng!
Thanks doctor Andrew!
A very useful course!
Great Job! Andrew NG!
I love the professor.
Excellent Information
really worth studying
Extraordinary course.
good experience share
Really nice Insights.
Excellent and useful!
Practical and useful.
Great practical tips!
Approach true cases !
Very nice and thanku
thats what i need is
Lot of good coceptts
case study is great!
Really interesting !
Very nice content :)
Andrew Ng is magical
very powerful course
Awesome, as always!!
Love the assignments
良心之作，thanks, Andrew.
Great course!Thanks!
its really helpfull
It's great teaching
It's a great course
thank you Andrew Ng
Really very helpful
it's good. but hard
Practical insights!
Totally outstanding
Very helpful stuff!
Easy understandable
Good. Learned a lot
Andrew is the best!
Excellent insights!
Professor Andrew <3
Very good lectures!
Best of all three!!
Amazing course!!!!
I could learn more
it was very useful
Excellent learning
short but valuable
awesome Andrew Sir
Lee is the best :D
Worthwhile to take
this is perfection
Well explained !!!
Nothing but great!
Wonderful insights
thanks professor!!
Excellent insights
Must Learn Course
Very nice course.
Nicely Explained.
Great as usual :)
Andrew is awesome
Amazing.Thanks <3
Very useful tips.
very good courses
This is very good
Awesome as always
a good experience
It's great for me
as good as before
Incredibly useful
Very useful tips!
very practical :)
Good Knowledge :)
Loved it to core.
wonderful class!
Very Helpful!!!!
Great, as usual.
amazing insights
Great Courses!!!
Always excellent
Very useful tips
Thanks Andrew :)
learning so much
very good thanks
Great insights !
Very practical !
As usual awesome
Lots of insights
Great materials!
It's just great.
Very practical .
Nice but short.
Awesome Materis
good case study
Very Educative.
Just fantastic!
Really loved it
Amazing it was.
It was great :)
I love this one
without Chinese
Awesome course.
Pretty helpful!
Very Thoughful!
Exciting so far
Learning a lot.
course is good
Enjoyed a lot!
It‘s great’ ！！
Really enjoyed
Good insight !
It's so great!
Good as usual!
Thanks a lot !
very practical
NG is the best
Great course.
thanks a lot！
Useful class!
I want more!!
Thanks a Lot
very precise
Many thanks!
Good insight
awsome class
Perfect!!!!!
It's useful
great stuff
Pure class.
Cool stuff.
so helpful!
thank you ~
pretty cool
nice class.
thumb up ！
thankyou.
Nice Work
God of AI
awsome :)
Liked it
sick bro
Nice it
Great！
thaks
cool
