Course is good. However, certificate issued is mentioned as '...online non-credit course...' which create confusion. Such words should not be included in certificate, rather such info (credit, non-credit etc.) should be on back-end. Just issue simple certificate that online course successfully completed by Mr. X which is offered by Columbia University-In the city of New York on Coursera. It does not make any sense to write that the course is credit, non-credit etc. Kindly refer other certificates issued by reputed org like edX by HarvardX. I am not happy with certificate.
The content is overall rather thin and would be better supported with reading materials instead of all video lectures. The structure and level of detail was also rather odd with more details on bonds and surety than on actual project types and challenges.
Very very basics. Simple concepts are explained for  infinite hour long sessions. Not at all engaging sessions.
The instructor is not specific and too much filler sentence that are not important for the lecture
It's not possible to submit your tests as the final week QUIZ, so you will never pass week1, and besides I could access the videos of next weeks for the first days, now I can't even see the material as a listener.I feel it disrespects me as I did allocate part of  my time at the first two weeks and a half and now it's only possible to access the first week materials.
It didnt cancel my subscription when i finished one of the courses. Also the content just wasn't that good.
I thought the class did a good job of generally introducing the world of Construction Mgmt and I learned a lot. Using lecturers from the field made the lectures more interesting, however, it was apparent that the lecturers weren't trained in education or how to present information clearly to a class of students who are learning this material for the first time. The guest lecturers all used basic PPT presentations that weren't very engaging most of the time. I took the Construction Scheduling class simultaneously and that class was far more involved and varied in the way the information was prevented since the professor was actually an educator by trade. On top of that the homework assignment instructions differed from the rubrics we had to use to grade them, so in both cases I had to resubmit my assignment only AFTER seeing the rubric. Overall the core information was interesting, but it was presented so poorly that it made the class feel like an endless stream of trivia facts, further meaning that I might forget most of this info in the near future.
The peer review projects very obviously require some sort of outside knowledge. There is nothing from the videos that gives you the tools to do the assignments satisfactorily. Additionally, the assignments don't always make sense. For one of the assignments, creating a job logic diagram, none of the criteria include creating a diagram that is logically consistent. So, when people decided to say that the ground floor logically preceded the building of a roof, rather than the columns on which the rood sits, I technically couldn't mark them down during the peer review. Meanwhile, because my WBS hadn't included details which were not mentioned at all in lecture, I couldn't receive full credit.
I am a person with an accent myself and I am fully aware of the fact that one cannot help it but this being a virtually prerecorded course, it doesn't have to be done by people with severe accents. Actually an actor could have read the whole thing without an issue. The last week and the BIM week were absolutely insufferable. The material actually relating to Construction Project Management started last and the delivery was barely legible.
The quizzes are not set up correctly and you get marked wrong when you put in the correct answers.  It seems that the course was rushed and not properly tested before it accepted students.  The content is good and that is why I gave it more than one star.
Nothing about this course makes it interesting. If it was interesting, one would have the urge to return to continue with this course.
Did not like the format of multiple instructors in the course.
This course offers valuable information on the different aspects of Construction Project Managment. The only critic I have is that the instructions/grading rubric for the assignments are terribly vague. The assignment starts with a simple example in the videos which the student can reasonably replicate and create their own version. The problem starts when you begin the peer-assignment grading and realize the grading points are painfully specific. Now you have to go back and re-do your homework assignment after you learned what was really expected from the student. This wouldn't be an issue except that your second draft may not get graded if all of the students are done grading. Plus it's annoying to have to re-do work that you could have done right the first time but the guidelines were unclear.
Most of the courses/lectures seemed to be very basic Project Management principles. Some lectures did give a good background and high level understanding of Construction Project Management, but expected a bit more in depth info. Last lesson/assignment required more research on my part as it required general construction knowledge. The reason I took to this course was to get a better, high-level understanding of construction project management and planning, however, the Job Logic assignment expected that I would know what all is involved in the technical workings in construction (i.e. excavation, prepping, waterproofing, etc.) in which I have no experience or knowledge. A 2-hour assignment took me more than 3 hours to complete.
In week 5 it did not cover enough about Estimating but yet it had you complete a quiz completely on it which is horrible. Otherwise there is are quite a bit of useful information but quite a bit of monotone speakers which makes it hard top stay engaged.
The course was a bit too basic and some of the videos were too broad. Some had information which did not seem to contribute to the purpose of the course. Overall it is good course to listen over my free time and learn a few new things.
Course was theory based. Was hoping the course would provide more real life scenarios and examples. Week 5 provided some examples and math problems on determining formwork and duration of the project. Was hoping to see more of that.
I did not think the instructors were very engaging. For the most part they read from slide decks that were also on the screen. There should be more visuals and discussion about what it is like to work in construction management.
A little simplistic with just lectures and quizzes. Just scratches the surface of general knowledge. If assignments were added to the course and the lectures expanded the course would offer more value.
Overall it's good. Depending on the customer's level of experience in construction. Some of the classes are very basic knowledge. But the structure of the course is consistent.
i think it's a good course with many specialized people every one on it's field but that what prevent the course from being great some of them don't know how to teach
The sessions sometimes were too long for a subject that really didnt needed that amountof time.  For example : Planning and scheduling
Good start with Fundamentals. Need to take more advanced courses to gain indepth knowledge.
This course provides very basic information, and I did not find it helpful.
Should be more practical and software involved should be taught.
This was a very informative course. My only suggestion is that the grading rubric and specifics for peer graded assignments should be made available prior to submission. Also would like to know what protocol is when students submit work for review that they cut and pasted from the web.
The videos were good but I found the projects to basically be busy work which didn't enforce important concepts at all. But the videos and the slide shows were good enough to make up for it.
Great, This is a lot of professional information.  I recommend it
This has given me great insight into the world of construction management. The lectures from Columbia University were top-notch (as expected). The faculty was great and kept me motivated. 1 star less because I wanted to learn even more. This is just Course 1 of 4, the other 3 are not available as of now.
we want the course based on india not the united states because we are from india.the courses should be country specific.
The program is very complete, covering the essential aspects of this discipline as well as the history and future evolution anticipated through technology.Opportunities for improvement: -Better integration of all parts of the program: the more practical lessons lack the technological theories disclosed as "musts" by the lean construction models and BIM practices. In example, the great benefits of BIM mentioned in this program as far as job site logistics and safety are not mentioned in the lesson dedicated to logistics and safety planning. In a similar manner, the great advancements of Lean practices are not discussed by the professor who managed the reconstruction of the World Trade Center, one of the best practical teachings in the program.-Better transcripts: some of the lessons have trade-related terminology errors that must be fixed ("ideal" labor meaning "idle" labor, etc.).
A very good course overall. I particularly enjoyed the unit on BIM, and the depth of the technical details presented. I would appreciate however that the transcripts were edited more carefully. It looks like some software simply converted the audio to text, which makes reading it very challenging. Personally, I am a visual learner - so I highly prefer reading text at my own pace instead of listening to the audio portion of the lectures. This was particularly difficult with some of the transcripts provided.Also, I felt there was too much overlap in some of the presenters. This course could probably deliver the same information in 20% less time with some editing. Well done overall, I look forward to continuing my ongoing education with Coursera.
Construction Project Management is a most suitable course for those who are pursuing their degree or diploma in civil engineering , architecture or some how related with respective fields. This course will teach you about BIM , construction management, construction strategies, new terminologies related with construction field, practical aspects of constructing a building, etc. Some of the lectures are very effective in explaining role of biding, contracts, etc. Assigned tasks are most suitable and fulfilled their role in grasping the topics more effectively.
Construction Project Management (CPM) is a great course if one is beginning or wants to get into CPM. I learnt lot of nitty-gritty associated with trade. the course comprehensively highlights the importance of Risk assessment, even setting up canteen involves risk was clearly described. Basics of Work Breakdown structure, logical sequencing of tasks etc can be learned. Thank you for curating such a course.
Covers the subjects in good detail.  I appreciate having instruction from people actively working in the industry.  They were able to provide real world insight into the subjects being covered.   The in-course quizes were a good check on knowledge retention.  however, the instructions on the projects at the end of the course are unclear and do not reflect the vocabulary used in the videos.
The course is helpful to understand the role construction manager, bonds and types of project delivery in a holistic way. It is well designed to describe the CPM in a simple and easy way also. However,  providing reading materials along with each video would have been more helpful for people who want to learn more about a specific topic suiting to their interest.
A good course with good information. Too much focused on building construction. Suggest a more common approach which includes other constructions including refinery / petrochemicals also. Material is still quite useful and connection can be seen to other construction types, exercises are bit challenging when one is not from building construction.
For a junior profile as I, it is a very well and rich program that is presentend here. The course is great and the speakers have a lot of qualities. The only "problem" is that sometimes, the course is only focused on construction in the USA, even if that point can give a great vision, it's not always adapted to the rest of the world. Keep going.
It is great to have practitioners as the presenters for the class. The last bit of the assignments are confusing after listening to the lecture. Luckily the classmates helped out to clear the confusion. It is a good design to push people to interact with each other. It would be great if the teacher gave feedback to the discussion topics.
Really helpful course and an extensive learning platform with enabled practical knowledge of construction project management field alongside it applications in the industry. Apart from the traditional book based learning learnt lot of new things with their significance when it comes to the real world implementation of construction.
This course is great even for a Business Manager dealing with Architects, Property, Facilities Management.Over all it provides insights and the Big Picture or 360 view from top of the construction landscape without going into depth. I would recommend to anyone who wants to have an overview of the construction contracting business
I was impressed with the quality of this course but I'd like to see more detailed examples of Work Breakdown Structure.  I think that this will be covered in greater depth in future courses, but it was hard to know what the peer-reviewed assignments were actually asking for without being able to see the grading rubric.
I Really enjoy getting multiple teachers opinions on the same topics, I find it really helps the major topics sink into my head (contracts especially)I found there was a few topics that could be eliminated such as BIM only because it seems to be a really complicated process that would most likely need its own class.
this course has really been helpful and instructive in my career path as an architect looking to fully understand the construction industry and its many facets. I do however feel that some of the information contained within the course work should be updated to reflect this current year 2018. many thanks
I found the course interesting as I am tipping my toes into the construction technology part. the course uses for most of it guest lecturers who are leaders from the industry and it is interesting. At times I would have wished a little bit stronger content but in general the course was good.
well detailed and nicely organized. I love the fact that there are subject matter experts teaching the classes, though some of the information does get a bit repetitive between different presenters. There is some fluff that I think they can remove and stay focus on the topic.
Excellent all encompassing course, only reason for 4 stars ( it deserves 4.5) only retains to the fact that some items pertaining to US rules and regulations need to be memorized which isn't useful if you are working outside of the US.Much obliged for  wonderful course.
There is a lot of information abouts bonds, and many of us foreign students don't use bonds at all. In the lectures they say that they orefer talking about bonds rather than about assurances, but for us it would be better to have assurances (or, why not, include both).
A wonderful summary of common and best practices in Construction Management. As a practicing professional in a 3rd world country, I have now been exposed to new procedures and techniques that will solve many of the Construction Management problems in our country!
This was a very interesting introductory course. It contains a huge variety of information that opened new horizons for me. The most interesting part had to do with lean management. I knew nothing about it before and I'm already interested to learn more!
ThIs is very good for beginners. A good way to introduce beginners into the world of construction management. I will recommend that more practical learning examples or tools be introduced which makes for better understanding of what is being taught.
Taking one simple project as an example and explaining the whole procedure of CM in a Single topic would have been a better way of ending the course with a Glance.... Any how it was really helpful of get ting to know the basic concept. Thank you.
it was very useful course specially that content about construction technology trends and the guys delivered it very simple and covered almost most of construction management topics. can't wait to the next course from columbia university
This course provides very academic information on project management, which I appreciate. I would have benefitted from more real-world examples peppered throughout, but overall it is very informative and covers a broad range of topics.
Final assignments very interesting but with very specific and few evaluation. I think the guidelines should be more helpful, stating the need to refer all the technical aspects such as concrete formwork withdraw and concrete curing.
Very beneficial if you want a glance into construction project management or need a review of some topics. Some modules are unnecessarily long (the BIM one especially). I really enjoyed the Lean theory module.
Good introduction to Construction Management, although it's not for beginners as the course states as you need to need to have some experience in the field in order to easily comprehend the discussed topics.
Very good introduction to outline the difference in project mgmt, programme mgmt and construction mgmt. Enough detail on various aspects for CM including type of contracts, technology and planning.
Thanks for great classes and professional lecturers, encouraging me to go deeper for the major! I love chapter four most, which has perfect and professional introduction courses of BIM.
Good course. The contents suit my purpose and expectations. I would have given 5 stars if the presentation of one or two instructors  was not so boring and a bit difficult to follow.
The instructors are very knowledgeable in their fields.  As such they all did a great job in explaining what construction is all about.  I learned a great deal from them. Thank you!
I love the format of the course and how user-friendly it is to navigate.   Some of the content may be a bit generic for those with some knowledge of the construction industry.
Not too bad.  Moved by pretty quickly.  I suppose it would have been nicer for it to be more in-depth.  But, plan to take other Coursera courses based on this experience.
Overall, this specialization is excellent! It gave me the introductory knowledge I needed. I do believe there is room for improvement; however, I am not disappointed.
its really one of the practical approach courses less theoretical and more practical idea what actually used in construction industry with top class industry expert.
Need to increase the level of quiz. Only one assignment is there in the whole course. Need to provide more assignments for practice in order to enhance the skill.
Very interesting course, offers a lots of new approaches to construction management. Highly recommended course. IT's not a basic course but a bit more than that.
The handouts should be available in the same place as the videos and there were certain activities that preceding the lectures that fully explained the concepts.
Amazingly covers all the areas and new advances in Construction field. I would still like to get in depth knowledge about new delivery systems like IPD, etc.
This course really help me in understanding the Construction project management the authors of this course explain the course objective very effectively
IT IS VERY GOOD AND USEFUL COURSE FOR ME .AFTER MY GRADUATE IT IS MOST USEFUL FOR ME IN PROJECTS. NOW I CAN MANAGEMENT MY PROJECTS AS WELL .THANK YOU
Interesting topics, most of the lectures felt topical and cited real world examples, would recommend to someone with limited PM experience.
Good overview and introduction to construction management. Some speakers are good, some are OK. But, overall, it is an informative course.
Very interesting and complete introduction to construction project management. Accessible even with a non engineer / non tech background.
Mr Ibrahim Odeh is an Ideal lecturer. We seek more lecturers like him who makes the class more interesting and teaches with enthusiasm.
A very basic course which will introduce you to Construction Project Management. In-depth explanations are provided by the lecturers.
The speed could be monitored more closely by the professor, however I loved getting this done so fast! How do I print a certificate?
Very helpful for a fresh graduate to get an insight into the industry and to gain basic knowledge of site processes and functioning
Some elements seemed redundant. Also the main focus was on big public projects rather than the more common small privet projects.
Thank you so much for the effort you have spent to prepare such a perfect courseI really took benefit from itWish you success.
Since it was presented by different speakers and from different field, some of the topics was quite repeated a few times.
It is a really good course, with a lot of subjects included, but maybe because of that, everything feels kind of shallow.
I like the course and as a general introducción I believe is very explanatory am really interested in most of the themes.
The courses gives the idea of the construction management and guide to the engineer to become a sound project manager.
I found the course to be indepth and the lectures informative.  I feel that this is a great introduction to the field.
It is a very important course, for me was mainly an introduction to everything  a construction manager needs to know.
Good overview of the industry and project management practices. A little repetitive at times but no other complaints.
Not all the parts are useful for European construction market, but it's very good quality information.  Thank you!
i am happy to complete the course, its very easy to achieved construction related courses from .Thanks coursera
Great content, well organized. I like the lecture with the visuals and the slides to review after the lecture.
Its a excellent course to know the basic of construction management especially CM vocabulary and techniques
Very informative and very useful course. Full of knowledge packed. Thank You so much to all the teachers.
Excellent overview and introductory to the Role and Responsibilities of the modern Construction Manager!
This course was very helpful and I got a great perspective on many topics in the construction industry.
Great introductory course on Construction management. I liked the module on technology trends the most.
I really enjoyed the learning format. I wish there was some live discussion amongst the class though.
Very informative and useful course but more assignments and excercises would be needed for practice.
Would be nice if there were actual written materials or suggested reading to go with each chapter.
its good and informative and before MBA this is just a demo type, everybody should surely try this
This is so wonderful but i wish i would receive the printed copy of the certificate by post too.
Basic, a little redundant but maybe for old professionals is always good go back to the basics.
This is use full course lot of new things know it will be very use full to my future project.
Great introduction course. Some sections dragged on a while, but overall great experience.
Topics appeared Slightly repetitive, but i am not sure, but worth doing, lot lot of info
I'm glad I took this course it gave me a great information about the general role of CM
A very good course to have more knowledge of my career I am very grateful to Coursera.
Not as useful for people interested primarily in  smaller scale residential building.
Great course, I would just like to suggest more numerical examples on the Lean module
Excellent overview and summary of the essence of construction project management.
Very informative, a little difficult to follow some things but overall very good.
Week 4 both BIM and Int.l development subjects were the best part of this course
Despite being quite superficial it is a good introductory course for the area.
what a fantastic way to get an introduction into PM from a construction side.
Good course, some professors were good, some made it like it was jeberish.
so useful course but I think it should be more exercises in first 4 weeks.
Well explained lectures. I like the idea of having quizzes frequently too.
Very informative programme and very well worth it in terms of value-add.
Thanks for the knowledge and skills share by your eminent instructors.
Only needed a bit more complexity. Too much generality was expressed
It's a good beginning course, but the overall content is too broad.
it is very good course sespecifcally part of EHSE, BIM and Planning
Good introductory course. Light on details, but can't do without.
career boosting , a concentrated course and useful case studies.
It's very good. I'd have preferred it a little more detailed.
Very informative and just enough detail for some beginners.
Covered all key aspects of construction project management.
Great course with attention to the details that matter.
Excellent source for keep management knowledge updated.
Great insight of construction. Highly recommendable.
course was very interesting and helpful. thank you
I have learn a lot about construction management.
WBS needs more examples, other else are perfect!
This is a profound course on project planning.
More of practical assignments could be useful
it was good experience to learn this subject
its very useful subject for large projects
Very informative and explained in detail.
Short. To the point. Golden. Recommended!
A lot of knowledge in good sequence.
Good overall introduction to CPM.
It needs more practical examples.
Very concise and relevant course
Good Introduction for CM
It was really good .
The course is well-divided and very well taught by all the teachers. The best part is the lecture material that we can download, though it was available for half the lectures only. It was a neat course, with relevant questions in the quiz and straight forward assignments. The interface and the system works very smoothly thumbs up to that! I enjoyed the BIM, Scheduling and WBS/Job logic the most.Thank you for the course coursera team.
I had a great time learning about Construction and Project Management, all the modules were awesome. My personal favorite: Tech Trends. I hope you learn as much as I did, totally recommend this.
This is an amazing course professor Ibrahim Odeh  placed a lot of effort  in this material . as a student of construction engineering specializing in project management this course really helped me a lot i developed a new perspective for the whole process  and  it definitely increased my experience .thanks to all those who participated in such amazing course.
Gives you a good overview of Construction Management. Good selection of instructors and they know what they are talking about. Organizes course material in a very defined and systematic way.
Excellent! Highly recommend for both beginners and construction professionals who want to learn about project management in construction.
Great course and right examples and very detail explanation of fundamentals, in my opinion being clear in fundamental of subject would be easier to get mastered. This course provided that to me.
If you  are interested in Construction / Project Management , this is a great course to take to inform your understanding of the processes associated with managing a project.
Great course to get an overview of the construction industry and what to expect moving forward.  Also learned new skills and the mind set of industry leaders.
The course is too good in which I have learnt construction management technologies, contracts, bonds, activities involved in it and many more. Thankful for such good course made available for all.
This first module gave me some really good insights about the construction management industry. It also introduced me to some of the best industry professionals. I highly recommend it!
I recommend this Columbia University course, Construction Project Management.
Dears. It 's an honor for me to study this most gorgeous courseAnd it is my pleasure to be between you for the duration of the course. Thank you for your constructive efforts. I also pray to God to increase your bounty
With thanks and appreciation
Engineer . Mohamed Saad Salem
As I'm not a Construction Manager or Project Manager, I'm an owner for my first housing project. I've found the course to be just what I needed covering the basics ang slowly getting more in depth.
The lecture points are brief, real, and attractive during the course.  The discussions and peer graded assignments  also worth me great understanding about construction management.Thanks
This is an excellent course! I have learned very valuable and powerful techniques, tools and principals that I can utilize in the work force. Thank you for this genuine opportunity.
Was a great course for an introduction into construction management, and a great way for someone looking to transfer into a new career to learn the skills necessary
It was not just like learning management and so, but also it enhances the feeling of good planning and healthy management.
It was an excellent course! Continue providing more courses from other branches with the same quality.
Great Course for enriching my professional and personal success joourney.Thanks Coursera.
Great opportunity to grow in your career! Thanks
Very Informative and Helpful for CPM aspirants
Important values and procedures learned.
Most of examples in the course are about the experience in north america.If it were about the construction industry all around the world it would have been very easy to correlate and apply in our day to day activities.But nonetheless a great course and I will definitely recommend to all the professional who are working in the construction industry. The main highlight of the course is the insights from the experts in the construction industry who are working in construction industry rather than a academician who teaches us only theoretical part , which some times might be irrelevant in the field.
I want to say thank you to DR.IBRAHIM ODEH ,all faculties involve in this course and all coursera community . After completing this course I am ready to start my career as construction project manager.This course give the skills require on field so am very happy to being a part of coursera community and very excited to learn other interesting courses.
Excellent course for Construction Managers in Training. Gives you integral highlights on every area. Also update the technological tool to increase efficiency on the activities involved in projects.
informative program,  Keep it up.
i love the class
Knowledge gained regarding project initiation, planning, scheduling, cost estimating & cost control, role of program manager, role of project manager, role of construction manager, global challenges, future of engineering & construction, leadership, integrity,  technical understanding, valuing of relationship, understanding with clients, construction risk, quality, safety, stage of construction, EAC life cycle, project development cycle, construction resources, contracting strategy, CM at risk, types surety bonds, theory of lean, lean design & delivery, sustainable development, community involvement, rating system, HSE practice, Safety performance, Technology Trends i.e. BIM, role of facility management, virtual reality, international development, project risk, cost risk - operation, frame work for understanding of risk, being an effective project manager, bidding & leveling sheets, logistics type of contract, technology trends in construction, international view of construction, modeling, job logic, activity relationship, project delivery method, sustainability etc. from this course.
Thank you so much for the opportunity of learning and improving myself. It has meant a lot personally. Last year I was layoff shortly after giving birth my son in USA, had to repatriate to my home country, and have been unemployed ever since. Became a  stay-home mom for the first time in my life, after 13 years of sucesfull career. I needed SO MUCH some brain work, adults time, international environment and also desesperately to fill in the gap in my career.Thank you. I apologize for making it personal, but I thought you would like to know how teaching can postively affect someone else.I don't know if will land a job and advance in my career, or if I will have to almost start over again. Regardless, I am greatfull to you all for bringing some professional meaning to my life during this really hard time.Thank you so much.
This is Salvador. I'm Mexican. I started my career in architecture since 2012. Nowadays, I still study about architecture in many subjects as possible. I have not finished my career due to school fees and my work. But, I have not left my dream to achieve my degree in architecture. So, 2 years ago I met this greatfull platform and I enrolled to this course becuase it is related to my career. All the information and knowladge that I found here is very usefull. I always say to my friends "I have to take my class at Columbia University" and I feel very happy and proud of myself taking this course in one of most important University in the world. I wanted to thank to all the Coursera team and all the Columbia University professors that make this course possible.
Firstly, I would like to thanks professor Ibrahim Odeh, Ph.D., MBA  for organizing the construction management course so beautifully that it feels like learning a new topic without any difficulty.  All the topics are somewhat interlinked to the previous topics making to easy to understand from ground level. This course really helped me as I am a civil engineering student and I want to do a master's in construction management, having got familiar with the topics which I will encounter afterward.Again special thanks to all the teachers who taught this course so nicely and made it easy to understand for us.
The Course is extremely high quality, it is interesting, integral and involving. I learned a lot, and i am very pleased. I have gotten courses from other prestigious universities and this one has nothing to envy. I liked the examination process after every topic, the videos were easy to understand and packed with information. The only thing i would correct is that in some activities I noticed that some of the members did not make them correctly or even make an effort so i think those kinds of people should be filtered, but all in all a great course, and i am exited to continue in the next ones.
This course, Construction Project Management, explored the main points of project initiation and planning in the construction industry. Learning those approaches such as Construction Scheduling, developing a network diagram, identifying a critical path in a project network, and defining project activities float, construction cost estimating and cost control, and much more. Therefore, I feel able to understand technical advances in construction modelling and work breakdown structure. It covered pivotal points of which can genuinely improve professionals' skills from different industries.
Very interesting course.... I recommend it 100% cause it has a good organization, very good presentation technology , the speakers were  highlighted professionals of the most important US construction companies. The course was not only theoretical rather we saw  practice examples, New construction technologies as BIM was very interesting... my congratulations to  prof Ibrahin Odeh he have excellent oratory as well as the rest of speakers. I hope continue to the next parts in order to see the scheduling practice more deeper as well as control methods like EV.
This course was a really interesting and informative for me as an architect. I got to know a lot of new facts and technologies, various terms used in our industry that I was just aware of but got to know more about its true importance on field. Every discussions and quiz or assignments were also very challenging and quite interesting were I was actually keeping myself in that position of a CM or a PM and then coming out with a solution.I am definitely looking forward to more such courses. Special thanks to Columbia University and the speakers.
I'm loving this course so far. I feel like I'm getting a handle on the fundamentals of construction project management which will give me a leg up in my career as an APM. I might be able to learn all this on the job but I started a new career at 39 years old...so I don't have time to learn everything I would have if I'd started when I was 25. I love that the videos are short and the assignments force me to really think about what I've learned without being so complicated that they're impossible to pass. Thanks for putting it together!!
The thing I liked most about this course, is the fact that it is being lectured by real world professionals from all backgrounds and working experiences. It was so great to hear all the thoughts on processes throughout the construction process. Typically if you are working in the industry, you only see the one side of the story, with this style of learning you are able to capture so much more. I am excited to continue to learn more about these subjects as I complete my certification.
Great course highly recommendedI am an  innovation consulting, helping construction companies to drive digital innovation by leveraging trendy technologies. My purpose for taking this course was to better understand construction, my clients' key care about. I was able to learn a big picture of construction, construction project management, and key elements to drive a successful project. The professors and leaders presented in this course are all outstanding! Thank you very much!
I delighted to end up with the course. I think every person who is involved in brings his or her experience of this wide industry is critical to improve our point of view as well as understand which way is driving the industry and which commitments have gotten to lead successful projects. I highly recommended  take it even though you have got any experience or you are getting into the industry. Thanks Coursera for useful information that I have brought to my own place.
This course is really useful for the people who are serious in upgrading their Construction management knowledge.I found it to be flexible. Instructors are experienced and very knowledgeable. One unique point about this course is that it is completely practical oriented. Overall, I have upgraded my knowledge in the subject and enjoyed attending this course. I would definitely recommend anybody who is interested in construction management to take up this course.
Professor Odeh was thorough, knowledgeable, and presented a comprehensive overview of Construction Project Management. The lectures were very detailed and engaging and the topics were thought provoking. From an architecture background, I learned much more about the process that a project goes through and the many roles, strategies, challenges and disciplines in the building industry. Everything that I learned in this course will aid me greatly in my career.
This was an amazing experience! Being a father of 3 and not being able to physically attend a classroom setting, it is difficult to further my knowledge in my field and become the best I can be at what I am doing. This course helped me to round off rough edges and understand how to better lead my team and understand what the building blocks are to being a good project manager. Thank you and I will be taking as many courses as my schedule will allow!
This course is very informative and it introduces you to the basics of planning. It is a good start to anyone who wants to immerse in the Construction Project Management. The course covers a multitude of essential topics going from BIM technology to work breakdown structure (WBS). Moreover, professors are experts in their field. To wrap it up, I strongly recommend this course to anyone who wants to enter the world of Construction Management.
Such a gr8 course! I am still in the middle of the first week but i can see -as i have completed more than 3 courses in Project management here in COURSERA -  that its content is very rich and maybe more better than any course over here. still i see that it is better to know the principles in other courses like those offered by UCI to digest the material. May thanks to Mr. Ibrahim for bringing us such experience. Happy Learning!
This is a very good course with lots of really good relevant information that can be applied in the field immediately.  It was a true learning experience.  I found myself looking forward to the lectures.  Each industry expert was knowledgeable, engaging, and shared from his or her real-life work experience - with a genuine desire to teach others how to be better at project management.  I am glad I took this course.
I am happy that i was part of  Construction project Management course. I am new in construction  field but really inspire and get motivated after this course. i learned a lot of things which is  related to the construction field . i want to appreciate  my all teachers of this course about their teaching style, the presentation  of  topics in the form of examples and diagrams. Proud to be student of such teachers.
The best thing about this course is the descriptive knowledge it imparts. All the speakers were well equipped with a lot of practical knowledge and that reflects in their mode of delivery. My personal favorite module was on use of Technology in the Construction Management. Thanks to  Ibrahim Odeh sir for such a wonderful and informative session. I look forwarding to attending the following courses as well.
This course was excellent in introducing many of the concepts that are used in construction management and project management as well a great perspective of the construction industry at an international scale. It allows the learner to develop a strong basic comprehension of the roles of the management team and the tools and strategies at their disposal to ensure a project is delivered successfully.
Construction Project Management is a very clear course about the topic on the construction industry. It gives to learners around the world a very good sense of the new technologies on industry and a profound sense of importance on project planning. That course offers not only a knowledge on the topic but an exchanging of experience through the lectures of the various professors in the course.
I have never heard a training course like this in terms of the quality of lectures as well as lecturers and the selection of an arbitrator for the topics of the course that covered most aspects in the management of engineering projects
I am grateful to everyone who has contributed to it and thanks to coursea org. for this wonderful effort in organizing and serving science.Best regardsMukhtar
The CPM course was an excellent learning experience with detailed examples.  The concepts and theories that I learned here, I will be able to apply immediately to my everyday work.  I appreciated the various instructors (that were academic and industry leaders) that contributed to this course as well as their perspective on the industry and applicable methods for the construction industry.
The course helped me a lot with understanding more of project management, this time focused on construction management. Most of the classes give you access to the presentation and the script. The quizes englobe what was discussed during classes and the peer-graded assignment give you the chance to exercise what was thought and at the same time review your classmates assignments.
Very well organized and specific to the industry. Most of these topics are important on a daily basis in the Construction Industry and usually the only way to get this much information is from experience and while working on numerous projects so these courses were very helpful to increase the knowledge you already have or as an entry basis to whoever is interested in the field.
I enjoyed the CPM course. The course content is covers the maximum gamut of CPM. The presentation and the ppt presentation is very lucid. The faculties have the in depth knowledge of the  subject and they have explained in very effective way. The initial set back of the quiz forced me to be attentive through out the course duration to capture the written and oral eplanations.
Dr. Ibrahim Odeh, was capable to put a five weeks course that surpass many other courses of one year lenght, the mix of theory and quizes based on real experience of top notch professionals of the construction field was great! - I recommend this course for any project manager that want to walk a step further in construction management. Congratulations Professor Odeh !
This course was excellent for me regarding Construction Project Management. In this course i have learnt about planning, scheduling, work breakdown structure, risk analysis and safety measures for project. After that through this course I knew about BIM-Software and its functions. At the end Thanks to my Instructor Ibrahim Odeh and all of the supporting members.
Excellent course. Both the Content and the way it is delivered. I especially enjoyed the industry experts giving live industry examples. Being a 12 years experience civil engineer myself got to learn a lot of new things. Special mention to Gus Maimis, Project Manager part of the course was really interesting. Thanks again can't wait to start the other courses
I am really thankful for all the great teachers, professionals, executives and particularly to Mr  Ibrahim Odeh for that wonderful knowledge transfer. The course content is so precise and yet too elaborate and has covered various concepts. I am happy to have been enrolled in this course and thanks to Coursera for providing this opportunity to people like me.
EXCELENT INTRODUCTORY AND EDUCATIVE. I really enjoyed everyone of the sessions and i'm grateful and expective to use the acquired knowledge in the field. I notice the educators to be really experienced and have a great management of the topic and even better are continually applying the knowledge in the field which only makes it better to learn from them
Before taking this course, i had scanty knowledge of construction management, although i know there is quite a lot to still learn in the remaining courses. But the knowledge imparted so far, serves as a good foundation to warehouse the bits of knowledge gather so far in  my chosen profession. Thumbs up to all facilitators and thanks to Coursera for this.
I am strongly recommend this course, actually the topic in each module is excellent, professionals can learns the difference between type of contracts, and also the roll than each professional has in the project.  In the same way, I am learn about what is the concept of BIM and how I must apply it to take advantage in the scheduling of the project.
Excellent pace, easy to pickup where I left off with quizzes immediately following each section. Course had more detail and minutiae than I anticipated, but I learned a lot. Guest lecturers are excellent. I have one request, that slides and diagrams can be easily downloaded w/o the image of the lecturer. That would help students take better notes.
I highly recommend this course for everyone involved in construction field.It offers a holistic overview of construction management and provides valuable details. Nothing theoritical, every piece information is practical and will help you with all types of projects.Every video is worth watching. I only wish "Lean project" videos could be longer.
I am architect, one day I have planned to work as a project manager, then I saw this course which is a significant step toward may goal. Actually it is so helpful and benefit course to develop leadershipness in all aspects for project managment. The most important thing are professional diversity tutors, practice and quizzes. Architect: zryan
I real
appreciate to be among of the students completing this course. I believe will
be fertile in my career growth.  My congratulations remarks to the
instructors for their productive course materials (videos) as well as for those
who brings the ideas to provide this course online. I hope financial aid provided will cover the
entire course.
This course definitely helpful for practicing  Engineers in middle management level. I thoroughly enjoyed the course content. I am truly obliged to the faculties and the institution to bring this master piece yet simple module for construction Project Managers. With Kind Regards,Er. Trinatha Behera, Works Department, Govt of Odisha, INDIA.
Very good introduction and detailed instruction into the world of real estate project management. I learned a good deal of new of information about WBS, Contract Types, Scheduling, BIM, Surety Bonds, Delivery Methods, Job Logic Diagraming and other important subject matters to professionally manage small and large and scale projects.
This course given me a new direction to my career, the various specialized instructors of CPM course depending on the course topic is the key factor that's make the whole learning methodology unique and interesting.  Thanks to Columbia university Team, Coursera Team and my special thanks to Mr. Ibrahim Odeh.Ar. Saurabh Trivedi
A great introduction to construction management. Covers every topics in as much detail as they could in such a short time. It's needed to take the other courses of construction specialization to get practical knowledge. Great teachers, each of them specialize in a subject and discuss their topics in detail and with enthusiasm.
Great course to learn processes and the management tools and controls used in the construction field. Course features guest instructors from top development and engineering firms. I highly recommend it to all my friends that work in the built environment. Thank you kindly to Odeh for his hard work in coordinating the course.
The Construction Project Management course was very well put together and informative.There is a lot of information that covers a broad spectrum of Project Management.How Coursera handles their web site and peer reviews leaves a lot to be desired.  Very difficult to maneuver through the class reviews and forums etc.
It is so far the most demanding of Coursera courses I have done, but very worthwhile; the breadth of knowledge is immense. Only one or two changes could be made to make it more palatable - one half module is very US-centric, and the last week is very full in coursework, which makes it extremely hard to complete.
Good morning !!!Overall it was an excellent experience to attend, review, participate in examination & getting the satisfactory grades from Coursera.Org.I am very glad to complete this online course & receiving the course completion certificate.Thank you very much & best wishes to Coursera.Org.Thank you !!!
I have no regret applying for this course via the coursera scholarship, I got the scholarship and the construction project management was a major eye opener in the construction industry. i gained skill in project planning and scheduling, construction management and project management...Thank you @coursera
I have learnt Project Management in My University Education. But After attending this course, I feel a big change in myself. Course content is Excellent and Teaching method is best. I recommend this course to all Project Management Learners.  I also want to Thank this Platform Coursera for their effort .
This is a very interesting course that I can advice every young civil engineer to take, it facilitate you to have  an insight on the main technical skills of a project manager and what is very interesting is you can study this on your personal schedule. Thank you so much coursera and Columbia University
It is a remarkable course, taught by excellent professionals in a comprehensive and interesting delivery.I like the fact that there were several specialists in all the different topic areas and that the lectures and videos are succinct and interesting.Thank you to the University and everyone involved.
An excellent intro and overview of construction project management.  My goal was to find a disciplined and rigorous avenue to help me decide if this was a viable professional path for me to pursue. Professor Odeh and the entire faculty of practicing and experienced professionals delivered big time.
This course is definitely a wonderful resource for learning, reviewing, and discussing academia. It comes bundled with multiple different resources  and a Forum where classmates can ask one another for clarification of points discussed in the video and create study groups to review and learn.
I enjoyed the course. Not only the parts about construction management principles, but the guest speakers had some interesting backgrounds and gave some perspective on tangential topics like lean processes and sustainability in construction, so I got some other areas to study as a bonus.
As an introductoury course it's very valuable to get a glimpse all around the CM issues. To deepen knowledges other courses in the same specialization are strickly recommended. It's very recommended a preliminary knowledge about basical issues in Project Management (PMI or similar).
It was hard on me to understand every word but also it was from my appreciation to join and take the advantage this important and excellent course that have the overview of the construction project management from A to Z, I hope to every learner to take the knowledge of this course.
This course has given me significant insights into technologies and methodologies used in construction industry. As a builder I definitely increased my qualifications and will keep learning as much as I can. Thank you to all speakers who put time and effort into preparing lectures.
It is an amazing  course  which helps professionals mostly working in construction industry and in project area as well. the Instructor are capable of expressing what they have observed on the actual working area so it is more of practical and helps much to implement on the ground.
This course was very good for a beginner course. There are a lot of basics. But I think some of the explanation and concepts contradict each other as same thing has been taught by different teachers. Overall a nice course for the starting of your construction management profile.
First of all, i want to thanks Columbia University and coursera who provide this opportunity.it is helpful in the field of construction management. How to manage project. Furthermore, The new technique building information modelling (BIM) is very useful regarding the modeling.
Excellent course content!!Awesome coverage of all aspects of construction project management's theoritical aspects.The freshers can get deep insight and the experienced can easily correlate the contents with their work experience and can sharpen their knowledge and skills.
I had a lot of learnings and enlightenment on the modules.  It was very well presented and easy to understand. To sometimes, the test questions for non English person, I got confused on the structuring of the sentences.  Other than that, everything is fantastic! Thank you.
Thank Columbia University, Dr. Ibrahim Ode and all other lecturers. The knowledge imparted increased my understanding of our profession. The topics discussed are very much appreciated in terms of applicability and practicability. Salute to everyone... Salute to Coursera.
This course was much more demanding and deep than I had anticipated. What a pleasant surprise. I thank professor Ibrahim Odeh for the material and I truly recommend this course for everyone that either pursues to "refresh" their ideas on the industry or to start anew.
It is a very beneficial course, which gives a great foundation to the construction management field. Believe me, all the modules are better than the other one. I encourage anybody who is interested in construction management to take the course without any hesitation.
I'm in my 8 years working in Construction Project Management as a Superintendent and some time project manager but i learnt so lot in this courses, i never thought it was part of my daily work. Thanks for all this ressources that will help me became smarter at work.
I find this course interesting and easy to understand for anyone who has been in a construction project as it broadens your thinking beyond your previous views on construction projects. I recommend this course to every professional in the construction industry.
Broad spectrum of information yet precise layout of fundamentals of project/construction management that will certainly help you in any project you may partake in. Well-balanced course that is rigorous but not stressful to complete, for which a special thanks.
I found the course context very easy to understand, across all presenters.  Industry relative input was comprehensive while concise.  The assignments tested all aspects of the lecture material.  The note-taking system assisted greatly in reflection and study.
The course is an excellent starting point for people aspiring to increase their skills in construction management. The contents are presented clearly, and by accomplished professionals in the area which enhances the credibility of its real-life applications.
Thanks to the dedicated and knowledgeable teachers, we received valuable information. Every detail is reflected in the lessons and is noticed. Labor knowledge and everything you send us
  Thank you for your continued success.

Best regards
Zülgayir YILMAZ
Must take to learn more on construction management. Gives a really good insight into real world scenario and ho to become a good manager both to the company and its employees. Taught by world renown professionals in the construction field and professors.
Perfect Course, many of the essential topics in construction industry have been addressed, I wish that you can touch more on the the integration between Lean, BIM and Project Delivery methods, in which more discussion about the challenges and solutions
It was a great experience to have a course like this. We should not bound our-self within a bachelors degree itself. This course has taught me a lot & i am thankful to all the professors & Columbia University & Coursera for providing me this platform.
Just a wonderful course, I love the presentations. The content is well delivered and understood, the discussion forums and ability to bounce ideas off your fellow classmates is wonderful. The ease of access and ability to learn while on the go is very
Very interesting course. I would reccomend it to everyone. The only thing that was not so useful for me were modules which are very specific such as Bonds. However, these might be useful in the future, for we dont only work where we live.Great course!
I love the course and coursera. Thank you so much coursera and its team for supporting me. Everything from lecture videos to quizes, assignments and especially reviewing the assignments are tooo good and well organised. Thank u so much Odeh sir!!!
This course helped me a lot to understand the construction industry and challenges, opportunities involved in it. I would further like to do courses like these to enhance my knowledge and stand out from other people. Thanks a lot for this course.
I am a construction professional and I took this course as a refresher.  It was a very good course given by seasoned industry professionals.  I would recommend to anyone that wants to get a good overview of the construction management process.
I found this course to be very informative and educational. The Lecturers were very knowledgeable and easy to understand. I especially like the last few exercises where we had to "get our hands dirty" and actually do some planning. Well done!
it is so experimental, so knowledgeable, good explanations with real skilled personnel, I like all the lectures and  articles which was taught from real experiences... I liked all the moment of this course, and this taught me many things...
Clear and understandable. This course showed me how to plan with professional notation and how to schedule any activity, not only related to construction project management but in also we could apply the in any type of project management.
I found the course very interesting, in my perspective as a civil engineer it gives you a good overview or introduction of all the topics related to the construction management. Definitively worth it to continue con the following levels.
This is the most important course for those civil engineer who work as a site engineer in the construction field because it explains all about the construction process. Thanks for providing me this great opportunity to done this course.
I think this is an excellent course, and you can learn so many new topics in this course, but I think it is important to remember that this is not enough, you should research more and more about the issues that are mentioned in here.
I took this course s a refresher course and fell in love with its know how from various instructors. I will seek every course Columbia has to teach in the field of construction. Thank you very much for opening up this door in my life
Fantastic course for beginners and experienced professional in construction field. This course is not only oriented for Civil Engineers. Mechanical and electrical engineers may also learn a lot in this course.Glad to be a part of it.
excellent course supporting engineers with needed knowledge that would be very useful for them another day on site or with office work. Course include many guest speakers that benefit us from their huge experience and vast knowledge.
The course content and presentation is very satisfactory as its covers the relevant topics adequately. Most of the presenters who are very experienced CEO's and Directors used very good real life examples during their presentations.
I am a working structural engineer with an MNC. Having to go through the concepts of project management has now given me an edge over other peers who have restricted views of a project only in line with the structural designs
This course has increasingly and largely enhanced my knowledge in construction project management. I highly thank whoever contributed to making this course a very successful one. I'm looking forward to taking my next courses!
This is a very good course, this course has given me an overall idea about the duties and responsibilities of a construction manager and skillsets attached. I am happy to do this course. I want to complete all 4 modules
A fantastic course in which I have learned numerous topics such as Lean Project Delivery, Sustainability in the Construction Industry, Technology Trends, Role of Construction Manager, etc. Thanks to Columbia university
A fantastic course in which I have learned numerous topics such as Lean Project Delivery, Sustainability in the Construction Industry, Technology Trends, Role of Construction Manager, etc. Thanks to #columbiauniversity
I have been very impressed with the speakers.  Each is an expert in their own field and provides interesting, well prepared materials.  The speakers do an excellent job of pacing their material and keeping me engaged.
Well Instructed with a lot of detail's and examples. Everything in this course has real world relevance and I plan on utilizing the skill I've learned immediately. Thank's Columbia University! New York City is #1
Very impressive fundamental developing course. I loved the fact that it let you pace yourself. This actually made learning fun and graspable. Huge thanks to COURSERA for making quality education widely possible.
I am a project manager and now I have big construction project, this course helps me for better understanding of construction management. Mr. Ibrahim Odeh is one of the best professor I have ever had. thank you
I enjoyed the organization and presentation of this course. This course has proven to be immediately valuable to my current role in the construction industry. I would like to thank you on such a fine course.
Very rigorous process yet very fulfilling and the in-structures are very exposed and experienced in their career and are passionate about what they know and do best which they were able to deliver on point.
Great course. Lectures are clear and informative. Assignments and tests are interesting to perform. In my opinion, the course is very helpful in creating a holistic view of Construction Project Management.
Remarkable course, a lot of respectful profissionals in the top of their carreers sharing their expertise along the course.I totally recommend it, specially the module regarding Lean Construction Projects.
A very comprehensive and resourceful course on construction management. It reinforced, as an architect in this field, my knowledge and understanding of the overall construction planning in a holistic way.
This course is really useful and I have gained a lot of knowledge upon the completion. I could widen my perspective in construction works and I've got much more confident after end of this course as well.
Taking Construction Project Management in Coursera was a great experience!I've been working with this subject for the past five years but this Course gave an opportunity to gain a Global view of the area.
The course was great. One thing that could be improved upon is perhaps to add a zoom in feature on the diagrams that people have submitted for better visibility. The text was too small to read. Thanks.
I thought it was a great intro coming from my Architecture background and looking forward to the other classes. I did think the information was occasionally repetitive but overall it had a great flow.
Great course, all experts involved in lessons have given perfect definitions and explanations of their topics and therefore, Dr. Odeh did a very great job. Obviously i will continue to the 2nd course.
Thank You, Coursera for the course . Its an honor and grateful to gain knowledge and skill from you. This helps me to alleviate the management and planning skills and to attend more courses from you.
A well compiled and structured course for beginners as well as seasoned professionals as it seamlessly takes the learner through the journey via modularity and concise conceptual learning paradigms.
The course provided a rigorous learning environment; I found the instructors well-informed; they were well versed, provided sound reasoning, and gave excellent examples. I was genuinely impressed.
I really enjoyed this course, as a beginner in the constriction management field, it has everything you need to get u up and running, i'm looking forward to the next course in the specialization
A fantastic course, whether or not previous knowledge was there the course really pushes the student to understand the concepts in their own manner. Perfect addition to my skill set, Thank you.
An excellent introduction to Construction Management. As a project superintendent this course provides an added tool in understanding the process that is critical to my job responsibilities.
Excellent! Guest speakers were clear and passionate about their fields. Professor Odeh was easy to follow. I think the instructions for the WBS and Job Logic Diagram could have been better.
Very well taught course, in which I learnt a lot of things even though they are the basics. I serioisly trust the contents learnt from this course will be of good use in my career. Thanks!
The course material was pretty dry but thorough.  I believe it is a good introduction to the methods and processes of project management for the architectural and construction industries.
This course was clear and concise. There was no ambiguity in the delivery of the modules and and the suggested steps assisted in creating a full understanding of the goals of the course.
Its an eye opener to construction project management, it is very encompassing,a very interactive and I will recommend it to project management practitioners in the construction industry.
Thank you for these valuable lessons. This course is at the height of a classroom course. I had the impression of following Professor Ibrahim Odeh face to face. Ready to take course # 2
The course material was a truly useful and the lectures were awesome from all the lecturers and is perfect course for personal development and professional.Thanks to the  all team.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Every presenter was awesome in their presentation of the material. Was very pleased with this and will definitely tell other about this. Thanks!!
Really appreciated the content given in this course and would love to do the others. Ibrahim Odeh, Ph.D., MBA is a boss! clear, effective and knowledgeable! Loved his tutoring.
Very helpful and useful course that developes ones skills on planning,project management,scheduling and program management.Thanks a lot Mr.Ibrahim Odeh and Columbia University
Awesome class! Very easy to understand and it is a great starting point for people who want to gain a basic understanding of the construction industry. Would highly recommend!
This course is very useful for processes in the CPM helps us to understand the processes from another point of view and how to see it. Thank you very much Columbia University.
This course helped me in expanding my knowledge of construction management. All the lecturers are highly qualified and their teaching is based on their industry experience .
A vigorous understanding of the management of construction. From job contracts down to job logic diagrams I personally left well informed and hungry for a project of my own.
Very comprehensive and illustrative course.It helped me to learn a lot about project management concept.Thank you so much to every guest speaker and professor Ibrahim Odeh.
This course was excellent! Very detailed and clear information was displayed. I would definitely recommend this course to everyone who is seeking a career in construction.
This is by far the most informative course for construction managers. Great discussions and all the critical aspects of construction management has been discussed. Kudos!
I enjoyed this course and found it to be very informational easy to follow as well as challenging. I look forward to completing the next 3 courses in this specialization.
The course was excellent and insightful. It clearly explains crucial concepts and introduces excellent modern methods in current use and the future of project management.
One of the best and engaging course amalgamated with the best and helpful people. I am looking forward for several more experiences with coursera on the path of learning.
Very rich content and excellent presentation from all the presenters. Many thanks to the brain behind this course and Coursera for the financial aid. God bless you all.
Course was tough in very simple and easy manner, video lessons are very useful.My thanks & Regards to all Instructors and Team Members who has constructed this Program
It's a very comprehensive course, even for people from other fields. If you want an overview from the Construction Industry, this course is highly recommended to you.
Great introduction course for this specialization, safety and introduction of new technologies changing project management were some of the best parts in this course.
It's a great course, covers the basics with leaders in the industry, so you have the opportunity to learn not only theory but to listen to their experiences as well.
It was an amazing course, thanks to Dr. Ibrahim and the rest of the instructors.I look forward to the other courses in this specialization, good luck for everybody.
Easy to follow presentations, with clear speakers.  I liked the quiz or discussion question at the end of each section.  Helped to solidify the information learned.
All the instructors are truly experts in their fields, so that enriches the lectures to give a more interdisciplinary approach to the knowledge through the course.
I really enjoy the CPM course. I want to still studing in this field (Construction Project Management) Thanks and enjoy the rest of the day. Leonardo or Nalovsky.
Very good High level overview on the role of a project manager, contracts and associated disciplines like BIM, sustainability, Project delivery and so much more!
The
course is very useful for my research work and professional development and the
resource persons are excellent teachers who delivered each lecture perfectly.
An in depth introduction to project management as it relates to construction. Some previous knowledge of project management theory was helpful, but not required.
Thanks to competent instructors of the course, it is really informative and perfect fit for those who want to develop a foundation of Construction Management.
Having passed 70+ courses on Coursera, this is by far the most complete course I have ever taken. Thank you so much for this fantastic bundle of information.
This is an amazing course taught by interesting and knowledgeable lecturers. It increased my urge to follow the other courses in this specialization as well.
Excellent Course. Thanks a lot Professor Odeh for giving the opportunity to people to have such a great education. Looking forward for more courses form you.
I really learned construction project management knowledge and skills. I gained new skills of to manage my future projects and I hope my career will develop
Excellent Course with real life example. I will highly recommended it to anyone interested to learn about Construction Management. No Experience required!
A very must course for the project managers and particularly for the construction field. Explained professional methods with easy to understand language.
The structure of this course is quite clear,but if it could provide a reading list, it might help me understand part of specialized knowledge deeply.
Thanks a lot for the effort exerted in the course from all the instructors. It was a great course with lots of information and different insights.
It was very educational, although I have been in the industry for a while, this course has opened my eyes to different aspect of running a projec
The course was well presented by the Tutor. It was intensive but clear and relevant.The examples were also appropriate at the introductory level.
It is quite helpful course for the new Construction managers. It gives you an idea of what all needs to be taken care during the course of time.
This was perhaps the most comprehensive course to construction management I've seen in a platform like this. The exercises also helped a lot.
A very good course to refresh concepts and learn new theme. A great opportunity to practice english in a construction management environment.
As an engineer in a construction firm I should admit that this course is very useful for those, who start their careers in this profession.
I had a great experience learning from such intelligent professors. I would recommend this course for every Civil Engineer pursuing Btech.
Excellent course. It covers everything in a very clear and easy way. It will definitely be helping in enhancing my skills. Thank you all.
Its one of the best course available for civil engineers available online and came to know about many things while learning this course
All topics explained in this certification are extremely important, useful on field, it’s a scoop of real management, 100% recommended.
easy to follow along but assignments need more details or at least a spot to discuss with teacher before turning it in. glad I passed.
This is a really good introduction to construction project management. I have learn some basic notions and I would thank you for that.
Very helpful in understanding construction science in a very simple and lucid manner with example and quizes which are of great help.
This is wonderful course and I learn a lot most especially project management, time management, cost and timely and also quality work
Great course, I was hoping to learn about the basics of this and that was exactly what this course is. Great for introductory levels.
Thank you so much for this precious course that will be for sure big add value in my CV and will increase my qualification strength.
This course is very helpful specially for civil engineers and also helps in building a strong background of construction management.
Really liked the trainer's approach. Very supportive and relaxed. excellent content and very knowledgeable trainer's. Thanks a lot
It was indeed a great course to start with for the construction management knowledge seekers. Have got the right shoes to step in.
It
was a very useful course. I gained many important information that will help me
a lot.Thanks
to Coursera and to my Instructors.
Super course and the best among the 4. Dr. Odeh is superb. This course is a must for all civil engineers!Very very comprehensive.
Great course at coursera from best experienced instructors, really enjoyed to complete this course. Thanks to Columbia University
One the best I have seen in a long time. Course delivery method is excellent. I wish to continue learning form these instructors.
Great course! I was able to combine my practical knowledge with theory. I find the lectures really interesting and well prepared.
Very informational and helpful with todays construction Industry.  I walked away with a lot of useful information and knowledge.
The above course will be be a source to grow yourself. It will understand you more better if you had a nominal work experience.
A great course for all the people who are starting in the construction industry, relevant topics and explained in a simple way.
Was an amazing experience studying this course. Learned a lot of key things from the course that will be helpful in my career.
I have inserted to much , I have learned , I am So happy because you as mother open her hands to her son , thank you very much
Great course, it gives you the basics of construction management and an overview of important topics surrounding construction.
A pretty good course.. mostly covers construction system followed in the united states..but is pretty decent for a beginner!
Great course informative and very good instructors. Industry giants that validate and give a real world feel to the course.
With the course I was able to know about the new as well as different process to manage a construction process efficiently.
Very good content in overall. It has been very much helpful for me learn various construction management knowledge domains.
Excellent course. as a newbie in construction industry, it really helped me to understand why we follow certain processes.
This is a great course for someone entering the field or making a lateral move from the field side to the management side.
This first week gave a very clear representation of the differences between Program, Project and Construction management.
Nice course for working professionals having Civil background especially. Learnt many new techniques and methods in CPM.
Very helpful and intresting way to get in to the field of construction managment and in project managment in general!!!
Its a best course which i learned. I,m very thankfull tofor this informative course and its helpfull for my career.
Great course topics and material, dynamic and interesting to follow. Can´t wait to apply everything I have learned.
The modules are very informative. As a newbie in Construction Industry, I learned a lot thru this online training.
It was a excellent course. Have a great professional and i am glad to be part of this. I recomend it all the time
Excellent course ... I have learned most important and construction effective material for become a good leader/C
Learnt more than I expected. Really Good course. THANKS  TO COURSERA AND COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY FOR THIS OPPURTUNITY
Very interesting about the information you can find and discover into this course.I am satisfy with the teaching.
easy point to point explanation just loved some one had thoughts for the civil engineering on part time learning
Amazing Course for you who wants to be a master in Project or Construction Management! Thanks for the Nice Share
very useful data used in the whole course.Learned a lot which would help me to implement in my day to day life.
I recommend the course for all construction professionals and students who pursue construction related studies.
Excellent course to boost your knowledge in the Construction Management field as well as Construction Industry
This was a wonderful experience for me. I must say course was nicely structured with focused on latest trends.
This course exposed me to many project management skills and i recommend it to all construction professionals
Very useful and easy to understand. The lecturer did a good job conveying the theory. Keep up the good work!
This course helped me to enhance both my technical skills as well as managerial skills of Construction work.
Very comprehensive course! It was more advanced than I thought. I was expecting a very beginner type course.
Amazing course. Learning from professionals of such highly reputed firm was truly an eye opening experience.
Extremely Informative & full of technical data & great professional advice. Future forward thinking/planned.
The course was very informative .i almost covered all the topics for a beginner in construction management
I enjoyed every minute of the modules. I have been in the industry for 20+ years its fun to keep learning.
This is a very educative and interesting session. My knowledge about construction management has improved.
Great course! Brings a vast amount of knowledge throughout several essential topics to a Project Manager.
A well packaged course for learning of the adaptation of project management to the construction industry.
Informative even for an Architect / Contract Administrator, good to learn the other side of construction.
Very Nice overview of Construction Management.  The instructors were easily understood and knowledgable.
It is very much oriented with the practical as well as advanced concepts based. It was very informative.
I'm very interest in learning CPM and the new technologies who comes in the field. good update course.
All necessary information is provided and few of the guest lectures were amazing and very informative
The course was very informative and I learned a lot of concepts that I can apply to my everyday work.
GOOD ONE FOR UNDERSTANDING BASIC CONCEPTS. A GOOD INTRODUCTION TO THE WORLD OF CONSTRUTION MANAGMENT
This course gives you an understanding of how construction projects actually work.Highly recommended
It was one of the best courses I have ever attended although I thing some videos were a bit lengthy.
I have got many interesting methods and ideas. Especially, in the sphere of lean project management.
this is very good for those people who are under construction manangement.please follow this course.
Excellent! Highly recommend for construction Engineers who want to learn about project management .
The course is on point and exposes one to the modern trend and rudiments of construction management
The course was very informative and covered many topics.  Thank you so much!  I enjoyed the course.
Excellent course and should be taken by entry to junior level project / construction professionals
Very nice course giving good knowledge about construction and contracting in general, recommended.
This course is really improving the knowledge towards construction project and program management.
It has been a pleasure doing this course which is cleared and full of examples easy to understand.
Perfect for students and professionals both who want to pursue their career in construction field.
Wealthy and valuable course from experienced professionals in the field, I strongly recommend it.
Very nice course got much valuable information on construction managementThank you coursera team
Amazin course, it is a complete introduction to all the construction areas and new technologies.
Great course, had lots of good information to prepare the student for the construction industry.
it was a very useful course with a huge amount of information and so related with practical live
I learn lots of new things among those i get knowledge how to planning a project and management
Really good organization, the concepts behind the classes are all practical and used worldwide.
Very well structured course on Construction Project Management. I enjoyed learning this course.
Crucial course basement of construction project management specialization. Thank you so much.
Very practical and helpful with a lot of experienced speakers from the construction industry.
An excellent overview of the subject. Lays solid groundwork for more advanced understanding.
Great course.I Just learned so many new concepts.Thank's to all the lecture whoever teached.
Thanks everyone for your awesome efforts, It was really great time to learn from all of you.
It is such a wonderful course. Filled with experiences shared from different professionals.
Very well mounted. The two 'dirty-your hands' exercises, in the end, were very well placed.
MUY BUENOS TEMAS, ADEMAS DE QUE EN CADA UNO DE ELLOS SE EXPLICA PERFECTAMENTE EL CONTENIDO
Great course, all the areas are covered by the experts in the field and very resourceful..
Excellent fundamentals that can put to use immediately. I'm very satisfy with the course.
Excellent course, i have leaned a lot of thing related to construction project management
This course provides a very good overview of Construction Project Management.  Thank you!
An excellent way to start this specialization! The course was clear and very interesting.
Excellent summary of various elements of construction management and project management.
It is a great course as it has widen my management horizon as a budding project manager.
Its best course on construction project management with best faculty and study materiel
Great course with flavor of entire construction management subjects. Thank you so much.
It was an amazing opportunity for me to learn new things about construction management.
i learned and experienced a lot of new things it was my pleassure to attempt this couse
Very well administered course, I liked the presentations and the interactive questions.
it is very detailed and covers a lot of useful subjects. I liked this course very much.
Great learning experience enriches my skills and ability to work in adverse situations
Good course lot of learning in properly prepared lectures with good visual description
informative and provides insight into the technology trends and how market is changing
Its detailed and comprehensive. Specific and reliable. Best lecture! Thanks Mr. Odeh.
Really useful,interesting, well defined, really well teached and organized. Thank you
GREAT COURSE. ONLY ISSUE I HAD IS THAT FEW OF THE PRESENTATION VIDEOS DIDNT DOWNLOAD.
Excellent course and instructors. Very good knowledge and applicable to my industry.
Very worthwhile for someone like me who has little to no experience in the industry.
Very helpful with great videos and many assignments to apply what has been learned.
Good Course and more knowledge and a new method for Construction Project Management
i learn from this course , I need to thanks all of the professors thank you so much
Despite the experience I have under construction, this course organized me better.
This will be to improve my skills to manage all thinks in the construction field.
It is a great course to complement what I learned in my Civil Engineering major.
Great experience!!! This course gives very valuable knowledge!!Thankyou so much!
The course has equipped me with additional knowledge of Construction Management
Very informative course. All the tutors were amazing in clearing the concepts.
I've really enjoyed this course. Very intructive and absolutely recommendable!
Awesome learning experience!!! Thanks Coursera!!!Thanks Columbia University!!!
Exceptional Teaching by experts that improved my technical skills and concepts
Amazing....the perfect words with the perfect time, with the perfect teachers
thank you ibrahim and coursera also other teachers for your valuable lectures
All the speakers in this course explains all the topic in very well manner ..
Excellent course. Taught me a lot with great clarity and very well organized.
This course gave me a good understanding on how construction management works
ITS A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO KNOW THE BASIC OF CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGEMENT
I loved and enjoyed this course it was very helpful and understanding Thanks
I wish I could review the materials and my notes from the completed course.
large and complete couse which can give you  generall view of great topics.
Best course in construction management by great university and best teacher
Great course, very informative, full of insights and practical information.
Excellent and relevant. Will be taking the second course in two weeks time
I found thIs course very useful. And what I like more is, its flexibility.
This course is amazing! The technical material is awesome! 100% Recommeded
Excellent course!! Ideal if you plan to enter the construction industry .
This course is amazing giving brief inside about construction management.
i love this course. i teach me alot about construction project management
It is a very good course to start learning about construction management.
Very good seen online video course great information thanks thanks thanks
It's a nice take this course. Thanks to University Columbia and Coursera
The course is equipping and insightful.i learnt a lot from this course.
wonder course. widespread practical knowledge of construction industry.
Very well put together with great lectures from industry professionals.
By attending this course and on the verge of completing, I feel satisfy
This course is a great journey with a lot of nice experienced experts.
Very interactive models and elaborate explanations by the instructors.
This course was a fantastic refresher to catch up on the basics of CM.
an excellent course to enhance knowledge about construction management
Excellent course for people, who want to structures gained experience.
very good professors & the content is also very informative & helpful
Amazing seminar, very helpfull with many important people that speak.
Very enlightening for those who are interested in switching fields.
Very informational. I like the activity/discussions in weeks 4 & 5.
Very informative for the basics of construction project management!
Absolutely informative and i can't wait to learn more on the field.
it is a great opportunity for me to learn this course from coursera
Well explained, specially liked the new trends in technology class.
Im very thank full to coursera...who gave opportunity to learn....
perfect coursei learnt a lot.very clear and straight to the point.
Really great effort by coursera team Its really informative course
Great course to learn the fundamentals of construction management!
a very good foundation to introcude us in the construction´s world
Very useful course and a lot new things to learn from this course
Really enjoyed the lectures by different leaders in the industry.
I am enjoying the course, got some new knowledge and perspective.
Best Course - Direct Learning it from the Experts in Construction
Would recommend it for everyone working in construction industry
course is very thorough, learn all levels of project management
A very good course with top-class speakers, very recommendable.
I truly enjoyed learning this from this professional industry!
Thanks a lot for such an informative course. Hugely benefited.
It is a good course to increase the understanding of subject.
Very Effective Course.Has a useful content and good speakers.
The course is great. All the classes were above expectation.
Information was great. Week 4 topics were a little monotone.
Fantastic opportunity to learn about construction management
A very informative and useful course that I enjoyed to take.
Excelente course I really felt was an incredible experience.
Excellent.  The material and instruction was very well done.
I enjoyed the well experienced tutors and the quiz sessions
Great Course to improve your construction management skills
Good course. Content addressed in a clear and objective way
This is a very good and useful course! Highly recommended!
I really enjoy it and full of knowledge.  Thanks Coursera.
Good course with great insight to construction management.
Very important for construction manager and get knowledge
Great course, don't skip the assignments and do the work.
Good Introductory course for the newbies in AEC industry.
In-depth offering that was comprehensive and worth-while.
Very insightful course in construction project management
Thank you very much for your effort , such a great course
itisa really industry related programme and very useful .
Easy to grasp. Love that I can listen to lecture anytime.
Can't wait to take the remainder of this specialization.
Excellent course. .very useful for my career development
Excellent course to get your feet wet and to build upon.
Very good course , with talented instructors thank you .
Very useful for beginner! Very useful and comprehensive!
Very easy to understand and a great source of knowledge
Excellent introduction to this field, Highly recommend!
Learnt a whole lot from this course and better equipped
All the information I needed and more!!!!! Thank you!!!
Great professional experience is shared in this course.
thank you, very good themes and classes. Learned a lot!
A course which is very interesting applicable on job..
i learned very well the course i have chosen thank you
I really enjoy every second of this course. Thank you!
it really helps me for improve my skills and knowledge
Great, practical lectures from people in the industry!
Me gusto, me ayudo mucho. Good courser. help me a lot
This an eye opener course to construction management.
Thanks Prof. OdehThanks Coursera for the opportunity.
An excelent course  for engineers and constructors!!!
Great course and great knowledge! So worth the money!
Very helpful course. Really up to date and practical.
I love the course ... its Awesome ... Thanks Coursera
This Course is very helpful. Strongly Recommend it.
This was really helpful Course Especially the week4
Thank you very much for such an informative course!
100% recommend. Very easy to follow. I enjoyed it.
Really easy to learn, good job for the instructors
Its a wonderful learning experience with coursera.
More than my need nice course thanks dear teachers
its a very good course. thanks to all professors.
Excellent course for Project Managers - A Must Do
This was was a very insightful and useful course
This course is eye opener anybody can give a try
Great course, well structured and clear material
Content Design for this course is extraordinary.
Recommended for entry-level young professionals.
Great lessons, good teachers and presentations.
Excellent course. Very detailed and insightful.
Very informative and engaging at the same time.
Thank you for sharing your practical knowledge
The course is well explanatory and of standard
It is a great start to Construction Management
The most course of the construction managment
Great course with awsome lectures and content
It is so helpful, Thanks so much for Coursera
excellent over view by the industry veterans.
It was a great course, I have learned a lot.
topic are cleared with very good lecture....
Perfect, That's the only thing I can say. :)
Very good course on construction management
Very informative and practical information.
One of the best course i have ever learned.
It's really a very good course and helpful
an excellent course, thanks you very much!
Very helpful, Thanks for the instructions.
Very informative as Project Management 101
it was very helpful and provide insights.
Great Introduction to Project Management.
Good overview of construction management.
Good course , I really like this course .
Good course and have a lot of information
most enjoyable ! being on the next unit !
such an informative and excellent course
Excellent course, I recommend it highly.
Extremely helpful and informative course
Very usefull for my nect career journey.
An incredible course. Thanks to Coursera
Extremely informative and well-prepared!
Excellent course! Highly recommend this!
Great course! Keep on to the next level.
This was a great introductory course!!!
Great content and amazing methodologiy!
I learn a lot from this course, Thanks
Great Introductory Course for CM! :)
Very good course and well explained.
Thank you for help us to learn more.
Very complete and with a good level!
I've learned a lot from this course.
Great intro to CPM! Highly Recommend
i am so happy to finish this course
It is a good platform for learning.
Well helped in learning the course.
Informative and easy no understand.
Very well rounded and great course!
Good introduction, great speakers.
Very informative & well presented
Really good course, it was worthy
Good explinations, thank you all.
The best course I've ever watched
Excellent course and instructors.
Great course, really recommended
Good course , appreciate for all
Fantastic course, lots to learn.
Thanks!Great course, great job!
Beautifully explained in brief.
Very informative and well done.
Good and very much informative.
thank for providing this course
Really a very good course I saw
Excellent Coaching faculties..
i have learned the course well
Excellent course for learning.
It gives a good broad picture.
Great course very informative.
very informative for starters.
Excellent topics and teachers!
It is the very useful course.
thank you very muchgreat work
Well done, timely and direct.
Very realistic and objective
Thanks a lot for this course
many thanks , for all of you
Really nice and informative.
superb.. i love this course.
too help in personal growth
thanks for good information
Great course. Learned alot!
it's very good .many thanks
Amazing course for starter!
Amazing! Very good course!!
Great course. thanks a lot!
Awesome experience with it
Very Good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TRULY ENJOYED THE COURSE!
It is an amazing course.
Very helpful; thank you.
best teachers i ever had
Very complete. Liked it.
Thanks for your support
a very fantastic course
Awesome, Thank you all
Very informative class
it's a great pleasure
Great learning module
Thanks it was helpful
Interesting Course!!
Amazing and complete
nice and wonderfull
just awesome class.
Thank You Very Much
Very Good Course..
Very good lectures
Very good courses
EXCELLENT COURS !
It's good course.
Useful knowledge
Best in class...
awsome Course !
it was fabulous
top  top
4and1\2
