It is tottaly unacceptable to have to pay to pass quizz !!!I cancel my participation
Confusing lecture. Explanation is not proper.Its mix up.
Currently not in my use
Very interesting perspective on money and banking and the link between the two. A few suggestions for improvement: (a) make real e-lectures, not just take-outs from lectures, (b) provide a textbook (the lecture notes are mediocre), and (c) clarify what the course structure is.
Having not been present in money, finance or the world of economics for some time the first couple weeks of this course were rather intimidating. As the weeks progressed and the progression of the course became more clear, I found the course very interesting and insightful. I took this course as a personal interest course and not as a "credit" course and learned a great deal not only about the differing views regarding money, but also about the events surrounding money and the powers of banks.
Overall I really liked the course. Many real world examples are provided, the course covers all topics mentioned during the examples and it gives you insight in many world's banking mechanism. Negative aspects: too long, some chapter can be cut off, you need a minimum background in economics to fully enjoy the course.
The content of this course is very relevant to the real-world financial system, and provide an alternative way to understand how the financial system works and how they relate to each other. This is the biggest difference from those standard books of the money and bank.  Overall, it is a very good course.
The course content is very interesting and provides a broad view of the history of the development of the theory of money and banking.
However, tests are not always correct. The choice of answer is often ambiguous. We need slides that briefly present the essence of the problems under consideration.
I learned so much about an important topic and Prof. Mehrling keeps you interrested in the course throughout all lectures. I enjoyed the connection to the real world through the real world examples. Just 4 stars, because I missed some balance sheet quizes or more mathematical questions
Excellent Course.Well crafted syllabus and text that builds on material and continual ties ideas together. Stay Liquid and Survive!Negatives:Dated materials, article links that do not work, some of the video editing.  Quizes are not really benficiall to learning
Very good course, teacher is great and content is very insightful.On the less good side, students should not expect all concepts to be clarified from the beginning, so a good deal of research has to be self made.
I can get the useful knowledge on origin of Fed and other basic source about American finace. So I want to deeply recommend this course to all of you. Thanks
It was awesome to know and learn economics from a different point of view from a view which  I'm learning in Japan
A very structured course and content.  Interesting teaching methods made it easy to grasp.
Awesome instructor, great sharing of knowledgeThank you
Really an interesting course. Filled with knowledge
Very Insightful and extremely intense.
Excellent explanation of the way money moves the world we live in today. Brilliant professor who's passion and depth of understanding adds to the fascination of the world of money & banking.
I have learned a lot from this course. This course has completely changed the way I see economy and finance. I remeber once warren buffet said in his AGM"few teachers can completely changed the way you see world for me it was ben graham".professor mehrling could be my ben graham. It was evident from professors lectures the amazing knowledge and skills he has. Specially the way professor interprets FT articles is superb.Sometimes this course do get tough and confusing and to clear that confusion you have to revise old lectures. This course has helped me to get better understanding of how global financial system works
Working at a bank, I realized that economics and finance are in reality more driven by liquidity and money hierarchy than fundamental values. This course has given a very practical perspective on how the entire system evolved. The economics and finance they teach in schools need to come over the assumptions of perfectly liquid markets. The world is different. Let them prepare the coming generation about this since early age.
Super insightful, I wasn't able to do a course in Money and Banking in university and I'm very glad I got to do this updated view on how banking works in the modern age. Excellent course
Professor Mehrling is fantastic.  I found this course supremely interesting, and I learned an incredible amount from it.  I would venture to say that most have not taken an economics course like this one before.  This definitely felt like a real college course.. 13 weeks of lecture, 2.5-3 hours of lecture each week.  I believe Professor Mehrling said in-class that the two prerequisites for this course (for Columbia University students, not Coursera users) are Intermediate Micro and Intermediate Macro, so the course is definitely fairly high-level.  To put it into perspective, I was an Accounting/Finance major with Econ minor and have CPA/CFA.  So while not "trained" in economics, I've had a fair amount of exposure, but I definitely felt intellectually challenged and frequently had to relisten to parts of lectures.  Definitely recommend this course!  Learned something every minute of every lecture.
Although I
hold a BSc in Economics and an MBA, I have to admit that before taking this
mooc I only had some vague macro-based ideas about the actual mechanics of
banking. This mooc is an eye opener to the realities of our modern money &
credit markets and institutions. I finally understood some heavilly complicated
concepts, like derivative financial instruments, that are presented in a manner
that builds intuition easily around their usefulness as tools, despite
their heavy quant mathematics that always deterred me!
Learned a lot from this even though I should have taken a derivatives course beforehand to understand forwards, swaps etc a bit better as they were discussed. I now feel I have a good understanding of the banking system as a whole and how it succeeds and fails. Also gave some good food for thought on how to better regulate and manage the system going forward. I took this course as the coronavirus pandemic pricked the asset bubble and inspired yet another financial crisis. It was remarkable how many of the things he was discussing from the GFC are still a problem today and for much the same reasons!
I found this to be an excellent introduction to how modern banking works. If this class grows increasingly popular, go long whatever company sells chalk because the professor consumes quite a bit as he sketches out a seemingly infinite number of T-accounts to illustrate the trading of money through multiple markets, including Fed Funds, EuroDollar, Repo, Swap and FX. By the end of the class, you get a good sense for the plumbing behind markets, and develop an alternative and practical view of what drives asset prices than what you perhaps learned studying economic or financial theory.  You also gain an appreciation for how big shadow banking is globally, how all money is not created equal, and how the value of any asset can change drastically through the mechanics of the dealer system as investors discover this point.
Most comprehensive course I have taken regarding Money and how it interacts with the economy. Having studied Economics as my undergrad, I was very disatisfied with the Monetary Policy course I took (the only one where we got the chance to see how Money interacts with the economy), because of its simplicity and "Jimmy Stewart" banking form of teaching, as Professor Mehrling usually refers to during this course. Congratulations and thanks for teaching me lots of important things I never heard during my career! Every Econ major should definitely take this course (even if you graduated), if you want to understand how the financial system really works, what is the real function of the Central Bank, and how we have evolved from the rupture of Bretton Woods in 1971!
It is a pleasant, agile, instructive course that brings a new vision of the interaction between economic, financial and monetary stuff. Perry Mehrling is exemplary, a teacher who reflects that he loves what he does. The dedication in each lesson, the contribution of material in the form of readings and the way classes are taught (with the use of slate and chalk included!) is increasingly unusual in today's times.
I think EMB is the best course out there if you'd like to learn how money markets and capital markets interact in the modern times. This is something very unlike what is taught in your regular macro or fin courses, which will start making much more sense after you've done well in this course. Highly recommended.
The concept of 'money view' was totally different, and very helpful to understand modern economy events. My major is Economics, but compared with what I've learned in my school, this course was a lot more realistic than any lectures in my school.
The course was really interesting. The professor`s knowledge is really deep and his explanations and examples are very good. I really enjoyed this course, It gave me a different perspective on the money market.
Fantastic content, it explains how banks work behind the scenes and many intricacies of the current financial system. Super suggested even to those who don't have a financial background.
Superb course, taught by a superb professor. It provides you with all the nuances and the intellectual stimulus to dig further deep into money markets, banking and finance.
Some really complex topics explained in really simple and fundamental terms
This is a truly superb course, probably unique in its breadth, depth and realistic, fact-based approach to teaching money and banking. I particularly liked the systematic use of balance sheets for the presentation of the materials, the emphasis on History and institutions to understand the contemporary banking system, the explanations on the hierarchy of money and credit and of how all banking is essentially an exchange of IOUs (mostly created from thin air). The transition from traditional banking to shadow banking is very well explained. The role of the Fed as a liquidity backstop for the financial system, the eurodollar as a source of global funding and the causes of the financial crisis are all clearly presented.  I'm now eagerly waiting for an updated version of the course, since the recorded lectures are from late 2012.
I am not a student of economics yet always believed I had the intuitive sense to understand it. So I dared to take this 13 week course adding excessive discipline over elasticity so that I complete it . There were times I had to replay the videos multiple times to pick the finer points. Times I had to google to understand terms like budget line, possibility frontier , covered interest parity etc. I did not mind it at all because the entire course was so inspiring, so full of knowledge that I was ready to put all my heart to grasp it. The course is superb, the instructor Perry is definitely one among the world's best teacher. Since I started studying as a 3 year old- this is the among the 3 or 4  courses that will influence  my thinking the most. Thankyou , thankyou. This certificate is my prized collection.
I did in my local university a course in Monetary Economics and then I did this. This course it's not a traditional course, if you know previously something about it, you will recognize this is a lifetime work of investigation, theorization, of a academic passion about how this trully work in markets. It's not a easy course, I have to repeat many weeks to get along. But Professor Mehrling structured the course with reading materials that give you a broader understading, he uses real data to explain and exemplify, he reads FT and discuss. I'm so grateful for this course, before that I used to think I knew monetary system. Now that I know much more I'm aware of my ignorance. Hope some day he make another course, or just update this one with the new events in the central baking world.
It starts very simple, but this is really a profound course. Begining from "what is money", it looks into classic banking, how things changed in the shadow banking system, what money markets do and how the players operate, especially the role of market making brokers. If you have some economics and/or finance back ground, this will have your views stand on their head, and then come back on their feet. You will have a changed view on central banking. I don't think anyone can completely absorb this in one go, but it will provide really stimulating and eye opening views on every section of the lecture.
While the course presupposes a state and underconceptualizes or rather even ignores the law it still is the go to online course for anyone interested in the phenomenon that probably is as misunderstood as it is often mentioned: money. Specifically "global money". Perry has amazing teaching skills, too. You can tell he not only has taught this course a lot of times but he also loves what he's doing and keeps on getting an even better teacher. I've done this course multiple times and will probably keep doing it. There is so much in here to learn and to more deeply understand...
Economics and Finance have always been explaining theories and concepts to students. Often when thought back/pondered upon, the theories are unable to explain all the queries of real life. This course stitches through all the theories and present a very well thought out and a complete picture of the financial world. A very unique perspective and a rare perspective at that.Highly recommended that you register and pay for this course. As it makes the learning so much more interesting, intriguing and gives us so much understanding of the money view of the financial world.
Extremely interesting course where no financial specific skills or knowledge is required to capture the essential aspects of each lecture. It really helped me to connect economic aspects together with financial ones learned during university studies. Furthermore, it provided me many new key insights on how the money and banking system works as well as monetary policy. I also strongly suggest it because the professor is absolutely immersive and addictive thanks to his genuine passion for these topics and desire to teach them. Thanks a lot for this great opportunity!
Well structured course with an exceptionally insightful view of how the money markets works. The readings that are given are exceptional and I have learnt more about the financial markets that many other courses. Professor Mehrling is an exceptionally charismatic educator and takes us through a journey that clearly explains the crisis and gives us an alternative view that might just help make finance clearer to anyone. I really hope that unit two of this course will be recorded and be distributed by coursera.
Challenging for someone like me with no economics background (other than the obligatory classes at university 20 years ago) but it's a well of knowledge and cleanly, conscisely presented. Only issue is at times feels a bit repetitive (even considering that the educator is trying to point out similarities in structure at different levels of the hierarchy) and a bit hard to keep the final point of the lecture in mind while going through some details. But overall learned a lot and had a good time studying!
A really great course taught by Professor Perry G Mehrling that is suitable for beginners and intermediate students wishing to know more about the subject of economics, specifically how banking and the global economy works. The course outlines and explains many different concepts, and perspectives of economics in a neutral way as to explain the concepts best. Along with this every concept is explained with balance sheets, providing a quantitative and unique way of learning Economics. Great course!
This is an excellent course for those looking for a better understanding of how money & liquidity impact the global economy, particularly, how the transfer of risk through derivatives and swap contracts created a systemic risk of which few recognize until the financial crisis of '07-'09. I have a much better understanding of the interconnected nature of today's global financial system and the mechanism by which money and risk are transferred from taking this course.
A brilliant course for those interested in an in depth understanding of how the money markets work. Professor Mehrling is amazing at what he does! You don't need to have an economics background to appreciate the course (and you will be glad if you don't as the course opens your eyes to how inadequate academic economics is in understanding the real world today). Highly recommend. Accompanied by great readings and course material as well.
This was one of the best courses I’ve taken on Coursera, really useful and highly intellectual. Also demanding and challenging to a certain extent with a lot of non obvious questions that require more than simply understanding the lesson. I work for an Investment Bank in FXMM as IT project manager and this course clarified many of the things that I see daily and helped me to figure out the whole picture from the bank point of view.
Gives a nice introduction to the money view. Took this course to get a framework for the prices i see in my bloomberg terminal, and to better understand how central banks actions propogate through the financial system. Perry is a great lecturer and clearly has some enthusiasm for the topic. One thing that would make the course even better would perhaps be a guest lecture from Zoltan Poszar (maybe to describe a practitioners view)
Extremely interesting course built on very practical aspects of money markets. What was really interesting was that while the course is a few years old, in 2020 we can still use the background of the evolution of the money view to understand the actions being taken by central bankers and the government in what seems to be a mix of Central bank's money view and Keynes's view of increasing demand through fiscal means.
Excellent course and concise overview! I highly recommend this course for the novice or advanced novice to the money markets. I walked away with a better understanding of that ocean of detail and theory, and I am now more confident knowing its effect on the capital markets. Most importantly, I know where to focus my time in this area and where to find key data/info given my career role. Thank you again! Best,
Excellent course, Professor Mehrling!  The lectures were insightful and clear.  The course was challenging and the reading material a bit dense  But in the end, I feel that I understand the importance of Professor Mehrling's Money View.  The course is memorable because it built on the evolution of money and banking and wove into that story the inner workings of today's finance and banking system.
My ability to understand the functioning of Central banks and the effects of their actions on global financial markets have improved greatly after the completion of this course. Prof Perry Mehrling was greatly knowledgeable person and was very effective in transferring his in-depth knowledge through this course. I am glad that I have enrolled for this course and completed it successfully.
This is a really good course tackling a very difficult subject. Though my brain still hurts when I engage with the subject matter, I feel the lectures have shone quite a lot of light on the obscurities of money and banking. The lectures are clear and thorough and I particularly like the way the concepts we learn are brought to bear on current news (e.g. examining FT articles).
This course splendidly covered the developments from gold standard to modern day finance and in this way greatly enhanced my understanding of how this machine works. The mandatory readings as well as the material Prof. Mehrling mentioned throughout the course were also extremely helpful in building up knowledge about how derivatives are used in the real world.
I can't stress how good this course was in all areas. His non conventional ways were always interesting and the avenues that he presented are really exciting way beyond comprehension. This course is suitable for those who want to know the basics of economics from a real working world perspective. To be honest, I am going to miss his class.
It was my first time taking a course on coursera. To be honest I am a little scared if I can not understand how to use this platform or app or I can not understand this course. But this application is easy to understand, also Professor Merhling is very good at explaining about the topics presented. I am happy to enroll for this course.
THIS COURSE WAS MORE OF A JOURNEY INTO THE REAL WORLD OF MONEY AND BANKING. I HAD NEVER THOUGHT OR IMAGINED OF LEARNING THIS FIELD JUST USING A BALANCE SHEET. I THINK THIS METHOD OF TEACHING IS SOMETHING I OR MY FRIENDS HAD NEVER WITNESSED BEFORE.I AM REALLY GRATEFUL TO PROFESSOR MEHRLING FOR HIS AMAZING AND AMIABLE TEACHING SKILLS.
Really good, but because English is not my mother tongue I will maybe go trough the course a second time. The second half of the course is more demanding, but nonetheless interesting. To be honest I did not read all the articles by due time, some of them are quite long. This is the best course I finished so far on coursera.
Learned a lot from this course. Contains detailed information on Money and Banking . Best part was when Prof Perry G Mehrling talks at the beginning of the course about relationship between the subject and analysis of Financial Times.Having completed the course, I am able to understand the depth of challenge he threw.
The content and idea provided in the course are simply amazing! The best ever I had on Coursera and I really appreciate all the research effort made by Professor Perry Mehrling. Hope many more people using Coursera could have a look at the innovative ideas explained by Professor Mehrling in money market and finance.
I am very lucky to find this course as my PhD thesis is about "the Banking evolution and bank performance". I looked for relevant literature to understand the phenomenon of Banking evolution and this course is exactly what I needed. Thank you very much! I am the one holding the minority view as well.
A great way to revise a course that I did during  my undergraduate. Especially because I have always found financial economics boring or hard to understand but Mr. Mehrling's lectures and reading materials are great resources to make it a fascinating subject to re-learn and finally understand.
Excellent course, excellent professor, extremely interestig topics, presented in an understandable manner. the only little con might be that the assignments are not appropriate (too easy). This course is a teaser and a perfect starting point for any substantial engagement in modern finance
The most insightful economics class I've ever taken. After completion, I'm gonna join the Young Scholars Initiative of INET in order to further develop "my money view" and, hopefully, one day contribute to this thinking with new ideas. Thank You Professor Mehrling! And thank you Coursera.
Being a central banker, I liked this course a lot - it showed me many new aspects of our role, not just in the area where I am working in (which is Treasury). I also liked many of the suggested readings a lot, especially those on the history and development of monetary policy.
I indeed appreciated this course! Now I can build a general view for both money and capital markets in an evolutionary and in a global perspective. I am able to understand and talk about all the players, their funtions and perspectives in the macroeconomic environment.
Fascinating course that has well-explained in depth information about viewing the financial and economic landscape from the "Money View" and studying the evolution of banks, hierarchy between money and credit, liquidity vs solvency, the survival constraint, and more.
Superb course. I work for an investment bank. I couldn't find single resource to understand broad picture of financial markets until I found this course. I recommend it to everyone, not only people working in finance but everyone who wants to understand modern world.
Thank you professor Mehring for this great course. Understanding Economics under the lens of Money is not very taught. This course gives us a starting framework analyze money impacts on Economics, based on number of years of experience and studies. Thanks so much!
It is a very informative course, dealing with the evolution of bank and the mechanism at which they worked in different phases. I would recommend people to take the course if they are interested in knowing more about finance and economics in money and banking.
This is one the best curses that I ever taken, it is a wonderful oportunitie to understand the money view, and how the monetary system realy works, with  very  preciseness and accuracy lessons, if you take this course, you are going to learn amazing knowledge.
Simply the best. A well constructed course with some excellent reading material. Professor Mehrling was excellent. Thank you Professor, Columbia University and Coursera  for making this wonderful course available to thousands of students all over the world.
Professor Mehrling is outstanding. Such a well structured and cogent explanation of the plumbing and funding markets that too many market commentators do not wholly understand. He has started me down a path of further exploring these concepts. Thank you!
I'm grateful that I had the chance and inspiration to take this course online (even if only the free version of it) because it was one of the most fascinating presentation of original thinking I ever witnessed. Intellectual, convincing and inspiring.
This is very insightful on how banks and dealers are the ones who make the world go round. It also showed me how shadow banking is actually very useful and how the history of using money has developed over time and affects how we use money today.
Probably the best economics course I ever had in my life. Mr Mehrling's take on the economics of banking is vivid, modern, broad and does not leave the finance aspect of it aside, which is too often the case in typical economics courses.
The course lectures and materials are excellent that they explain the real economic situations in clear and simple ways. They help the students to understand the complex real world of economy without difficult quantitative models.
I enjoyed learning Prof. Mehrling's money view. During this class, I am impressed most by the importance of the lender of last resort during crisis and the impact of liquidity constraint has on both shadow banking and dealers.
I really enjoyed getting a real world explanation of the 2008 financial crash but also an insight into how the 21st century banking system works. Would highly recommend, thanks Prof Perry - loved your passion and knowledge!
Amazing experience! I had study finance  and banking all my life during BS, MBA, and management consulting and by far the perspective of Perry Mehrling is truly inspirational.  This course is a must for every professional.
"Economics of Money and Banking" is a comprehensive and well-presented course with detailed study materials. It connects the theoretical aspects of academic literature with practical aspects of the modern banking system.
The teacher is really passionate about teaching and teaches the course with great and simple examples. Also the pop questions in the videos are effective to ensure that you learned the topic. An excellent course overall.
Super intersting and relevant subject, Prof. Mehrling explains the subject matter in a way that is easy to grasp while not losing any depth and I find it quite useful in analyzing current events in the global economy.
Professor is incredibly knowledgeable, class is taught at a good pace, and videos are broken down into an order which makes sense. I really enjoyed my time with this course, despite not having a math background.
Without any doubt, this is the best course I have taken in coursera. Both because of the contents, the approach and the professor. Surprising approach to the economy, and IMHO, one that once taken, is prevalent.
I am working on understanding the Global Financial Crisis. This course helped me understand the banking system as it really is. This course is one of the best courses, if not the best course, I have ever taken.
One of the best course that i had in coursera that made me have a different free in the banking world moving away from finance and economics view, giving me a much fresher and wider perception of the world.
Difficult course for an individual like me with no academic background in Economics. My understanding now of the field and some its major terms has advanced. Utterly an enlightening month full of learning!
An intellectually engaging course opening a debate about how we think about markets and how we should tackle the current challenges. Accessible to non-economists. I warmly recommend it to everyone.
The "Economics of Money and Banking" course provided an inspiring look on the modern international finance system. Definitely, recommending it for both newcomers and already experienced students.
This course is really useful to me ...  I was always interested on monetary and fiscal policies and associate mechanism in Macroeconomics and this course covers the Monetary part in good details.
Extremely helpful is understanding the money view of banking system. One of the best courses. A small suggestion - it can be interspersed with more examples especially from the emerging markets.
This was an excellent course. I really enjoyed the way it was delivered and the was the Prof explained the concept.  He is extremely knowledgeable and communicates very well.
Prof. Mehrling's ability to explain such complex items is just amazing. His passion in teaching as well as his neutrality are really thrilling. Thank you very much Professor.
This course is something priceless. Best course about money and banking in internet. The tutor was great.  There is not a word to discribe the perfectness of this course.
Very helpful course. Professor is very knowledgable in the field and way of teaching is easy to follow. Help to understand the modern money system and capital market.
This course is definitely not for everybody; then the insights are crucial to understand the current economic and financial situation amid the COVID 19 induced crisis
Probably the best course I've ever taken! The money view approach is very unique in itself. Professor Mehrling's old school way of teaching is very refreshing indeed!
Best course if you want to study about the mechanism of banking system and flow of money from the top.And the prof is one of the best prof from whom i have studied
Great presentation of Money and Banking.Perry's introduction of a complex systems are very well delivered in simple peaces that all come together at the end.
It's a good quality course with a great lecturer. The feedback in the test is not helpful though. Feedback such as "Nope" for a wrong answer is not helpful.
Very relevant considering the enormous impact the FED and other central banks are having by infusing unprecedented amount of liquidity into their economies.
As far as I have come, the course is depth driven having real life applications than most of the other courses I have come across and completed. Thank you.
Truly inspirational and Prof. Mehrling is unquestionably one of the brightest minds of this generation. He teaches in a very vivid and comprehensible way.
I loved the structure and the content of this course. I cannot thank Professor Perry enough for posting his lectures online for all to see and learn.
The course teaches systematically, links up money markets and capital markets and at the end opens a new way of thinking about economics and finance.
Great course, substantial breadth. Explains many details usually left out in standard International Finance/Money courses. Thank you Profr. Mehrling
I was impressed by the manner of professor to tell this money story! It was really fascinating to view complicated money schemes as an amazing quest
This course blew my mind. Our professor was interesting, lessons well planned and content important. I now read the Financial Times daily. Thank you
Excellent course, new and insightful approach on the subject matter. Highly relevant for modern day finance and economics and the challenges ahead.
Prof. Perry Mehrling has presented the course with linkage of traditional and shadow banking and loved taking his classes. Thank you Coursera :)
A mind-blowing course that helps you build an intuition about the nature and the current state of money (and to some extent capital) markets.
Quite exhaustive course covering details about banking and finance. Amazing Professor, good content. The focus on current events is good too.
Really amazing in terms of views and knowledge to be acquired.I would highly recommend the course to anyone looking to expand in the domain.
A different way to look at today's Financial World. The material is well structured and easy to understand. Thank you Professor Mehrling.
Excellent course with very enlightening explanaitions of how the modern financial system works thorugh the lenses of monetary economics.
Very interesting and unusual course on banking system held by a good professor who is also inspired by the history of economic thought.
The basics were well taught and understandable in 1 time view of video and the standards of the university are great! Thanks coursera!
Excellent course by Professor Perry G Mehrliing. Learned a lot on money and banking. I can read FT now.Thanks to Columbia University.
Amazing insights into the evolution and working of money markets.Last chapters tying to economic theory could have been more detailed
Professor Mehrling will make you connect the dots. Masterfully conceived and delivered. Many thanks and much appreciation Professor.
Enlightening stuff and really well presented! The second half was occasionally hard to follow without without economics background.
Fantastic work by Dr. Mehrling, this course should be a priority for anyone looking to develop a profound macro view of the world.
Incredible teacher. A lot of useful information that provides you with an eagle view of monetary and financial markets as a whole.
Very progressive, interesting, maybe too complex for my goals in the last weeks. Highly recommended to understand today's world.
Mind Blowing approach to teach. Got the new angles of the economy and banking. Expanded the vision significantly on the subject.
Really interesting. Sometimes a bit difficult to follow and vague, but yes, certainly a pleasant and worthwhile experience.
Probably the most amazing course I have ever taken in economics and finance. I would definitely recommend to every student!
An amazing course that show the light on many  economic monetary  polices and banking and many more overall very usefull
One of the best courses I have followed!I am expecting an update on the course. Thank you for this wonderful experience.
Amazing course. Thanks Coursera and teacher for this fantastic classes. I´m Brazilian and enjoy this opportunity a lot.
Teacher is really great and the content is amazing. really opened my eyes to the economy from a financial perspective
This is an excellent course and very helpful for anyone who wishes to learn about the 21st century financial system.
he content of the course is very complete and rigorous and the teacher is excellent. Very good additional resources.
Excellent professor and intersting topic. the reading material is unique and expands on the material in the course
Interesting and challenging course! Highly recommended for all despite having various background of education. :)
The course extremely helpful for people who are interested making their career in Banking.I like this course.
Builds from initial concepts and history to explain how money and finance work at a global level today.
Well explained, I like the "balance sheet"  approach to explaining various topics covered in the course
So far just extremely insightful, inspiring and life-changing. Plus well-organized and well-explained.
This course gives a very broad framework of banking with a clear explanation of how the system works.
The best course I've ever had. When will Prof. Mehrling's History of Economic Thought be broadcasted?
Best money and banking course ever from someone working in the industry for years after granudation
Excellent course! Highly recommended for anyone interested in understanding the financial crisis.
Amazing course to learn more about the nitty gritty of money markets that keep the world running!
This is one of the most favourite course I have ever come across in Coursera. Highly recommend!!!
This course is really useful and help me know more about the relationship between Money and Banks
Great course !! Very interesting and the teacher is great. The understanding is quick and simple.
Amazing Course on finance! It should be available to all graduate student in all disciplines!
Very good course and excellent teacher! You can see his passion for the subjects he teaches.
Exceptional. Really fascinating course for a regular person to understand money and banking.
This is a very good course, with a whole perspective about how the banking system works.
It is an eye opener for me essentially as regards how banking system works in our world
A staple for those that want to understand the current mechanics of money and banking
Such great and complete course. Professor extremely professional and knowledgeable.
Fantastic course and Professor Mehrling is an incredible mentor with great insights
I enjoyed learning from this course. The lecturer is truly an expert in his field,
Excellent course providing in-depth understanding of modern finances and banking.
awesome professor interesting lectures thank you columbia university and coursera
AS an economist working in external statistics at the national bank of Belgium
One of the most interesting and fascinating courses I've watched on Coursera!
The Course was very useful and it was interesting learned lot of new things.
Thank you so much, professor Mehrling. It was such an very interest course!
A very interesting course ! A little bit difficult but very interesting !
it suppose a true challenge for everybody who wants learn about banking
great teacher great understanding , but do you have courses on spanish?
Unbelievable course, one of the most enlightning! Thank you very much!
The best course on my entire Coursera experience. Really recommend it.
Fantastic, it is rare to found a course as profound as this in a MOOC
Great course! Essential for anyone working in finance and economics.
This Course is Robust yet Precise. Quality Lectures in simple terms
very clear, I just open my eyes to see how global economics works.
Great course, i really like how he started each class with the FT.
Outstanding course with an extraordinary discussions & lectures
Very good!  Exceptional in its explanation of the modern bankin
Thank you Professor Mehrling for making this course available.
The teacher is very good and knows what he is talking about :)
Excellent lecturer! Very informative and easy to understand.
the course was long and slightly hard but i learned a lot .
Thank you for the course. it was an incredible experience.
very excellent studying material and an impressive faculty
Excellent. Crucial to understand the way the world moves.
Good lectures ensuring understanding of concepts easily.
It worth time spent watching it, learning and studying.
this is very well informative and well presented course
Very intellectual and stimulating course , thank you !
Probably the most interesting course I've ever taken!
Wonderful & insightful take as to how the world works
I got a better structure to think about money market.
Great lecturer who makes the course so interesting
Awesome, one of the best classes I have taken!!!
The Best Course to Understand Money and Banking
Great course with great Information & materials
Excelent course and the professor is the best.
It really gives you some deep facts of money.
Exactly as a MOOC should be! Great Professor
One of the best course I had till now. BEST!
High level of finance and banking learning.
Great material ... unlike any other course.
BEST COURSE IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND BANKING
This was the best class I had at Coursera!
Extraordinary course! Really insightful.
Brilliant, a constant source to think!
A good class to know about the subject
Outstanding presentation all around !
Good MOOC with distinguished lecturer
Great course! Helped me learn a lot.
THE COURSE WAS GREAT AND AWESOME !!!
Amazing professor and amazing class!
Great course with a lot of insights!
Real course, learned a lot from Prof
Excellent material and instructor.
A very clear introduction to money
this course is career development
make it more of a practical view
Very good course and professor!
Great teacher and great class !
Very thorough and great course!
Best professor and course ever
That is a great classes :))))
Completely change my view!!
very well designed course.
great course and professor
Very thought-provoking!
Extremely interesting!
very well structured.
Very Good Materials
really very good !
so much to learn
