Very short course that is even shorter considering the fact that 90% of it is basically pure water. Even a beginer could hardly find any useful info here, but will probably be stopped by submition tasks which ask you to record you own music, which is kinda odd considering that this is the first recomended course in specialisation that does not require any background knowledge.
Didn't learn anything.
You don't compare a music genius like Miles David with some commercial bs. I just realized this course is not for me after that.
I appreciate the high-level discussion of artistry as an introduction to the Music Production specialization, but I found that the assignments assumed that I would have pieces that I wanted to compose and develop, and this isn't the case for me. I came to this specialization to learn how to use this technology so that I can assist students in developing their own skills, not necessarily to develop my own artistry. Moreover, to the degree that I am a composer I write mostly in a "classical" style so a lot of the discussion of form, overdubbing, etc. didn't really apply to my style.
Honestly I didn't like at all, I think they put more effort on the look and production of the videos than the script, or the syllabus. I always like the Berkeley courses, but this one doesn't have the quality of other courses.
It is good learning experience .
the course seemed to be more geared to artists/composers than  technicians wishing to  expand or futher their skill set
Very good course.  A class Zoom meeting with the instructor at the start would be helpful to address the constant changes occurring in music technology like the free Bandlab Cakewalk DAW.   Students build on an original composition during each of the four weeks.   Unlike  a music business course, production really needs as much two-way feedback as possible when you are in the learning stages, and it's only provided by other students rather than by the instructor or a production pro.    A recommended viewing of George Martin - In My Life (1998) [VHS] available on Utube in the beginning would do wonders for understanding the role of a producer.  Taking a songwriting and mixing class beforehand is also recommended  so that you can focus on learning producing rather than wearing the  hats of songwriter,  musician and recording engineer while trying to learn producing.  Overall, a class worth taking as long as the mentioned preparation is done.
I found the course not so useful for me. There are a lot of little tips of everything about production but nothing too serious. But some things I found interesting, like writing the emotions, vision and intention of the project. Also some tips can scape from your mind sometimes, so it was great to have them writen down. Maybe for people that really doesn't know anything about music production it can be very useful because I'm a sound engineer student so most of the things I've already learned from working with music producers on previews projects. But for me it wasn't satisfying.
Too short, interesting but far too short
pretty cool course
Excellent course for opening up your mind and channeling your focus on your music and what you are trying to accomplish. The course is not very technical, but Stephen does an excellent, excellent job of communicating the important parts of music production -- the approach you must take to producing songs. I will watch these videos again later as I progress as a music producer to keep me grounded and focused on what I want to accomplish musically.
Lectures are excellent but the peer review process doesn't really work.A lot of students created assignments like they hadn't read the course material and didn't know how to answer simple questions. Some reviews were one word responses or at best they didn't take the time to really put in the time to give supportive feedback.I understand you have a lot of people taking this course but some assignment quality control is needed here! Thanks
This is a great introductory level course to give an overview of the basics of music production. It's a little more focused on songwriting than I had expected, but there is a good amount of technical information as well. You won't come out of this course as the next Steve Albini, but you'll definitely have a great starting point to build from.
Excellent for all, beginner or pro, one should try this course. Always thought I knew more than the basics but this course changed my mind. The ABCs of concept and foundation of music which this course offers is something that most people haven not thought about. Totally changed the way I took music as till now.
Really good course!  just make sure if you are not a musician and only interested in music production for other artists that you have your artists on stand by for the course because you will need them to show up for you to record at least 3 times during the time of the course.
Great course! I learned a lot about recording and production, and the emotional planning of projects. I didn't experience much peer review or sense of community. That was the only thing lacking. Everything else was very helpful.
Very good course which makes you think about music as a way to convey emotions and thoughts, not just notes and harmonics. Would recommend it a lot for people who have some experience at creating music.
Definitely stretched me to think of myself as an artist rather than just a musician. This course is a great starting point for someone who wants to get into the nitty gritty of the creative process!
Very good introductory course for those looking to get started creating their own music, who don't have a lot of experience doing os, or who could use a few tips to enhance what they already do.
It´s a very good training for a beginner in this matter. The tips and orientations are very interesting and very helpul. The teacher Stephen Webber explains clearly and in a friendly way.
I learned a lot of things from the lectures, assignments and the feedbacks from classmates. I hope our works can be read by the lecturer or the real tutors someday.
Very informative and engaging. Stephen's attitude makes you want to go and make recordings right away, it's a pity you can't take quizzes without paying though.
Really helped me understand the very subtle details that a producer should start observing while on the job or outside of it. Very Insightful and interesting.
Very useful! I wish I had done it before! It's also very enriching to have feedback from other people who are into music, some really good advices there!
It would have been so much better if the content of week 4 were given to us at the very beginning. Other than that i am happy with the course :)
Even though not very technical ,I was given the foundation for production and recording which was really necessary. Thank You!!
It is a cool course to get basic knowledge about the art of music production, tho it doesn't get into great details.
it was a great course i 've learned how music structured and songs and give me lt general understanding of songs .
Very informative. Good tutorials and instruction. It was helpful to refine skills and learn new ones.
Good but very elementary. Good source of foundation though. Worth it but can speed through it.
This course will improve you as a producer and give you tools and knowledge about it.
Overall a good course! I expected a little more in-depth theory or techniques though.
This course gives great insight on how to approach song writing and music production!
learned some important fundamentals. This course is definitely for beginners
Very informative. Helped in understanding various minor aspects
Its a good course for a beginner
Very interesting to begin with.
Quick but inspiring enough.
Good fundamental learning.
Nice intro to production.
very inspirational
i live in yemen and there is a war going on right know i was really mad at life and i had a big motivation to make music i realized after i started this course that really my problem is that i was listening technicallythat i started to hate music .. i couldn't even enjoy the music i used to lovei just started the first course but let me tell you after i just watchthe first three videos(listening like a producer)it really helped me alot thank you so much
I found this course in the suggestions list after taking Introduction to Music Production with Loudon Stearns. I audited it, so I couldn't/didn't do the assignments but I found it really interesting so I binge-watched the lectures in the space of a day. The way the course is set up as compared to Intro to Music Prod. it is a lot less detailed technical instruction and more of a broad look at the artistic/aesthetic/philosophical components of various aspects of music production. And since Loudon touches upon this in the other course, I would say the two courses nicely complement each other and are both worth watching all the way through. I think they could be taken in any order, but personally, even though Intro is more technical, I think I got more out of this one having already taken Intro. Even as someone who considers myself pretty good as far as lyrics/songwriting/composition, I still got something new and useful out of those parts and liked the way the instructor put these "creative" parameters in concrete terms. The way he talked about and clarified Vision, Identity, and Intention I personally found very empowering, interesting, and practically useful. I feel like some of these ideas had been floating around in my mind before, but it validated that they were valuable things to be thinking about. There are a couple specific things that popped up in the course that are really cool and useful: for example, the rule of threes, and the information on panning, delay, mixing, etc. Very glad I found it! I hope these keep being offered for free because I find them more efficient for learning than some YouTube videos, and at some point I would consider doing one not just audited but "for real."
Do not let this short 4 week class fool you, there is a lot great info. The class is short because Stephen Webber gets to the point and gets the important information out there, no nonsense. This class gets you writing and recording, that is the focus. If you are interested in music production, this class will get your feet off the ground quick!
Exceptional and essential guide for music producers. This course really makes you think of music production from a holistic perspective. I'll never listen to music the same superficial way anymore...
Really enjoyed this and got a lot out of it. Great curriculum, great delivery. Meaningful assignments, great community.  Highly recommend if you want to reflect on and hone your artistic vision.
After decades dabbling in bedroom recording, this course's crucial lesson for me was the need for artistic focus, i.e. a clear identity as an artist and a vision for my work. The homework did at least a couple of great things for me. First, it disciplined me to actually finish writing a song! The First Commandment for aspiring writers is, "Write every day!" Now I see why. Striving for creativity even when inspiration was ebbing was a revelation. Having a completed song is icing.Second, the homework not only gave me a new perspective on music and art, it gave me a new perspective on myself and my music. In trying to determine my artistic identity and vision, I was struck by how little I knew myself as an artist. My influences didn't show up in the homework the way I expected, and I actually sound more like some artists I don't listen to. Disconcerting but really good to know!I also enjoyed classmates' music, goals, influences, and perspectives. While grading classmates' work I'd listen to their influences, which exposed me to artists I'd never have even heard of otherwise. Even cooler was enjoying a classmate's music that was unlike anything I'd heard before.  Finally, Stephen Webber is a fantastic, engaging instructor. His enthusiasm was contagious.
For better
or worse, I’m a self-taught recording artist (lookup “Don Manolo Frutorama” in
Spotify if you’re into lo-fi psychedelic grooves) and I can attest that the
lessons given in this course are truly valuable and empirically verifiable. On
top of that, Stephen Webber is a super likeable guy who explains complex themes
like reverberation, sound proofing or microphone types in a pretty
straight-forward manner without ever being condescending. I especially liked
his use of this famous quote attributed to Orson Welles: “The enemy of art is
the absence of limitations.” and his advice on avoiding the pitfalls of digital
audio. I also found very valuable the lessons about Identity, Vision and Intention and The
Rule of Threes. If you’re new to the world of music production or just someone
who wants to fill some knowledge gaps as in my case, you won’t regret taking up
this excellent course! Cheers from Madrid! Don Manolo
I knew the basic concepts about Music Production, but I didn't expect to get a great understanding of it in depth. Thank You, Stephen, for such a qualitative workshop that was definitely worth my time!!!
helped me a lot to find what type of music I am into and what I should make, in saying that, it also helped me understand a lot of important and key features when it comes to music production!
There is a major difference in my musical education and a lack of skilled and crafted information which berkley provides in a nutshell. The description instructs and programs us to think link music producers instead of  fans. Everything  though about create a song a beat went out the window when mastering phase came into play. I spent several years hopping and begging producers to teach and I did pick here and there well enough to create my own radio ready music. I did feel there was something missing in my path on this musical journey. I have heard about berkeley for years but it was now it dawned on me I give this class 5 stars two thumbs two big toes up and all my other fingers as long as I ain't needed on them piano keys.
I am Brazilian and, at the age of 31, the dream of be graduated at Berklee was already slept. However, our dear internet could make it possible bringing Coursera and Berklee world wide. I couldn't be more satisfied. I learned how really works the art of music production as the tools to accomplish the tasks given were gradually revealed. Now I know how a music producer may think to achieve an high level of good listener's responses to the song as well how to experiment and work on the skills to really make a diference. Thanks Berklee for the magnificent course, and thanks Coursera for make it possible.
I took this course to learn the processes involved in Music Production. It was exactly as I had expected. A step-by-step guide to producing good music with or without lyrics in 4-weeks. Such a beautiful compact course. By the end of the course, I managed to write a full song in Verse-Chorus-Bridge form. I did the recordings and assignments using a cellphone, guitar and my voice, but people with better equipment will probably do more with the concepts and things taught in the course. Thank you for this course. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
I'm a singer/songwriter who's fairly new to music production, my goal is to be able to self-produce. I know my way around GarageBand enough to put something together, but I don't really know what I'm doing or how to make it sound good. This course is a great starting point and I'm excited to take the next one which seems more in depth. This course is also great for artists, it forces you to sit down and think about your vision and your intentions, and guides you through putting it into words. Overall I found it very helpful.
Going into this course, I knew how to use which effects and what knobs to turn. If that's what you're trying to learn, this course doesn't focus so much on that. Instead, it focuses on WHY the music was made, WHAT you're trying to accomplish with it, and shows ways of achieving that goal while improving efficiency. I now look at what I'm trying to accomplish first instead of finding it somewhere along the way (after who knows how many wasted hours turning knobs and pressing buttons). I'd highly recommend taking this course.
Excellent course, but not for a total beginners.This is a great course if you've already made your first steps in music production. If you're a total beginner who don't have so much experience with music theory and music production at all, I think this could be too difficult for you. But if you've already produced something or you at least know how to do something with sense, this course will be a great journey where you can learn a lot simple but awesome things you may not noticed before. Completely recommending it.
This class was fantastic! I've been a full-time singer/songwriter for 10+ years. I've done a lot of recording, but I've never been the one pushing the buttons and thinking about all the technical, organizational stuff. This class was a way for me to test if I actually wanted to get into that part of the creative process and it turns out, I LOVE IT! If you are looking for a way to understand the basics of production while creating clear intentions around what you are trying to create, you will love this course.
This course offers an excellent introduction to methods that can be used to focus the creative process, with intention and purpose. It forced me to think about exactly what it is I wish to achieve with the music I make, how I want it to sound, and to what end, and also gave some basic information on how to achieve certain aesthetics in a recording. It is a well-structured course that encourages engagement with other participants, and exposes you to the ideas of other creative people around the globe.
My sincere Thanks to Stephen Webber for being such a great Mentor. His examples in the lesson are so much practical & relatable. This course helped me Re-define my Identity Vision & Intention as an Artist and as a Producer. The Tools and Strategies taught by Stephen and the approach towards them helped me strengthen my Production Skills. I think Learning will always help you acquire New Skills and Knowledge will always help you overcome your Limitations & Obstacles.
This course definitely helped me learn how to evaluate other people's music, as well as my own. I learned some life lasting techniques, such as the rule of threes, prosody, and sonic signature (and more!) I am leaving this course feeling inspired to add more emotion into my music, as well as simplifying the sound. I loved being able to do full evaluations on student progress, as well as receiving feedback in criticism and praise on my own. Awesome course!
A very important course for those who are thinking to become professionals in the music production field. This course helped me to understand what I hear better, to not only listen to music but to be able to analyse it as well as a professional as a listener. For me, this course was the great starting point to my journey in getting the specialization of music production and this course convinced me that I have chosen the right path for my career.
An extremely enjoyable and accessible course to get started in music production, or to understand music production from a performer and songwriter's point of view. Easy to understand, yet introducing enough technical points to elevate the quality of recordings. The course is presented in a very friendly and genuine way, and alongside the technical knowledge there is a good amount of soul-searching to home artistic/producer identity. No special equipment is needed for the course, and in fact the material is likely to support better equipment buying decisions, so don't go shopping before Week 4. Very inspiring and highly recommended for anyone interested in finding out more about music production.
this is such an amazing experience and honor  to be a part of this course .  everyaspect of this course was very interesting and the structure of the entire class the way its set up is so great being able to connect with other students and sharing ideas and getting feed back , makes even more better. i love this course and want to thank the educators and the ones behind the scenes who mad this all possible . this was a great course i loved it!
Well very designed introduction class that covers all the basic of being a singer/musician/producer. It covers all the key concepts on the art of music, what type of singer one can be, the Rules of Three, song structure, basic concepts of manipulating recorded sounds. The only part I don't understand is the unusual length it spends explaining about the different microphones. (Maybe it will becomes very important in the future).
This course extremely potent in the sense I felt like I learned what I needed to know, was given a clear way to apply the concepts, and gain a grasp of getting my feet wet on my music production journey in an extremely short amount of time.  I would recommend this to ANY creative whether you are a performance artist, create social media content, etc - as producing original sound allows unlimited possibilities with your art.
Absolutely loved it. As someone who is quite technically minded when it comes to music production, it was refreshing to see it from an artistic point of view, and to think about the essence of what a music recording all boils down to - capturing and conveying emotion/feeling. The emphasis on staying true to an artistic vision and intention is fantastic. I would recommend this to musicians and producers of any genre.
I enrolled in this specialization to get an introduction to pro tools.  I was surprised at how fast the first course went in terms of getting my feet wet!  I was composing and recording my own music in week 2.  This challenging and exciting course that has me eager to continue and to put together my studio.  Exactly the inspiration I needed!  The teacher Dr. Weber is very down to earth, encouraging and inspiring.
Even not digging very deep in the subject (just because the subjects, like many others requires a life long commitment which can't be done in just 4 weeks) however I really enjoyed the course, Stephen is a great teacher and every single aspect has been very clearly exposed. I have also enjoyed interacting with my peers by grading each other works and giving and receiving feedbacks.Definitely 5 Stars!!!
I loved this course! Lesson by lesson I got to learn more ways to be able to convey an emotion through an Identity, Vision and Intention in a song as an artist and producer, and think about how new tools affect, interact and enhance that IVI. The peer graded assignments weekly also helped me recieve feedback and understand how peers were perceiving the song. Thank you very much for this course!
I feel so lucky to have stumbled upon this course. I really appreciate how he continually roots us back down into WHY we are creating, and the bigger picture vision for each project or song. His passion for the subject matter and excellent communication made things click for me in a way they never have, and I am getting my project in motion. Super grateful!
Excellent teachings about the artistic perspective of music production. I think those who feel that music production is mostly techniques and softwares should definitely take this course to get in touch with their artistic side! This course really taught me greats tools and strategies to keep my intentions clear and focused while working on any project.
This is a great course for Music Enthusiasts and those who are trying to make a career or even "thinking" of a career in Music Production.The best part of this course is that it is not overwhelming and too demanding. It sets a good tone by giving an introduction and just enough understanding about what goes into the Art and Trade of Music Production.
The Course really brings out the basics of Music Production, mainly the Identity, Vision and Intent one has to define when one's pursuing such activities. The lessons and exercises are simple and complete, and in the end they enable you to cohesively index the  artistic attributes and requirements that a Musical Production requires. Really recommend!
I loved the course. Grateful to stephen for wonderful instruction on art of music production. Learnt a lot and created my first song and started working on it. Hope it gets better as I proceed further in specialization. Thank you Berklee and Coursera. Thank you very much for bringing these courses on affordable rate across the world.
This is the most music education that is not just practical but also inspiring, realistic and industry changes focus so that we student don't stay in the past but learning to progress for the future as the world is changing. Thank you, Berklee College Of Music and Coursera for such a wonderful and life changing eduction!
You learn a lot from this course if you take the time to put in effort! It is very user friendly and has a lot of useful information that is provided to you! Thanks Stephen Webber and Berklee College of Music! MY DREAM COLLEGE, when I say im going to do something, I do it, and I plan on going to Berklee College of Music!
Thank you so much, this helped me to organize my ideas and artistic goals.Even if you already know this by experience and practice, having someone professional in the area pointing this matter, helps you up to take care of what you were doing by instinct. I really enjoy it so much even though I had problems with timing.
Hello,This course is one of the best for those who want to start music production. As Berklee institution is teaching it has been more exciting course. I enjoyed learning and submitting assignment. As a student I had opportunity to review my peers which helped me to enhance myself. I am happy with this course
This course is mostly about self-reflection, which is important, wether you are a beginner, or a professional. In addition it contains some practical technical advice for beginners.The best thing about this course are the peer-graded assignments, and the way students are encouraged to discuss with each other.
For learning fundamentals of how music effects people, does not go into music theory or teaching DAWs or instruments but teaches some necessary human factors. Would definitely help you think and figure out how you want to structure your music (for the genre, ambiance, lyrics, sound texture and so on)
i recommend this course for all music artist and producer. This is the platform you can get to know a code called IVI, your Identity, Vision and Intention, without these three things, the art of your music production is incomplete. Enroll today and get started, MR STEPHEN WEBBER  is waiting for you.
This class was incredible! I learned SO much in 4 weeks! I got a 98% in the class and I have to say, I have ZERO experience producing music and this class taught me to basically produce my first song! I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS CLASS AND LOOKING FORWARD TO TAKING THE NEXT ONE IN THIS SPECIALIZATION!!!
This course was the perfect blend of basics and details. Stephen's videos are packed with valuable information yet presented in a way that is easy to understand. This course helped me take that first step in producing a song with structure and intent. Comfortable and good flow. Solid choice.
Absolutely fantastic course! Gives a lot of insight into how it is to be a musician and/or producer while helping you define yourself, your style and develop new techniques that can be used when recording, creating and playing music. Recommended for anyone who has an interest in music!
A fantastic and thought provoking set of resources and a really interesting course that has made me consider my place as an artist and producer and focus on giving my music an identity. I'd thorougly recommend this course to anyone interested in developing themselves as a musician
Excellent course. The techniques and advice Stephen taught were instrumental in advancing my creativity in music production. As a result of this course, I have more confidence in my ability and have added to my knowledge base. Thank you Stephen! You are a great instructor.
This is a brilliant course for anyone looking to inject some emotion into their music, either as a producer, performer or musician. Steve explains musical concepts in an easy to understand language and gives relatable examples that can be applied. I'd highly recommend it!
The instructor is a master of his own work and definitely knows how to convey his message to the student. Watching the lectures helped get engaged in the conversation and also with every new lecture I learned something new about how can I be creative with music writing.
Great course!  Thanks a lot to Stephen Webber, Berklee and Cousera. I learned a ton of things. The explanations were really clear and it's a pleasure to learn from Mr Webber. Highly recommended if you're starting to get intereseted in music production and recording.
Wonderful course. It really took me out of my comfort zone (not in a bad way) and got me to do things and learn things I wouldn't have. It also exposed me to ideas I hadn't really thought of but now they're in my tool chest. I'm really grateful for this course.
Excellent introductory course.  Stephen Webber provides specific information about creating and recording music.   He includes real-world examples.  He talks about Art, Technology, and communicating emotion.  His videos are entertaining as well as informative.
I really loved that Mr. Webber is so on point. He takes a short and direct approach on the contents. I'm not much of a newbie in the subject but I've learned immensely throughout this course. Very well done. Thank you to everyone who've made this possible.
Great lesson! The videos were easy to understand and well - structured .  With the assignments, you had to define your identity as an artist and understand who you are more objectively, define your goals and artistic projects. I definitely recommend it.
Great course and great teacher. Great overview of how to produce some modern records. Also, Stephen has this jovial personality when teaching which makes it easy to absorb and stay inspired. Thanks for opening up this course and sharing the knowledge!
I expected more technical course but I'm really happy that it has focused on the Mindset and important principles around music production. Moreover it covers not only the production but also composing, strategy and Artists mentoring. Amazing course !
The course took an in-depth review of the art of music. It was paced well and was not overwhelming. The instructions given were clear and the information shared was concise and flowed smoothly. Attention to detail was clearly a goal for this course.
I can establish a lot of essential concepts about the music production. His saying that 'Think about conveying the emotion' could be the great asset for me to make music. I strongly recommend this lecture for beginning career as an music artist.
Great course. It gave a lot of practical information as well as engaged me to think about myself as a musician. It looked at the music production process from a different angle and that was helpful to get me re-engaged in making music again.
Awesome I loved that it was hands on and peer review the feed back was great all the videos were great!! He 10000% knew what he was talking about and able to speak in a way EVERYONE could understand I may look into more courses he teaches!!
This was a great course and I recommend it to everyone. It was very enjoyable and the assignments pushed me every week to improve the way I listen and make recordings. I'm looking forward to continuing making songs from what I've learned.
An amazing course that brings us a lot on music production. Professor Stephen Webber is clear on the content, presenting about analysis of songs, studio and live performance, ambience on music, types of microphone... Recommended!
A very organized course, the content was great and the people who reviewed the work were very kind too. The discussion prompts were interesting and engaging. I learned a lot and definitely recommend it to learners of all levels.
I'm glad to be a part of amazing community that worked together in this course! The useful content taught by Stephen Webber helped me to improve my production skills and lit the light to future projects.Thanks for knowledges!
Excelente content. Helped me not only to understand new technical skills, but also to understand myself as artist/producer. So now I can use the right skills to convey the emotions properly trough music. Thank you very much!
Great, great course, I wish I had had this course ten years ago. Not very technical, but aiming to shape the good practices for making good music ! Stephen Webber is really a great teacher, giving a lot in just a few weeks.
I really enjoyed this course. I like Steven as an instructor. This is the first Coursera course I have taken and if this is an indication on the quality of the rest of the Berklee Online courses, then I am a huge fan.
This was a fantastic course. Whether you're new to music or have been doing it for some time, I bet there is something in here for you. Even if you're not a musician, this course is truly about music as an artform.
The course did a nice job in the time available in conveying the basics of how to listen to music in a different way and how to begin to produce music in a way that uses the technology to convey a desired emotion.
Great introduction to the subject. The peer graded assignments are really helpful for learning and growing as a producer. I recommend taking this course along with a DAW course if you haven't yet mastered a DAW.
The course was very valuable to me, providing a lot of information about the aspects that have to do with the emotionality when come producing music. it also covered some technical aspects. Highly recommended
So far so good.. I would like to know why when I'm writing my feedback I'm not able to space my wording? Not happy that is has made it complicated to express my comments. Please advise how this can be fixed!
This course is great!! But only if you're feeling good with hard work on your own music and you're ready for understand your limitations and go beyond them. Thanks to Mr. Stephen Webber for great lectures.
Fantastic course. Kept me motivated from day 0. It reaches a wide spectrum of things a DIY musician should know.The peer to peer activities are wonderful and I've learned a lot with my peers.Thanks a lot!
I am not able to find a link to look at the reviews of my work. Where are they located. And where am I going to find the answer to this question. Perhaps send me an emailhschniewind@earthlink.netThank you
I just love how this course opened my eyes and ears to Music production basics. Been searching the internet especially YouTube but here lies the answers. And its enjoyable. All the material is relevant.
This course is absolutely amazing. It's incredible what you can learn when you put your mind to it and it's really great having input from other people such as your peers. I would do it all over again.
I really enjoyed this course. I learned how to create my very first music song all on my own using an interface. I am independent and ready to make lots more music in my home on my own time by myself.
I really enjoyed learning about music production also discovered how fun it is to create from the heart!I will most surely be taking more from this class, in the next coming weeks!Thanks so Much !
This course was absolutely fantastic! I really love how well organized and thought out all of the lectures and assignments were. This has really helped encourage me to continue pursuing music =)
Brilliantly brought by Stephen Webber, this course does it's best - developes you as a musician and as a producer. Music serves to convey emotions, this course serves to convey music in you.
In this section I've learned a great deal about music as art form. I can now appreciate music much better and challenge myself while listening to a song or watching a singer or performance.
Excellent! Congratulations to Coursera and Berklee for bringing us these practical tips that surpassed my expectations really worth it and I will share with everyone this great content.
A good course, though introductory and basic. It gives you great insights into the process of composition, production and post-production, and also give you some really helpful tools.
I'm really enjoyed The Art of Music Production Course and got lot of basic knowledge about Music Production terminology. I'm Highly recommend this essential guide for music producers
Such an exciting course. If you struggle with finding more about yourself as an artist , I highly recommend taking this course. Stephen is articulate, engaging and knows his stuff.
The course won't go deep into any subject, but it's a *great* intro.  The teacher is just SO great, he keeps making you want to come back for the next lesson over and over again!
It's amazing to read Music Production and then finally listen to a professor talk about what real music production is. Tons of useful concepts and resources. I LOVE this course!
Extremely inspiring and empowering course.  I loved the layout and assignment structure, and the instructor is very knowledgable and articulate.  I wish I could take it again.
The course is really very informative.  It is a long story course summarized.  It really helped in guiding me to discover my musical identity and a good guide on production.
Excellent intro into the music  production. Being a musician all my life, this course put me in perspective about the things I already knew and new ways of thinking of them.
A very useful course to start off with Music Production. Professor Stephen made it very easy to understand and very easy to navigate around the basics of music production.
Great opportunity to develop and practice an understanding of yourself as an artist, and use this understanding as a limitation for your music. Great introductory class
good overview of the "forest" of music production. Mr. Webber is an excellent instructor, I was able to see an immediate improvement in my art by following his lessons.
I have just started this! Judging from my past experiences doing courses from Berklee, this looks as good as the previous ones! I love Stephen Webber's teaching style.
Why 5 stars, Because I believe that,this course will give me some points that I would like to do somethings with my heart. Thanks everyone who worked on this course.
For those that want to stop being idle and start producing, this is the PERFECT start. Really, this is the ultimate goal of this course: to make us start recording.
This is a great introductory course for already-musicians who want a refresher on songwriting basics and tips, and a gentle first push into the production world.
You really get to learn a lot of useful things in this course! I really gives you a sense of what you wanna do with your creations and who you are as a musician.
Great course for an overhead view of music production. Helped me think about music differently and really helped to hammer on being intentional with your music.
This was an amazing class. I loved the instructor. I enjoyed all the deliverables of the assignments. I think this whole class will make me better at my music.
A wonderful course that helps you enlarge your perspective and organize thoughts about how to produce artists and songs. Thank you for sharing such knowledge!
I learned a lot. Very useful information about being a producer, defining the sound signature of an artist and crafting a song. I do recommend this course.
Excellent course. Great structure and thinking. Even if you know the tools of production it will help you to focus on your desired outcome for each track.
A good introduction to the non-technical aspects of music production - aimed at helping the artist make sense of their unique voice, and sonic signature.
Learned so much ! Easy to comprehend and I was able to apply what I learned. It has helped me a lot in my approach to songwriting and music production.
Great experience! I have searched answers on this questions in years! And it was so great to find the answers so complete in this course! Great course!
AMAZING course.  I learned so much valuable information that I have used consistently since learning and will continue to use for the rest of my life.
Excellent! This course gave me the basis for thinking differently about music production. New directions, new features, new results. Highly recommend!
Very good and the instructor is great and seems to know a lot about production! I learn easily and took the classes nonstop just because was so fun!
I really enjoy this course, just I would like if more people review our assignments, but you can learn the principles of the music production here.
Very helpful in learning the high level ideas and concepts of music production. As a beginner with basic musicianship this is what I need. Thanks!
I loved it, I came from scratch and now I feel that I have what it takes to produce a nice tape, now I want to learn more and be better every day.
Amazing course, very good lecturer, effective structure and many useful information for your productions. Thank you, Stephen and the Berklee team!
I achieved a lot in this course. I encourage all to take this course and learn a lot! Thank you Stephen and all that created this amazing course.
thank you very much for the guidance, i like very much what i have learned and hopefully will convey thi to my musios in the areagreetings Kappie
A really helpful course for any beginner who is passionate about his/her music and willing to start producing. Learned a lot from these lessons.
It was clear, smart, simple and very direct to what you will need to focus your vision on what you want i really liked it and loved the content
