Not a very interesting class, only learned some vocabulary and some pre made sentences, but no general structure or grammar. This means that it would be impossible for me to even guess how to form an other sentence with the words i know.
Videos proceed way too fast for complete beginners and things are explained without enough underlying basics. Plus there is not really enough chance for repetitions in the videos. Tonal explanations are good, except for the green line where you are not told how to choose what part of that tone to pronounce every time. Overall, it could be a great course but falls short because the videos proceed way too fast and without enough repetitions or even practice exercises to be able to remember the phrases afterwards.
Terrible.  Had to verify multiple times.  Audio quiz had no sound (struck-thru speaker icon I couldn't fix.)I'd be disappointed with Cousera for foisting this trash if I hadn't taken "Learning How to Learn," much less buggy.Would disenroll if there was any way to do so.
I didn't find this course to be too  helpful.
Not a very good course layout
The level that this class starts out is like teaching a toddler to speak Russian. I have no idea how to pronounce anything Chinese. This class kind of assumes you're familiar with the way the words sound. It's very difficult to begin. I have a language degree. If the language that studied started off like this, I wouldn't have studied it.
A several small errors (dropped tones, dropped letters / mis-spellings) in the main course content.In the final review, they repeatedly use the wrong character and tone for "five". These are really elementary mistakes which suggest that the course was not so carefully designed.
Does not seem like a class for someone who has no exposure to the Chinese language.  First tipoff should have been the question that asked if I had studied Chinese.  It forced me to pick yes although I made several attempts to select no.
This is very basics hence getting a certificate is not valuable. I would consider getting a certificate, if it means something hence beyond a very basic crash course. The certification, should be, I can really use and means something.
My name in the certificate is not correct I just would like to change my name this name is correct     Benya Christmas     change for me please because I need to apply to the job Thank you so much
i want a certificate for free now ! why my friends get certificate free but i have to pay ?
Im not finishing it since in the test are missing a lot of sounds ..............
I'm not a conversational learner. I like to learn via the puzzle method.
Goes waaaay too fast to actually learn anything. Not very useful.
There should be fun Chinese gamesbut this is boring.
not practical, some audio files are not working ...
horrible cannot differentiate between tones
I didnt like the way she taught us
Unfortunately, not very engaging.
worst language in  the  world
she barely taught anything
too hard for a beginner
Where do I start?
The course is helpful for learning specific expressions but does not provide a lot of building blocks. Phrases are provided as a block and often have to be deconstructed to understand which word means what, so that that word can be used in another context. For example: we are told that "kan shu" means "reading", but since "kan" means "to watch", does that mean that "shu" means book? There are also a lot of common endings to words; being told what those endings mean (e.g. "day") would help recognize unknown words in different context (e.g. hearing a word that ends in "-tian" indicates that we're talking about days, which would help understanding the general meaning of a sentence).The quizzes are not challenging and do not help with the learning.The most useful part of the course is the vocabulary list at the end of unit 7, but I could not find a way to download it. Too bad!
I thought she was a nice Teacher but Didn't teach the Basics steps into  speaking & learning chinese . If she had started with ABC alphabet how to write & speak the first week then taught to sound each letter out  in different pitches of volume 2week then to sentences  building 3rd week so on .  it would had been much more helpful I believe ...I sad that i had to leave the course b/c it seem and look like a great obertonty ... but it went to fast didn't cover what i Expected it would.. :(
The whole course is basically a short topic based phrasebook being read-out and over-explained in English. Since I already speak English, this isn't very useful. The course contains no dialogues, or any real situations where vocab's being reviewed. I found the exercise nitpicky and confusing, and there's no indication nor review of what actually you did wrong. Better just use an audio-phrasebook and repeat it using the same time.
This course will help anyone to understand the basic things of Chinese Language. I, personally have been so helpful thus I have no idea about Chinese language. The course have been organized such a nice way. I like it and I prefer this course to those who are also a beginners like me. Thank you.
I am giving it a 2 and am leaving the course because several of the recordings in the second quiz don't work.  It is not possible to participate when there are technical difficulties like this.  If the recordings worked, I am sure it would be a very fun and interesting class.
Doesn't seem like enough material for 7 weeks. Typically finished a week's worth in an afternoon. Could have put more work into the examinations, which didn't really help me reinforce the material most of the time.
This teacher reminds me of old aunties that tried to tell me how to think. "That's just the way it is" is never a good reason for me.
You do have to have requisites to understand this course. Pronunciation is confusing and lack of guidance in the process.
I think with more listen exercises this course will be better and the length of the videos too short.
I wish the Chinese characters were provided for all the vocabulary and example sentences taught
the classes are sometimes extremely boring and some things are not clearly explained
A submission too complicate to learn chinese-Three submission is too reasonable.
Very basic, we need sequels
very difficult
The teacher was remarkable. She was slow enough giving the student enough time to repeat after her. She made it very interactive and the tasks she put forward at the end of every section were helpful However, after a point they seemed redundant and too easy. They should be made a little tougher and challenging. Furthermore the passing cut off should be a little higher as it is too low. The lessons are spaced too far from each other and stretches over a very long period of time. They should be more compact so all things learnt and retained more effectively and instantly. Nonetheless, the teacher is able to teach Chinese very well for beginners, giving the perfect amount of coursework and relevant information that gives them access to the language. She has endowed the right skills for communication and has a very positive attitude with a smiley face that lifts the spirit of all people wishing to learn Chinese that excites their interest in the beautiful language.
I have gone through a beginner course before, so for me it was a refresher and an additional practice, although I have learned some new things here and there. I like the content of it and a stress on the conversation. The tests were a little too easy, I'd like them to be more engaging and challenging. Also I was also a bit disappointed in the absence of characters, because I like to at least look at them when I learn a new word, so that I can distinguish them from other characters that sound the same. Other than that it was pretty neat, wasn't a waste of time
This is a very good course to learn some basic expressions and, most of all, get a good first grasp of Chinese pronunciation. However I found the course structure quite repetitive over the seven weeks: Every other module is structured in the same way: "Which fruit do you like? Apple, banana, orange...", then the week after it's "Which sport do you like? Basketball, cycling, running". For a seven-week course this was not challenging enough. But it's a good start.
This course was effective in testing what was learned and in testing simple, useful expressions, words, and sentences. However, I would have liked to learn Chinese characters along with the pinyin, as in China reading the characters is just as important as speaking. Also, I believe the quizzes were a bit too simple, there should have been more multiple choice answers to chose from, more questions in general, and even some pronunciation practice.
I could not finish this course, although I admire the teacher for preparing this difficult material for English speakers. I have studied several Romance and one Semitic language but I was unable to understand the lectures here. I did pass the first few quizzes but I did not feel that I knew what I was doing. I really am motivated to learn some Chinese because it is like a 2nd or at least 3rd language in my city and very much a 1st or 2nd language in my neighborhood. But I needed something a little more tangible with which to get started . I am sure this says more about my inability than the teacher's ability.  I know I am not explaining myself well; I simply mean that to learn a language in which the alphabet is different and the meanings are based on emphasis rather than actual words, requires, I think, perhaps a bit more anchoring for the complete novice. For example, i wish we could have learned some simple conversational phrases, early on, just to get started, without worrying right away about all the sounds. Then once we can do that, we could get a bit more technical. Also, it would be helpful to be referred to a relevant text book. However, thank you for the effort. I hope Coursera will offer more languages since I could not find any other languages in the list.
I enjoyed the course and found most of the methods of teaching and content to be easy to take in and covering a wide range of topics. I do wish the course focused on the grammatical structure of the language more as relates to how sentences are structured and why, subject and verb agreement and the like but I say this understanding that this is a course for beginners. I look forward to reviewing my notes and using what I have learned here toward my fist official certification in the language. NB - Certain tests need to made less ambiguous so the person being tested can understand what is being asked of them CLEARLY.In summary if you know nothing about the language and plant o travel or want to be certified, start here.
It is quite good course for beginners those are Latin-Language-speaking people. You don't need to learn a chinese characters. So, it is very simple.But, I think that these lectures lacks logiccal explanation. Even in beginning, the logical sturucte is undoubtedly important for further learning. And, Quiz are really easy. So, you can finish this course even in a day if you have a sufficient time. I do not think that this course will make someone really spaek Chinee in China. But, this should be recommended for only those are interested in Chinese and do not have a plan to go to china.
I learned a lot of vocabulary but felt that there wasn't enough repetitive exercises. Also, no characters were used to learn. I understand it was meant for beginners. I did learn something but I felt the format could have been enhanced with more challenging exercises. Even the parts we were to read didn't have translations on them. I think this course needs more revision. I did enjoy the teacher. She seemed patient and spoke slowly. Thank you.
This course is best for someone looking to travel to China and use the spoken language only, not necessarily looking to become conversational or even be able to read. It does not break down the grammar very well. While it is good for learning tones and Pinyin, it lacks the characters for vocabulary needed to be able to read the language throughout the course. It does offer relevant vocabulary, however, and the quizzes are helpful.
A good introduction, but it would be nice to learn a little more about written Chinese and some basic grammar. Also, like all  on-line courses, this one tests how good the student is at listening, but not how good they are at speaking. You can get high marks but still be unable to utter a single word or read any Kanji characters.
The video looks quite old and sometimes feel boring.But the vocabulary is in daily life, should have the conclude sheet in every chapter, with the Chinese character, pinyin and meaningThe last page that concludes everything, can have Chinese characters with the pinyin. Not just Chinese characters and the meaning.
It gives good vocabulary, but i don't think it is made on a right order for learning.When you don't know anything about a lenguage, it is good to start learning verbs, nouns, pronouns, to be verb, vocabulary, etc... This course starts straight away with expressions that are hard to remember.
It's a great course! The only thing I did not fully like was the we could not learn any of the characters. I guess this course helped to develop the tones and the recognition of them, but, I think that a little shape in the characters and how each sound could improve this course a lot.
OK introduction to Mandarin Chinese. The question prompts in the quiz could be made easier to understand (e.g. a couple of the multiple-choice photos weren't clear); and subtitles for the Mandarin speaking parts would be helpful. Otherwise, it's an OK course for absolute beginners.
They don't teach Chinese characters in the lesson which makes the charm of this language kinda lost but they teach useful phrases with pinyin. There's also list of Chinese characters in last week Reading section it's a list of vocab with Chinese characters and translation.
It is a good online course, I liked how the videos where developed and hoy clearly explains the teacher. However, as a Beginner, I would appreciate whether the classes started with a more basic structure before going directly to new phrases and words.
A great course that teaches you all you need to know for your daily life in China. Although the teacher did a good job at giving many example sentences, the lectures itself were often of the same structure and a bit monotonous.
For me this kind of teaching is not very useful. I will want to learn more abou grammar so I can make sentences with sense alone. And of course more of phonetics. The teacher was great, she speaks very clear and explain well
I'd like to know more day-to-day information to keep a conversation, I like how it started, but some instructions were not clear. And I'd like to see the characters to start learning how some words are written.
I think the quizzes could've been higher quality. Many of the images used in the quizzes were very confusing. Also, i think more character recognition instead of focus on pin yin would've been more beneficial
I think it is better if teaching with pinyin and Chinese Character because the student can get to know more about Character and improve reading skills. But thanks for your free online course. :)
It's easy and great for people who wants to learn how to speak rather than read or write. It would've been preferable if they provided longer videos and words written in the Chinese character.
An easy course, though I disliked the lack of Chinese characters (only pinyin - the transcription) and lack of grammar rules. I recommend it only for beginners who know nothing of Chinese.
Good only for familiarity with language but some what lacks making a base for further studies. Nevertheless I really enjoyed this course and it covers basic conversations in a nice way.
Focuses on pronunciation and basic pinyin. I think this might be a difficult course to start with, although the quizes themselves are very easy. Vocabulary is very lightly covered.
The course only contains a basic introduction to chineese. You need further sessions to learn a language completely and to have any significant benifit from the effort put in.
For the amount of money one is paying for this product, one would at least expect teacher-student interaction. The tests are too easy, one can't learn properly from them.
You will get as much out of it as you put in, but it was a good overall introduction. I wouldn't say I can speak Chinese now, but I understand it a bit more :)
doessn't really approach Chinese for english speakers in the rihght way. They choose the wrong progression for us and should revise the entire intro course
Courses are great. 5 STARS!1 major problem. I would like to go back into the courses to refresh, but not possible, therefore only 3 stars..Really too bad
Starting from zero, it is not very simple following her. The course is full of knowledges but lack in the basics, I had to check on line for everything.
Great experience with a very great teacher, however, it would be more effective through physical classes. But anyhow I like this course so "Xiexie".
The teacher spoke very clearly, but the transcripts of each lecture should have included the Pinyin transcriptions. Without them,they were no help.
Learning some of the radicals and simple words would make this course much more valuable. It already is very useful, why not do better? :)
I would give it a five-star but at the beginning it was confusing how to access certain parts, there were no instructions on ho
they said its free, but after I finish the course I need to pay for the Certificate. there is no even letter of completion .
Iinteresting class, but only learned some vocabulary and some pre made sentences, but no general structure or grammar.
Well, it is a fairly good introduction to chinese. It's short and easy. However, I expected much more from the course.
The course was very educational and interesting but in my opinion the tutor spoke too quickly in some of the videos.
It would be even more interesting if the chinese caracters were written with the Pinyin (and not just the pinyin).
clear to understand as its well structured of explanation and its very useful for the starter of learning pinyin.
I had loved this course, because they teach you a lot of in Chinese and we can improve your language cultural.
Although Mandarin is hard enough to learn but the instructor make it easy by her effective communication.
Good range of topics, but very little practice materials given, and the instructer is unnaturally formal.
Good as a refresher for people with some Chinese already but not thorough enough for a complete beginner
It would be great If there were a two way contact with the teacher to get corrections on pronunciation.
It only gives few vocabularies. Chinese characters aren’t shown so you only get to hear pingying.
Nice for who wants to learn basic expressions, however no ideograms and grammar rules explained
should have vocablary and sentence forming first than going directly into sentence
I´ve missed Chinese hanzi.But apart from that the course and tests are all good.
I think, for beginners, it's a good job but the quiz is really hard to use !!
it is very good but i dont understand why they dont teach the writing hanzi
please do a quality check on the couse.  I found some errors!
It has to be more intensive about pronunciation.
I also want to learn the Chinese characters.
The way of teaching is difficult to remember
Course is enjoyable and interesting so far.
no pinyin to teach us so a little bit hard
good teacher but i not a great course
Pretty good course for beginners.
I would love to learn more :) .
Ok as intro to chinese language
It is intresting Course
its terrible but okay
Sub in spanish plz
Good course :)!
4 Quite good and the reasons belowPersonally, I used to study Fundamental Chinese in high school so this course is almost the same as my initial course, but the differents are this program has only PINYIN ( using pronunciation for making sentences ). There is no any important skills as How to write chinese words correctly ( the way you stroke chinese basic character, begins from up to down or left to right ) and yes, Lack of chinese character previews ( even you dont teach us writting but you can show us what words look like so it can help us remembering a bit or more bc. the characters is usefull and it's in our daily life, not Pinyin ). Be realistic. Peking uni, for free tutorial it's awesome but you can do it better. Many thank.
Good day,I did the whole course and personally I think it was fine in general, but there were some information which should be mentioned at my opinion, for example that there are differences regarding pronounciation between south and north china. In addition, I'm not sure about it, that there where pronounciation mistakes when it comes to tv programms, e.g. for the word like dònghuàpiàn or jìlùpiàn. The mistake where at the end of the word --> piàn. But it is possible that it just depends from person to person how to pronounce it. In any case it differs from other native chinese people from what I heard. It would be nice if someone can explain it.In some cases I had problems to understand the professor what she said like "tongue marks". This was in a video in the first week I think, but she said those words in another video again and I could understand it there better, so at the end I could figure out what she said, but sometimes I couldn't.All in all as I wrote, it was fine and learned something new. Thank you for the course. In chinese --> Xiexie ni ge womeng ze tang ke. (I omitted the tones --> too complicated)
I thought this course was fantastic for beginners just looking to be able to say stuff quickly without too much effort, for example if you were going to a Chinese-speaking area and wanted to be able to communicate simply. It's also great for beginners who are going to learn it more seriously, and would like to expand their vocabulary quickly over a range of basic areas. However, there is not so much grammar - you don't necessarily understand why you're saying what you're saying! But in terms of what most people use it for, it's perfect. If you want more grammar explanations and structures, I recommend doing the Chinese for HSK 1 course that's also offered by Peking University. I've combined these two courses and added an HSK 1 grammar workbook, and feel like that's a good place to start for a beginner learner.
Good course for beginners. In my opinion, its strong point is simplicity (it does not require much effort and yet allows you to learn something useful, and also makes you think that Chinese is not unbearably complex language after all) and broad range of topics (probably gives you all words necessary to survive short trip to China). What I didn't like in this course is lack of explanation: student is required to memorize entire sentences, but nothing was said about word ordering, personal pronouns and other basic structural features of language. I would also like to have more tests/ exercises with feedback, probably some review tests covering previous lessons.
I’m happy to learn and I want to study Chinese because CHINESE for me It difficult Thank You 😊
I enjoy the flexibility of taking the course wherever I am. I can put into use all the things that were taught, on a regular basis. I would have liked information or side notes about sentence structure. Was not able to complete the notes at the end. I was trying to see if I could print it and I couldn't go back to it. I liked the addition of the characters in the notes. The exercises were helpful and the instructor spoke clearly so I could hear the pronunciation. It would be nice to listen to dialogues of what was learned to develop the listening part of the language. My greatest gratitude to all those that made this course possible. Thank you. Xie xie.
The course provided a solid, clear, and friendly introduction to the basics of speaking & understanding spoken Mandarin, as well as to how Mandarin is written in the Roman alphabet. Vocabulary and grammar points were introduced at a pace that was never too overwhelming. I'd have liked the quizzes to be based on listening to a dialogue or watching a video and then testing comprehension, rather than just on vocabulary. But on the whole, I was pleased. It was exciting, right as the course was ending, to see that I could have a tiny conversation of the "Do you like autumn?" and "We are taking the subway to school" variety with a Chinese colleague.
Quizzes were very easy. I was expecting more questions and some more Chinese / English sentences in the quizzes. I mentioned a mistake in the quizz concerning 'numbers' but nobody bothered to answer me. It was a teacher mistake and / or computer but definitely it was not mine. I hope that in the future the course will be improved, the quizzes more difficult and some sentences be included in these quizzes whether in English or in Chinese (pinyin). The teacher could have included at least two Chinese ideograms in each course in order to get familiarized with them, such as : exit / pull / push / toilet / taxi stop / etc... Thanks.
It's a good course to learn chinese for beginners. The skills you learn/improve the most in the course are pronunciation and vocabulary, which I think are the most important for a beginner, because them allow you to speak with some fluency. I missed a little explanations about gramar and syntax, but I asked in the forums about them, the problem is that often doubts aren't answered there. I also missed characters, but it's perhaps understandable that in a beginners course they aren't already introduced. Chinese is so difficult and it requires many years of study, so I think in general it's a complete course for a beginner.
The course is a very practical approach to the language. The main goal of it being to help you get by in the country. It's title should be Surviving in China 101. Although misleading for people wanting to learn the language to an extensive level, it's definitely a good base to have and to build on. The material is presented in a very accessible manner and the quizzes help you master the key elements acquired within each session. Overall, great class if you plan visiting the country and want to be able to get by without a translator as we all know that not all Chinese natives speak English.
Everything is very well! Ilike the material and the professor who is teaching us. She is very good. Thank you very much. But the only problem for me is that the wrong pronunciation is given by the professor. For me it wasa psycological issue. Because, I would remember the variant how you should not do! AndI think it is better to make an example only the right variant and repeting this several times as a tongue twister. During the course I am trying to avoid this wrong examples, trying to scroll later and not to hear them. Everything else I like very much!
This course includes major topics of daily life. After having completed all lessons with Professor Xiaoyu Liu, the student will be able to express himself/herself in many useful situations. This fast result of some basic Chinese is very motiviating to complete the course and to continue studying this fascinating language. The only drawback may be the lack of some corresponding Chinese characters. However, this may exceed the scope of this Coursera course. Maybe there will be a course Chinese for Beginners 2 in future. If so, I would certainly participate.
Excellent course for a beginner or post-beginner as the fundamentals of pronunciation are dealt with slowly in the first half and then it races ahead with useful language and vocabulary for everyday contemporary situations like talking about hobbies, using the internet, etc etc. Stylistically, the Professor may seem dry and mechanical to some but I liked her. No fluff. She moves at quite a pace. For false-beginners, would have bene nice to ave had access to the Chinese vocabulary during the course not at the end. Looking forward to the next course.
This was a great beginner's Chinese course and therefore a great review for me. Although I had studied Chinese before, there were some lessons that I had never learned academically, but had acquired from everyday life living in China, and therefore, those lessons were interesting to sit through to see how the sentences are created This was very useful for understanding the structure, which goes beyond merely acquiring a language through daily conversation. It provides for a better understanding of the functionality of the language. Thank you.
This was an excellent course for learning Beginner's Chinese. I really thought the instructor did a good job in teaching Mandarin. She spoke in a way that could be understood. She pronounced the words in a clear way and did a good job of explaining how to pronounce them. My only suggestions for the course would be to improve the subtitles for the lecture videos and to maybe improve the extended exercises a little bit. Other than that, the course is great. I would totally recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn Beginner's Chinese.
As a person that has had some Chinese exposure before and after some of these lessons, I find them informative, yet still much in want. Some things the instructor explain was done poorly, others in good understanding. I can't complain about the lack of hanyu writing, but to randomly have them in the notes in the self studies was less than helpful towards the self lessons. Overall, I still consider this a good course to start off anyone and easy and simple enough to break them into bigger and better studies with it.
The course is just brilliantly structured. I imagine that this is a set of expressions to start a journey of love with the Chinese language and culture.I did miss a bit explanations on the gramatical structure of chinese sentences. I.e. position of verbs, times, places, pronouns in the sentences. I kind of figured them out, being them different to the structure of western languages. Google Translate helped often to understand this structure and words. The teacher is JUST lovely. Many thanks for a lovely work!
This course is good. I've learned some Chinese when I was in middle school but I almost totally forgot. So I took this course to review some Chinese. This course is well arranged. They gradually add more vocabulary and patterns of the sentence each lesson. They also review some of them in the following lessons. However, there was a little mistake that I found such as in the last review. They forgot to type pinyin for some sentences. It would be very nice if it is improved. Thank you :)
I enjoyed the experience. In teh frist week I really felt that I was elarning some basics, then I get lost. There has been a step that I certianly missed. The written exercise were starting to be too complex, mixing elements learnt in previous courses !Now, It gave me some elements of how chinese is structured, but I would have like more of those basics explained.Now the teacher is super friendly and videos are great.
Good as a standard introduction to chinese. We learnt similar words in our first-semester course at uni.I'd personally also like to learn the simplified chinese symbols but that's just my opinion.Weekly deadlines are good but if we keep going I won't revise anything. I'd rather have the course force me to repeat some of the words and constructs I have learnt in former courses. The assignments should be harder too.
A good course for newbies to Chinese, I enjoyed the simplicity of it. I actually took this course with my 8 year son who said he wanted to learn Chinese, he caught on way faster than I did. I had trouble in some of the tests I found the audio to be muffled and it made it hard to decipher what was being said. I got some questions wrong due to that. But overall I enjoyed it and would recommend it to others.
After many technical issues I decided to try the course using my phone.... and it worked! I enjoyed the rest of the course immensely! :-) I have given this course four stars instead of five as I feel there should have been a few more interactive quizzes to really imbed the target language. I actually used what I learned to chat to some Chinese people in my area! What a wonderful feeling. :-)
Good introductory course, I took this course after having graduated HSK3 so I found it really easy to complete. Unfortunately there is no real (hanzi) writing or reading activities but the listening parts are still very useful to understand the tones. I'd suggest more of this with longer and richer videos and more difficult quizzes (some are trivial also for the very beginners).
I'd say this was a pretty good introduction to Chinese.  The main thing this accomplished for me was practicing the tones, which are very challenging.  The vocabulary covered was very limited, and the course didn't really stress grammar, so you shouldn't expect to be able to form your own sentences after taking this course.  But I think this is at least a good starting point.
The course is good for beginners. The lessons are short and the teacher is easy to understand. I really need the characters as well as the pinyin. I had to spend time after the lessons to find the characters. Then I saw the sheet at the end of all the lessons that had characters listed for everything. I wish I had known that. It would have saved me some time.
Haven enrolled in this short online course in Chinese for Beginners has really helped me. Now a Masters student at BNU, it's easy for me to communicate on campus and even outside campus. It makes it easier for a native to give you help since you can say something in Chinese. I am amazingly thrilled with my ease of lifestyle in Beijing; thanks to COURSERA
The teacher does a good job at concisely guiding you through pronunciation and vocabulary. Its a good first step towards Chinese proficiency. I didn't like the lack of written notes for me to study vocabulary. I found out at the end (week 7), they provide a comprehensive vocab guide. It may have been nice to have the added incrementally with each week.
The context and the contents of the course are easy to follow. The instructor speaks slowly and clearly. However, even if we don't learn to read and write the Chinese characters since it may be a tad too difficult, I would appreciate it if the course also adds some Chinese characters with the words so the students could try to familiarize themselves.
Very nice course! It was very interesting for me to learn Mandarin as I was totally new to this language. We went through 7 weeks of lectures which don't take much time. Literally 10 min per day is enough. Now i know a lot but unfortunately still can't really talk. I'm looking forward for another course, because these 7 weeks were not enough for me)
Ni Hao,I liked the course, good course content though the first week which includes the tones was tough as it is hard to memorize the same. But as English phrase says, "try try till you succeed"or keeping trying till you succeed.So we have to keep trying the tones till we succeed.Would like to thank the Professor for the video lectures.XieXie
This was a nice, low-pressure course to introduce you to Chinese.  The instructor had a very calm disposition, and did a good job making the course approachable (xie xie, laoshi). I wish there were optional hanzi (Chinese written characters) throughout the course, not just at the very end.   Also a little variety in quiz style would be nice.
Professor Liu did a great job!  I think dialogue is introduced too quickly and it would be nice that she explains at the beginning of the course the trick to learning and understanding beginners Mandarin is associating action word/verb with general fuctions "Tian" is used to describe time.  Otherwise, its a great course, I liked it a lot!
This is a great intro course to Chinese! I would like to see the characters were written above the words as you learn to simply become familiar with some of the common characters. I am grateful for the access this course provides for those traveling to China to respectfully communicate and show interested in the Chinese culture.
I completed a free app on my phone, ChineseSkill, which was just the best thing I've ever done. Could do this course with my eyes closed and did all 7 weeks in about 3 days (total of 5 hours I think). Now I'm going back to that app cause it just amazes me how much more content they have. I recommend that app to everyone here!
Overall this course is really helpful when it comes to grammar and sentence structuring. You get experience with a lot of vocabulary as well. I gave the course four stars because Chinese characters aren't taught or covered at all, just pinyin. Which is fine, but it would be nice to have those briefly introduced as well.
this course is definitely help me to understand chinese better, the tacher is quite good at english and good at explaining things. Also, her is not rushed at speaking words so we can try to mimic her. Definitely need to learn more to remember and fluent at chinese but this course is a great first step :). Thank you.
Very helpful beginners course. it starts from scratch with the Chinese sound system and basic greetings, etc. all the way up to talking about the weather, your hobbies, illnesses, etc. The course uses only Pinyin and no characters are introduced at all except for the last reading notes at the end of the course.
This is a very good introduction to Chinese, but would help to people that doesn´t have any person to practice match with some people online that would like to chat or talk with the students of the course.It will be nice, to include some part of the phonetic of the words to understand how is a better speaking.
Very happy to have taken this course. I have learnt so many Chinese words and expressions in just a few weeks! In order to get a 5 out of 5 score, I would suggest teaching in more detail some of the structures and vocabulary used in the lessons, as sometimes missing this information made learning difficult.
Great learning experience and easy to grasp considering the way ideas and learning was disposed. Full score is not given as some images in the quizzes were misleading often difficult to understand the correct answer (e.g.: Quiz on different types of sickness). Overall still pretty interesting and fun!
Great explanations of rules for spelling and basic history of the Chinese writing system also. Could use some information on sentence structure and grammar with each vocabulary piece. Otherwise, really good for beginners or those more experienced who want to revisit the Chinese language.
This course was really helpful in understanding the basics of Mandarin and gave me a little more insight into the Chinese culture and mode of thinking. Chinese no longer looks like an impossible language to understand. Love it! Would love to have a few more printable notes, though.
This course is excellent. It gives thorough introduction into language without going into too much unnecessary details. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to start learning Chinese from scratch.  Much better if you would provide some lecture note. Other than that, it's good.
Xiexie LaoshiIt has been great attending your classes. You are such an amazing teacher.I learnt a lot from your classes. Especially weather expression, transport, hobbies and many things that used to give me trouble. I hope to take more of your classes.Zai Jian .
This course was good to get the basics and fast forward if you already have some beginners knowledge with the language. Could be more challenging during the quizzes, maybe also more emphasize on writing the words. I can read Chinese more easy than I can write it
I've been learning Chinese for 3 years and this is a great course whether to learn from scratch or to review the basics. I think it should also focus on learning or at least showing the correspondent Chinese characters so that the course could be even better.
Covers most necessary basic Chinese conversation you will need and focuses on pronunciation of these words. If you want to learn Chinese characters, in week 7 there is an overview but if that is something you want to learn, this is not the course to do that.
Course covers useful everyday situations for beginners. Some of the quiz questions & answers were paired wrongly. Could/should have some refresher questions or examples of vocabulary covered in earlier weeks during subsequent weeks, to reinforce learning.
Excellent chunking of the material, while integrating daily conversational dialogues. Review and quizzes at the end of each section is great. However, I would suggest adding the Chinese characters to the bottom of the pinyin for future Chinese students.
The content is easy to digest and the way things are being explain in this course is very clear.  I had always been intimidated by the characters to start learning Chinese. But now that I went though this course I find it encouraging to learn more.
It is a very good one to start but most have a basic too. My experiences are that I never have the opportunity to go to the school to learn Chinese and with this I just get to correct some of my pronunciation mistakes. is ok but needs more basic.
Very interesting to learn the basis of Chinese ; very simple and clear!It is also a good basis to prepare the HSK but in my opinion it would have been interesting to have also the chinese characters writen in order to learn both at the same time!
Amazing intro, the pronunciation guidance and vocabulary are very useful but sometimes it can be quite hard and confusing. May have missed it but the vocabulary addendum at the end could've been split by lessons, helping the process a lot.
It's quite good to know more about the different major languages in the world. Because this is just the lowest stage so it is still quite far from using Chinese like second or third language. For me, it is a quick tour guide and effective
I already attended a Chinese for Beginners course years ago. This course was excellent for brushing up words and sentence constructions. Excellent course also for completely beginners. I hope that there will be additional courses. Thanks!
This is a wonderful beginner course for Chinese. I would say it would be great for those who have no prior experience with Chinese, since it is very well made and easy to follow. It gives very well made lessons and is very informative.
The instructor was well paced, knowledgeable.   Good review of common things to say if you were in China.  I am missing the syntax of the language, how sentences are put together.  I prefer a bit of grammar in my language learning.
Really good introduction to everyday words and phrases in Pinyin. Having all the sentences etc. written out in Pinyin would have been helpful (what is written doesn't necessarily correlate to the material covered in the videos).
It was an interesting course and learned some basic Chinese. It's a pity that I couldn't really practice with other people so I hope to meet soon some Chinese to apply what I've learned. It was a great experience, Xièxiè nǐ
Fun course and a good place to start. It skips some details at times, but nothing that matters on the whole. It gives a good basic idea of how to pronounce and talk about simple, basic ideas. I liked it and learned a lot!
I think some of the quiz answers are wrong (In section about time) (but it is not a big mistake). Please check again. This course is great both for beginners and other level Chinese learners. Thank you for the course!
Awesome course! Thanks for everything! It would however be great if you also could provide the Chinese characters for all the stuff we've learned *while* we learn it and not in the end of the course. :) Best, Vinicius
It is amazing to learn other language with such a easy method. I like this course from best university in China. Now i can speak Chinese what i learned by this course. Thank you coursera and peaking university. 谢谢
I liked the course. It was well organized and speed was okay. Altough i would have preferred a vocabulary list of the vocabulary that were introduced, as well as some information on the correct grammar in general.
It would be better if the course provide online document for us to download because for me, I have to take note in my notebook and I feel pain in my wrist. (but if I don't take note, I can't remember the content)
She teaching very well. her accent is very clear to understand, lesson is very useful to and might can use it for real. Now I know a bit of daily Chinese and I am planning to learn more about it.  Thank you.   :)
Good Course for foreigners to learn mandarin but it would be more helpful if the lecturer would slow the pase just a little bit cause we are still beginners and have a hard time understanding the different tones.
I really liked this course because all the lessons are coherent with each other which helps one understand Chinese better. I hope that the quizzes would be more difficult to fully test the student's competence.
Thank you for the course! As the title says, this lessons is for beginners who never experienced learning Chinese Language. But I think providing chinese characters in the course will make this course better.
This course is definitely helpful for those who has not learned Chinese before as well as who has learned a bit Chinese.The exercises are well prepared and help learners to review all the lessons logically.
Very introductory with minor problems/mistakes. It's good to start if you're a total beginner, but you sure need much more if you want to go on with Chinese language. Thanks for an amazing start though!
Very solid content, with distinct sections and themes. No writing makes it into a good introductory course but also is something more serious learners need to study on their own alongside the course.
It was really amazing to learn the Chinese language. I loved it! this was great for beginners to learn Chinese basics. whoever is willing to learn basic Chinese speaking must go through this course.
Excellent course, but would have liked to have the characters that go with the pinyin, even if they was not much importance given to them. It´s nice to get familiar with them before the end.
Really liked it. I would prefer to learn along the chinese characters, but also understand that is hard to focus on so many new things (tones, characters, words, gramatic). gong xi gong xi!
Great course, although if you plan to learn more than the basics start with the Chinese for HSK by Peking University which in my opinionif you are serious about learning chinese, is better.
Simple teaching which can be easily understood. Excellent for beginners. Would be delighted if more examples or vocabularies were supplied for reference, and more questions in the quizzes.
The course is nice and easy for people wanting to learn and communicate in Chinese. It would be more helpful if there was some discussion on Chinese grammar rules and sentence formation.
Great course to get a beginners exposure to the chinese language. Liked the practical concept of the lectures, aiming towards sentences and phrases that can be used in daily interaction.
This course offers Chinese vocabulary in daily life for basic conversation. It'll be better for students to study Chinese Characters to be able to read and write to fulfill the study.
Overall, it''s a great course. I have some basic background knowledge about Chinese. However, I learnt some new vocabs from this course and also how to pronounce words more properly.
A perfect way to introduce chinese for beginners. All the basics were covered using English as its main language. This course will indeed be a stepping stone for me to learn Mandarin
It's a grate course, but sometimes the teacher did not put the things she said. It was dificult to understand her; therefore I had to put the subtitles. That's my only complain. :)
It was very pleasant and approachable course. The 4 stars note only because there could have been more vocabulary, e.g. with other dishes, fruits, vegetables, sports, hobbies etc.
I think listening to vowel and tonal sounds is a bit difficult.  But I like asking and answering better.              It made me get to know basic sentences and easy vocabulary.
The course is very useful when provide a basic speaking Chinese for beginners. However, i hope that in the fulture the course can also provide somethings about chinese writing.
I think it is a very good course, but for me, it was too dense, which led to me not finishing it. More emphasis should be on repetition and deepening of the acquired knowledge.
This is the great introduction course, but it will be even better explaining the structure of sentences. However, it was amazing course to learn common expressions! Thank You!
Excellent course. I would only suggest that the videos be a little bit longer and some more explanations be given on why certain words are inserted into some full sentences.
Very good introductory speaking course. Great instructor. The quizzes should also include some of the sentence construction so students can test their understanding of this.
It's easy to understand and so useful. I met a chinese girl and now we talk together. I hope will be another one in the future to continue learning this beautiful language.
I thought the class was very well done as an introductory class. Although I thought there would be an introduction to characters also. I liked the laoshi and the slides. :)
Good Course , Thank you for FREE learning. I'm so appreciate to spend my free time with chinese language knowledge and easy for beginner everyone can do it!. xièxie lăoshī
very nice course but  grades achieved and duration of course is not  mentioned on certificates please should write it as well as certificate should free of cost not paid.
It was interesting and good. It would even be better if there is an opportunity to connect with other participants to practice Chinese via video conferencing. Thank you.
This course is suitable for beginners who want to learn basic vocabulary and sentence structures. It is not an all-encompassing beginners course but it is a good start.
This was a very easy course and not too daunting considering the topic. I liked learning pronounciations of the words and the basic vocabulary. A great starter course.
Great course for those who want to learn chinese for basic communication. The course covers a wide range of essential and basic day-to-day conversational topics.
Only teaches pinyin but it's suitable instruction for beginners who just want to learn how to construct some very basic sentences and dialogues. All in Mandarin.
I really enjoy this course. I have enhanced my Chinese skills. Thank you, Mrs. Xiaoyu Liu, Peking University and Coursera for offering me this good opportunity.
good course for traveler but there are a little of grammar part so you can speak a simple sentence but if you want to create some new sentence it's quite hard.
I think any course of Chinese must include characters. To teach only a too basic sentences in pinyin is not a good experience. Nonetheless, I like this course.
Interesting lessons! Quizzes could be improved with sentence translations.Chinese characters could be shown with pinyin in order to be able to recognize them.
The course was great. It helped me a lot in framing a proper accent and knowing basics in Chinese language. Now I can follow dialogue and easily read out.
This course was very nice and easy to do. I'm very glad to choose to do this and hope that I can visit China soon and have the chance to use it ! Xiexie!
teaching method is good not so long and easy to understand.which i learn is that these word might be helpful in my future when i will traveled to china.
I was learn how to speak basic mandarin. It is very helpful and I am highly recommend this course for those who want to learn basic mandarin speaking.
Good for beginners and basic english teaching easy to understand for foreignersNot recommend for people who want to know a lot of details in Chinese
Some of the pictures in the quizzes were difficult to decipher in terms of choosing an answer.  I learned some new things which helped my Chinese.
Great Course! I thought Chinese was way too difficult to learn but, they made it so easy for us to learn it. Had so much fun while learning it.
Great beginner class. I wish there were more lessons where it forced you into a conversation so you could practice with hypothetical questions.
A very relevant curriculum though was confused with the comments and not knowing if I needed to write in pinyin as an exercise or just recite?
Very easy to understand and without characters it becomes interesting to start of basic dialogues. Practice test also makes it fun to learn.
This class is awesome! I wish that there were some written notes or something to help but the videos are awesome to help with pronunciation.
7th week final review have some wrong pinyin correlating to Chinese characters. Otherwise is good. he professor pronunciation is very good!
Good course. I think using pinyin along with the Chinese-character to represent the pinyin would be nice to get familiar with the language.
This course is simple but good. I guess taken seriously it could be a nicefirst step in the chinese language. The quizz re too easy though.
The course is alright but a little more explanation may be more useful. The instructor was good. But the notes need to be a bit elaborate.
I learned the basic mandarin and its pronunciation, although I would have like to learn their characters, nevertheless I learned so much.
I like it to know a little bit of Chinese is good. I would like more examples and also the use of Chinese symbols sometimes. Really nice.
It was very fascinating and knowledgeable to be the part of this course.I have learned a lot in this course from the basics.thank you.
This course is enjoyable and easy to learn from. A minor drawback is that some pictures are difficult to distinguish in the exercises.
It was so helpful, the instructor explained everything so nicely! So glad that I've learned some basic of CHINESE LANGUAGE. xiè xie!
Good basics for beginners and to get started. A little more gramatical explanations would be good to really understand the language.
Quizes got glitchy however, overall content is fantastic!!!(Wouldnt recomend taking for certification... better suited for fun ;)
I found very interesting and useful this course. All modules are nicely designed and framed in relation to learner prospective.
It's a great course to learn the basics of pronunciation of the Chinese words. It also helps with improving listening skills.
Introduction to basic vocabulary and grammar. I give it 4 stars because it does not discuss any characters, just uses pinyin.
This course very for good beginner to learn chinese. Unfortunely, there's no explanation about structure grammar in chinese.
Easy to follow and exercises at the end of each session is really great.Appreciate if no of exercises / question increased.
This course served as an excellent refresher. The phrases taught are great for daily conversations and basic introductions.
Overall very good, but the quizzes are very easy and often only look at the easiest part of a lesson (weekdays for example)
Very good introduction to Chinese language. There is plenty of extra work to do if you really want to go deeper. Thank you.
it was my first chinese course, it was not always easy but with the help of internet and some apps i reach my goal. thanks
I think this course must to have chinese letter because in china not have pinyin all of everything have chinese letter.
This video  is easy to understand, you must add the chinese character in video that perfect.thank you for this course ♥
The curriculum is very similar to the one I took at school, although there was more character practice not just pin yin
Course material is very useful for true beginners. The course helps a lot to overcome potential fears to failure. Xièxi
Very well explained. I think it will be much better if there is a revision of previous weeks teaching in current week.
Thank you so much for this course. It was really helpful for me as a beginner. I like the pace, clarity and the quiz.
I think the course needs some more grammar. Sometimes it was difficult to understand the rules you make a sentence.
Nice one.. Helped a beginners like me a lot.. I found confidence in myself. Hats off! Simply explained..  xiexie :)
This lesson is easy to understand for everyone who starts learning Chinese and be interested in Chinese. Good job.
I think there is too much focus on the wrong pronunciation. I only want to hear the correct chinese pronunciation.
I love this course. It is very helpful. the way of teaching is excellent. i appreciate the hard work of teacher
Its very good course for beginners.After this course we can communicate in Chinese  for our daily life routine.
materials are nice.....but if the video of alphabets of chinese were also included then it will be a great help
Not bad. Good kick start to learning chinese. I do enjoy the use of pictures and pin yin. This is very useful.
It's a good course for beginners. I learned a lot from the lecture videos and the discussion forums as well.
good for starter in chinese language beginner and just for speaking and listening this course can help you
I have missed some basic introduction for characters, although I see that there is another course for that
Definitely helpful for simple daily conversations. The courses were conducted clearly and easy to follow.
If there is more explanation of the basic grammar explains, could be more helpful for a solid foundation.
It's really a course for beginners, easy to understand and slow enough to practise speaking on your own.
The whole content and examples are really good for a zero knowledgeable person. I totally recommend it.
The way of teaching Chinese is commendable. Looking forward to see some Chinese people soon.😊Xièxie!!!
I wish we I had learned more about grammar. The teacher was awesome, i liked so much her explanations
It was a wonderful experience and I enjoyed so much and will be use this language in my local life.
Very interesting, a little bit more difficult quizzes would be nice but  i really liked this course
Great examples and also not to hard to learn so i managed it to successfully solve this course :)
It was fun, and a nice refresher for me as it has been nearly a decade since I spoke in Chinese.
the only thing confusing is giving addresses but I would also have added the chinese characters
I have gained the knowledge so much. It's very useful for beginner both words and pronunciation
This course is very useful for beginners without any knowledge of Chinese language and culture.
Really good course. But you need to study hard, because not everything is written on the board.
I have reciewed the basic Chineses language used to study and get more vocabulary. Thank you
Very helpful! Added more motivation to my studying such a rich language! Thanks to teacher!
Very helpful for beginners. Might be good to learn some chinese characters from the start.
It's great, I hope there's another level or more advanced level for this course. Thank you
The quizzes are a bit boring and not very creative. The teacher and the videos are good.
It is a good start to learn Chinese with simple conversations and daily words. Thank you
easy to follow and useful, may be a little bit more of basic gramatic would be wellcomed
I love learning Chinese with this course! The instructor could be better, but all around
You should put chinese characters for a better understanding of this beautiful language.
Pretty  cool. Requires good listening skills and attention skills and ver well detailed.
Excellent teaching methodology. would love to take the next level from the same teacher
It would be better if you teach chinese writing as well. However, this course is great!
Straight forward and easy to learn, but couldn't understand some of the pronunciations.
It's an excellent course but there should be some knowledge about how to write Chinese.
Most of the lessons are available for beginners of Chinese. It is useful to understand.
Very interesting and difficult. Expecially the audio quiz aren't so easy, obviously :)
I consider myself a beginner in Chinese. However, this course was way to easy for me.
The teacher explains the words very clearly and in a very detailed and simple manner.
Would've been great if the Chinese characters were provided along with the Pinyin.
This is a good start for beginners. I enjoyed it thoroughly. Xie Xie   Xiaoyu Liu!
It is a helpful course for anyone looking for the basics of the Chinese language.
this course is very funny and easy to understand. It's suitable for the beginner.
could have been more detailed.Anyway it was a good experience ,am happy with it.
It's more nice if you provide the note for every week. Thankyou for the lesson.
This course is very helpful for the field I'm working in...  Thank you so much.
I would like to see introductions to the Chinese characters of the words used.
Found it very interesting and encouraged me to carry on learning the language.
Lesson is easy to understand. Need to make more time to yourself for practice.
Liked it very much! Easy for beginners and it created much interest for China!
It is a good course. Speaking and listening skills can be used in daily life.
Very good teacher. I think introducing a few characters would be interesting.
The course has been more supportive and i want to enroll in the second level
Easy to understand and follow. I love to learn with you so much. Thank you.
I wish there was more character emphasis, but not bad! Nice and refreshing.
it's a good experience i have got here.fantastic learning chinese language
This was a good intro class.  Would be nice to have an intermediate class.
Now, I have the basic in Chinese language. It was fun and very fantastic!
this is important course for me but i can not certificate for this course
Its good for basic we hope it 's a graet experinece to know an new thing.
Helpful for Chinese Beginners who want to start communicating in English
It's a good course for beginners and I'm very glad to had this session.
The lessons are short ( just enough ) and well explained. Thank you ^_^
It's an exciting course that helps you learn basic Chinese language.
This is a very good course to get a basic understanding of Mandarin.
Slow and easy; very accessible for the absolute beginner. Thank you!
sorry now I want to change my name in certificate what shoid I do??
the explanation is very cool. Sometimes the course goes a bit slow.
Would be better if have detail for each lesson in pdf to download.
it was fun, but in my opition the Tests were a little bit too easy
Great course! It only needs having an introduction to characters.
It is nice for beginners but I think the quiz given is too easy.
i wish there were more lessons  i can take the course forever :)
My Professor was patient and the course is very well organized.
easy to understand basic conversation and quiz is not too hard.
Its encouraging and motivating and very good to get you going.
Really good, bite-sized information to get started on Mandarin
Really good for understanding the basics of Chinese in pinyin!
More Words can be added.  bank. phone conversation, hospital.
Quite a good course for Basic Understanding of Spoken Chinese
It will be better when you will give hieroglyphs with pinyin.
It was a very easy and helpful course, thanks to coursera!!
The lecturer has a clear voice and pronunciation of words.
way of study is good it will help you to memorize quickly
Great course. Shold have mandarin characters, in my view.
Let’s start.i thing you can learn everything you want to
The teacher works hard to make the course easy to learn.
Is so hard learning Chinese but this is a good course :)
Great work¡¡¡ and you can practise your oral skills =)
I learnt a lot but i think certificate should be free
It would be nice to see the chinese characteres too.
It is really great course to start learning Chinese.
Good For beginners. Sounds and pronunciation is good
It´ll be great if you could show us how to write 汉子。
more reading material like the on on the last week
Easy to understand and useful to use in real life.
My pronunciation is better because of this course.
Great class, a bit too short but I learned plenty!
Very Good Course for Beginners. Nice, Keep it Up!
This course does NOT teach you Chinese characters
The subtitle should includes Chinese characters.
Very helpful... Quizzes can include speaking...
A great introduction into the Chinese language.
Quite ok, but maybe a bit hard at the beginning
Very useful and simple presentation of modules
This course is very useful to me I love it. ;)
Great course to learn basic chinese! Xie xie!!
very clear instructor, good pace for beginners
useful for people wanna learn foreign language
I missed out the characters during the lessons
Excellent introduction to a beautiful language
The course is good and it suits for beginner.
should have provide Chinese character as well
Easy to understand, Can be used in real life
Very useful for getting started in Mandarin!
It would be nice to add characters to videos
really easy and interactive and interesting
A good step to begin to learn some Chinese.
good but i think maybe give some handout :)
Very nice but very primary level is taught.
Very good course for beginners in Chinese.
Great Chinese course for a total beginner!
very easy to follow and great explanations
very useful and elegant way of teaching .
Some other parts are wrong typed. Xie xie
Great for speaking practice and refresher
Very nice course... but very, very basic.
Easy to understand. Get more vocabulary.
Easy to understand I will practice more
Very Hard To speak But Great Course !!!
Very good lessons. Slow and progressive
I have completed course. Easy to learn
easy to understand, the note is good!
Should teach how to write Chinese too
The course was really informational.
It is very interesting!! I love it!!
It is very convenient for learning.
Great course! Highly recommendable.
A good course to begin with Chinese
Very easy to finish. Great course.
It was such an amazing experience!
great flatform to learn language.
It help a lot..Nice work Valuable
good course.. it helps thank you.
Excelent course from beginners!!
good and interesting to leaning
pictures in tests are too small
Chinese introduction made easy.
This program was very use full.
Very Well framed easy to learn
The course is too short for me
Funny learning for beginers :)
Thanks you for your teaching.
It is very good course for me
I highly recommend this! :)
good and easy to understand
very good for quarantining
A Good course for Beginner
too easy and no characters
really good for beginners
Not bad for the beginning
v good and I learn v easy
Hardly any Chinese words
UN CURSO MUY INTERESANTE
Excellent and well paced
It has a way better pace
Better to add characters
this course was good !!
Missing chinese writing
I need the writing part
Good for the beginner.
i learned. very good.
cool for the begining
very well-structured
Help me learn a lot.
Intuitive and Fun
Good job, thanks.
Simple and nice!!
Quiz is too easy
need more vocab
it was an amazing class. perfect class to take for who works full time. few additional notions every week. the teacher patiently repeats several time ervy sentence to help with pronunciation. Thanks
This course is excellent. It gives thorough introduction into language without going into too much unnecessary details. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to start learning Chinese from scratch.
This is fantastic effort from Peking University, for those who want to learn Chines. it just amazing. chines is very interesting language.....where we need to care of even sounds of a sentence......
Recently I moved to Hong Kong, and learning Chinese language is always in my mind. I heard from many saying that Chinese is very tough language and difficult to learn. With that fear in my mind I joined this course, I want to give many thanks to Professor Xiaoyu Liu, very simple way she help me to get friendship with Chinese language. From the last one and half month I don’t realize when I am also using simple small words while interacting with my colleague in office here in Hong Kong or interacting with the people in restaurants.

This course been milestone for my learning mandarin language journey, still far to go but here I can say I started the journey. Once again, many thanks to professor Xiaoyu Liu who designed very simple, interactive course and help to connect the Chinese language.

Thank you Professor Xiaoyu Liu, Thank you Coursera.
Thanks for this course. I like it and this language really so necessary for me and my job. My company in New Zealand - ESKA Ltd (www.eskaltd.co.nz, eskaltd.com) and we are work with aliens from China.
She teaching very well! Easy to understand, her accent is very clear to understand, lesson is very useful to and might can use it for real. Thank you for lovely teaching and lovely lesson Thank you
Very helpful course with great contents and a great view of teaching. I learned a lot and am very much satisfied with this course. I will now go on with the HSK coursed offered by Peking University.
I think it's a very useful and concise Chinese course. It will be very good for my trip to China.
Easy to understand. Short teachings, it's easy to remember. For the instructor: Thank you for your effort in creating the program.
Best course for basic Chinese.
Helpful course, now I know a bit of daily Chinese and I am planning to learn more about it.
Ni hao! I am an Indian, and I didn't know how to pronounce Chinese words; hence, I  have had enrolled in the course Chinese for Beginners under Xiaoyu Liu ma'am. Ma'am is very helpful and has helped me to understand basics in Chinese. Now, I can speak and understand Chinese properly. My little brother Mrigangka has also put the same effort in this course and earned a certificate also. Xiexie ni.
Awesome experience it was a comprehensive and informative course. I learnt alot. Thank you coursera for providing us such a nice and global platform to enhance skills and knowlegde by sitting at home.
the videos are shorts which makes the course nice
A wonderful course for beginners.
I was amazed even during the first week of learning here. Teacher Xiaoyu Liu was excellent (I wish I could also give 5 stars to the teacher and the university as well, which would be 15 stars in total)! I would practice using an app that allowed voice recognition. Every time I repeated after Teacher Xiaoyu Liu and used the app, I nailed it. Then, I realized I had to keep repeating after her over and over again. I previously tried other places like using apps to learn, but nothing compared to what I found here. This course just wakes up my appetite to really get to learn and speak Mandarin like a native. The challenge just got started because I want Mandarin Chinese to soon be added as the 5th to the list of languages I can speak, and I want to speak fluently.  Thank you Pinking University, Coursera, Teacher Xiaoyu Liu and everyone who made this possible!Duō xiè nǐ men (多谢你们)!
Fine sensible teacher, excellent enunciation and pacing.  I shall be returning to this course every few months to keep improving my pronunciation bit by bit. It is impossible to recommend this course too highly for beginners -- and I say this as an expert on introductory languages.  I have been English-French bilingual as a child, and Japanese-English as an adult.  In addition I have learned six or eight languages at the tourist level, and can do "Hello, I'm here from the gas company, to read yur meter..." plus thank you, which way?  Where's the light switch? and so forth in 24. (I live in Toronto, so there are lots of languages around...)This means I've seen both good and bad language courses. This course is one of the good ones.
It was great to learn from such a talented teacher, Hope this will open doors of opportunity and will help me achieve my goals. Very High regard for my teacher Xiaoyu Liu. Thank you very much, ma'am.
Awesome  Instructor and course. It was the best Chinese course for Beginners.
I have certainly enjoyed this online course to get the basics of Chinese, and I do believe the way it was done has been a great compromise between time and information being shown (that is, the course is really fast to finish with, yet very important information is being given; and on the other hand, not many deep details on grammar are being given, yet various important stuff are definitely discussed). I would certainly recommend it to people who want to get a hint about how does the chinese language work.The first lessons were extremely useful to learn the way chinese is written and accentuated, the numbers, the colours, the time...All that very simple information which actually makes us feel we start to understand the language itself. However, I must admit that the last lessons (the application of basic language to various daily contexts) were certainly difficult. It was still easy to associate concepts and remember them for some time, but the variety of words is so complex that, I admit it myself, after a few hours it is fairly difficult to remember everything you just did. Some mnemotechnic rules will anyway help a lot to learn some expressions, and I am sure I will never forget those. Overall, I am really happy to have spent some weeks finishing this course to understand the basics of chinese and never say I do not understand the language at all. I thank Professor Xiaoyu Liu for the time to prepare it, and wish her all the best of successes on getting more people to study her courses. Thank you.
The course was really nice, with a lot of useful and interesting topics and a very good teacher. The pace of the learning was easy and the extended exercises helped to practice a lot more. I'm excited for continuing my learning!
Great job Xiǎoyǔ lǎoshī, xièxiè.
This course is fit to any foreigner beginners in chinese language. It makes me feel like chinese isn't complicated that I have thought. This chinese teacher explains very clarify. :)
I think if it will be better if it has Chinese character in video. (or I just didn't know how to see it)
Course is a little disorganized, and sounds are a little difficult to hear sometimes (in the exercises where you're asked to distinguished sounds, but I guess that's the point of those exercises. I don't quite understand the self-study videos because they're already in the main lesson videos, but otherwise, this is a wonderful course. I mean, I already speak a tonal language so the tones are easy for me, but they shouldn't be too difficult for non-tonal speakers too. Otherwise, this course gets you through the basics pretty quickly without too much emphasis on vocabulary or grammar and without Chinese characters; if you're keen, you'll pick up the grammar as you go along.On a more technical note, the videos could be of better resolution, but that's not going to impede the course progression or anything. Kudos to this course's contributors!
If you want to learn some Mandarin and you are not sure where to start...just start here with this Course. It is all verbal and conversational. You do not have to learn Chinese characters and if you have been thinking, "No, Chinese is too hard to pronounce, its a "tonal ;language", blah blah whine whine "...please believe me, Professor Liu Xiaoyu is going to turn that entire generalization on its head and kick it out of the room. She speaks slow and patiently and if you can pronounce the words "seesaw, Jane Eyre, washer-dryer, car, how, why, and maybe" , then, you can pronounce Mandarin. Whats more...you will be understood. Its a seven week course at your own pace and it covers a lot of ground. You will not be disappointed and you will be amazed what you can learn from her. Try it.
I really enjoyed this.  Its main strong point is that the pronunciation is very clearly modelled, for students to copy.  It covers quite a lot of ground.  There are a lot of words in it, but many of them are recycled in later lectures, which helps them to stick.  There isn't any grammar explanation, so if you like studying languages more analytically, this might not be the course for you, although as I said, I'd still recommend it if you are new to Chinese pronunciation.  The only thing I wasn't particularly impressed by were the quizes, which were a bit easy, but I suppose they want the course to be accessible to as many people as possible, and not to put people off for fear of failing.  Thanks for making this course available.
Not to difficult for someone who has never spoken a word of Chinese before and also very comprehensive! For anyone interested in taking this course, I would suggest supplementing it with Peking University's Chinese Characters for Beginners course in order to gain a better understanding of some of the sentence structures and individual words that you will run into while taking it. Also, make sure to take notes to remember the various phrases you will learn! This was the first class I completed on Coursera and I am very satisfied and felt as though I gained a lot of practical knowledge! It's also not too difficult to complete and I would definitely recommend it for someone who wants to learn something new in their free time :)
This course was so much fun. I enrolled on a whim and thoroughly enjoyed it. I'm going to review a few of the modules again to solidify some of the concepts. The videos were all short--maybe less than 5 minutes each, so you have time to absorb what you've learned. If I did it again, I would do a quick review of the previous week's videos before starting the next group to make sure that I was really up to speed. The instructor did a good job organizing and presenting the information. Although it's an introductory course, it covers a lot of area. Numbers, food, hobbies/activities, seasons, months, days, directions, introductions and common phrases were some of the things that I learned.
For long years since my childhood, I wanted to learn Chinese. I used to listen to songs, radio news, etc. in Chinese. But the general overview was that its a difficult language to learn. So, the desire of learning the language was always unfulfilled. And finally, I landed up in this course. And finally, I understood that I can learn Chinese. It's a wonderful feeling now, that I can go further and master this language. I would like to thank Prof. Xiaoyu Liu and Peking University for developing this course, so beautifully, that I am more interested in the language than ever. I will keep on learning this amazing language and one day, I can pronounce to the world that I know Chinese !!!
As languages and foreing cultures lover who has taken more than one language course I can say that I really liked this one, I enioyed it so much that I finished it earlier than expected. The way the information was introduced at every chapter, allowing you to move on and understand each and every word and concept was amazing,. The phonetic's lessons where very simplified and the teacher had the courtesy to repeat the words slowly, at the end it was not that hard. But do not take it for granted, inspite of the fact it is for beginners and the teacher goes step by step, it is quite challenging.I highly reccommend this course, you will not regret taking it.
As the week goes by towards the end of the lesson, everything is getting harder and messier for a non-native like me haha! But it's not meant in a bad way though and in fact, it's very enlightening to learn new words in a different language! The course really challenges us to put an extra mile by taking notes and to listen to the pronunciation carefully. I honestly confessed that I would not be able to recall more than 50% of the content that I've learnt throughout the weeks. The best way for us learner to be able to memorise highlighted points is to keep on reading the notes and speaking with others for the sake of practising. Thank you Prof! Xie Xie!
"Chinese for Beginners" is the best online resource I have found for learning a language.  Professor Xiaoyu Liu's presentations are clear and easy to follow.  Lectures build on content presented previously.  The quizzes provide immediate feedback.  The features that I found particularly helpful was the ability to pause after hearing a word, phrase, or sentence the professor said so I could repeat it several times before resuming the lecture.  I also appreciated being able to repeat the quizzes as one way of reviewing the material.  I hope that Peking University offers another online course for those who have completed "Chinese for Beginners."
Coursera Chinese for beginners is an outstanding language course.  I like everything about it. Xiaoyu Liu is an excellent teacher.  She doesn't brush over any details and she pronounces all the new words so well that it becomes easier and easier to learn the best way to speak  clearly.  I highly recommend this language program to anyone who really wants to learn and study the Chinese language and anyone who likes to learn at a steady and consistent pace from their computer at home.  Thank you Xiaoyu Liu and thank you Coursera for all the wonderful things I've learned here!
The instructor goes over a lot of material that would be necessary to hold a basic conversation.  I really like that she puts emphasis on pronouns and connector words and explains what each individual word's meaning is, instead of having you memorize random sentences without truly letting you know what the literal translation is.  I've used Google Translate, Culture Alley and a couple of other sites which have all helped me learn the language but I can honestly say that this course has made the biggest impact for the small amount of time that I've been taking it.
I’ve been trying to learn Chinese for a while and the hardest part for me was to keep practicing and learning regularly. The fact that this course is divided into weeks and that the tests are due at certain times really helped me! This is just what I needed and the fact that it doesn’t penalize you if you don’t take the tests in time is a really good idea, no unnecessary stress :) Also it’s cool to have subtitles! Even if I understand English pretty well, it’s not my first language so it really helped at some times. Anyways, this was so cool, 谢谢你！！
This was a special course where I could develop some skills in this new language. Sometimes it's hard to be out of our boundries to see other things, but if we want to learn, we can do it. This cours helped me to understand: (1) the structure of sentences, (2) Some special words used with questions, (3) many new vocabulary, (4) the used tones. That was quiet clear in pronunciation and writting. And (5) another view to learn this language as an effective way with calm and on my way. I want to try some of the other courses to continue learning!
Since this is a beginner course, there are no Chinese characters reading required, they use pinyin to represent the characters. However, if you have some background in reading Chinese character, it will be helpful to pass this course, and maybe this course will be too easy for anybody who have studied Chinese before. I encountered some new vocabularies here, which I have never studied before, but it is still not enough to satisfy my needs. Overall, this course is recommended to get used to listening Chinese language practice in daily life.
Really liked the course - a straightforward and clear introduction to the Chinese language that will capture your attention, regardless of your Chinese learning goals.Extremely useful for absolute beginners who want to get an idea of the language - how can you say everyday but essential things about yourself, as well as to familiarize yourself with the phonetics of Mandarin Chinese.Recommended for beginners and people who are considering to give Chinese learning another try. (like I did). :)
Wǒ hěn róngxìng yǒu jīhuì cānjiā zhècì zhōngwén kè. Wǒ xué dàole hěnduō dōngxī, kěyǐ zài yǔ gāi dìqū zhōngguó gōngyìng shāng de rìcháng jiāoliú zhōng shǐyòng. Wǒ gǎnxiè Xiaoyu Liu , lǎoshī fēicháng qīngxī de jiàoxué. Xièxiè.  I am grateful for the opportunity and privileged to participate in this Chinese Lesson. I learned a lot and I can use it in everyday communication with Chinese vendors around the area. I am grateful to Teacher Xiaoyu Liu, for her very clear teaching. Thanks.
I enjoyed learning Chinese which I had no prior knowledge of this language before enrolling this course. I tried hard to imitate the teacher's sounds. Anyway, the content of the course is very useful and based on what I would like to know. I'll keep practice and one day I'll go to China to speak this language with people there. Thank for very much for offering a seven-week online course for everyone. I really appreciated that and thanks the teacher and Peking university again.
Excellent format for learning Mandarin. I would recommend this course with the goal of obtaining a certificate for this important course for the modern age; the idea is for this course to only be a beginning to many more that increase in difficulty and information. China is a world power and understanding the language and culture of the people of China will make the two countries, USA and China, have a better understanding and hopefully peaceful co-existence as global powers.
I had learned Chinese before and I also started to review what I had learned recently. Some of the sentences in this course I'm already familiar with. However, what I like most about the course is that it also focuses on the pronunciation, which I'm not really good at. In addition to that, learning using only Pinyin is really easy to follow because you do not have to remember the difficult written characters of Chinese. Thank you very much for an informative course!
To me as an english and spanish speaker, it has always been a little bit hard to approach any side of the chinese culture. I live in the northern City of Chile: Calama, where all the chinese culture we get is the food and the plastic products... I find this course very well structured and am very grateful for having the oppotunity to be part of the increasing number of people interested not just in the language but also on the whole chinese culture. Thanks again!!!
It's very good. you can follow along easily and can apply what you learned in everyday life!Perfect for a beginner or those who have some experiment and want to brush your brain :)   I really like studying online as I could go fast or slow by myself. The course itself has divided into 7 weeks. But It took me around 4 hrs to finish all the video materials and reading :D Glad to come across here and will definatetly keep it up to the higher level :) xiexie laoshi
Peking University's Chinese for Beginners course has been very interesting and comprehensive in covering the basics that would be truly useful and stimulating for beginners. The course has had simple yet adequate approach in teaching and assessing students' learning. For better practicing of conversations and lessons, it might be helpful if actual dialogues between the lecturer and a co-teacher were presented for the students to hear and learn from.
Excellent beginners course in Mandarin.  The teacher introduces new words using pinyin in each 3-4 minute lesson and the content is reviewed in a quiz.  The content is limited to reading and pronouncing pinyin words, which is perfectly acceptable to me since I'm supplementing this course with other in person classes.  I love the 4 minute classes 4 times per week, since I never felt like I'm so far behind the deadlines that I can't catch up.
This course is very useful for people who just started to learn Chinese. It is well-paced, every week has 4-5 sections with a 3 minute video in the beginning that introduces new words and or grammar point.  The topics are useful and the vocabulary and grammar that we learn are at HSK 1 level. The quizzes are short and the deadlines motivate you and help you keep track. I also really liked our professors voice and the way she spoke Chinese.
I really enjoyed this course. The presenter was lovely. She was easy to follow and very clear in her speaking. She taught me how to speak sentences and questions. And she presented me with a lot of new vocabulary which I know I will have to sit down and learn. It is a great refresher course if you have tried to learn Chinese before. There is nothing threatening about it. I hope a follow-up course will be created. I will definitely do it.
A wonderfull introduction for beginners in Chinese. This was my first Chinese lesson ever, and i really enjoyed it : easy to understand. The teacher speaks very slowly and repeats each word/sentence 2 times, so we have time to train our ears to the "chinese speaking music". :-)This course focuses on oral chinese only (speaking and understanding), but you can go further and use other online ressources to learn reading/writing chinese too.
I love this course because I'll be trying to learn Chinese by my-self. For the first time, it quite difficult for me because I didn't learn Chinese before but after that, it will be better and I like it so much.I would like to say thank you for the teacher on this course very much, she is a good teacher. She's explained to an easy way to understand and feel funny to learn.I feel wonderful and very happy to get this course.
Short Lectures and a quick test after each one really helped me to learn. If you're devoted, the course can be actually finished in way shorter time. Offers real knowledge on beginner's Chinese. Focuses more on the spoken than the written word, in order to make it easier for those that don't know how to read the Chinese alphabet, or are intimidated by it. In general, that was a great course, totally recommended! Xiexie!
I absolutely loved the course, it was tough at the beginning but the teacher gives you examples and makes observations on the pronounciations and repeatedly reminds you how to pronounce the words. So that really helps your ear to open to the different sounds and vowels, and you get better with every assignment. Also the extra exercises helps you to get a better understanding of the Chinese culture, weather, food, etc.
I loved this course , so good, now I have the basic notions to start a conversation in Chinese. Thanks to the creators of this course for giving me the opportunity to do it, I recommend it so muchi./Me encantó este curso, muy bueno, ahora ya tengo las nociones básica para entablar una conversación en chino. Gracias a los creadores de este curso por darme la oportunidad de poder realizarlo, lo recomiendo bastante.
This course was dynamic and amazing.  I found myself returning to the interface after class was completed to see if there was a second class to continue progress.  I felt depleted to find there is no other course to continue the learning in this area.  Thank so much.  I really got a great deal out of this course and pray I can revisit it to practice off an on, while I am taking other Coursera courses for TESOL.
The course "Chinese for Beginners" is a good introduction for the "fresh meat" of those striving to learn the Chinese  Language and has got all it takes to get you immersed into the language. You just have to find your individual method of staying in it. I will also do the Chinese character for Beginners course, which seems promising. As already mentioned, it all depends on your effort, time and motivation!
Language sounds, vocabulary, and grammar are the first steps in the language learning process, and this course focus right in these aspects in a very effective way. After taking some courses on Mandarin Chinese, I am pretty sure this is the most friendly and best choice for somebody that has never studied this language - or need / wish to improve ground concepts in pronunciation vocabulary and grammar.
According to the current situation in the world, Chinese is gradually intervened into our life, so It is recommended to take this, for its lessons allow you to grab many useful and essential terms or idioms with regards to the Chinese language. The course and instruction is not that tricky, but it grants the learners for getting involved into the environment of the daily Chinese, which is very handful.
Great beginner course! I think focusing on pinyin to start is a good idea, I feel like adding characters right away would have been too confusing. It's not super intensive, so even a really busy person should be able to squeeze in their work during the week. Overall, I definitely recommend it! Even if you forget lessons quickly, you'll come away with some basic phrases and how to pronounce pinyin.
Excellent course. In my opinion, you will make more of it if you have previously studied basic Chinese. It's an excellent way to learn correct pronunciation of words (based on pinyin). This is focused on basic every day conversations. The teacher talks very clearly and marks the tones. This is a crucial part of Chinese speaking, which by experience is the most difficult part. Great experience.
this website is very helpful for me and for people who would like to learn what they are interested in. Moreover, I interested in Chinese but during this situation (Covid 19) I have to drop my plan, but my friend told me that this website has multi of programs  I can learn and also it all for free. Eventually, I know some basic words and can speak Chinese that is my propose. thank you so much
Thanks to Xiaoyu Liu for an amazing class.  It is very helpful to see and hear the unfamiliar sounds or phonetics of the Chinese Language from the Instructor, Xiaoyu Liu. This is better than Rosetta Stone which is very expensive and the disc set or software expires in two years.  I will take an advance course in Chinese; also, will take a course in reading and writing Chinese characters.
First and foremost I would like to thank instructor for guiding us and teaching us thoroughly.  I enjoyed this course very much and I wish it could go on for more weeks. Thank you for this wonderful opportunity. Now I am more confident with my Chinese speaking skills.  Thank you for upgrading my skills with these amazing classes every week. It was always fun to be part of this course.
Helpful tips and explanations. Good explanation of the four tones. Examples are illustrated in clear contexts. I liked the course very much, so I finished it successfully in three days. I will now continue with the next course. Mrs. Xiaoyu Liu explains quite well! I had an A1 Chinese mandarin certificate (2007) and needed a refreshing course to start again, it was a perfect decision!!
Really this course is very helpful. I learned many things from this course especially directions, weather,sports,time and many more things. Thank you so much to Xiaoyu Liu LAOSHI. You really did a great job. I suggest this course to all beginners who want to learn Chinese. As i am a student of Harbin Institute of Technology and i already know some basics but this course help me alot.
I had been interested in learning Chinese. I have completed this course. It has helped me a lot. I specially thank the course instructor Associate Professor Xiaoyu Liu, the Peiking University and the Coursera Team for providing such a good course for free.I once again thank my instructor. I will respect her if I ever meet her. Her teaching method was very polite and understandable.
I like this course because it does not follow the traditional way of immersion when teaching a language. It uses a bilingual approach and focuses on the speaking and listening aspects of the language which I strongly believe it is the best way to start learning a new language. Of course the accent the totally Beijing accent since it is a Chinese university, so keep that in mind.
Currently living in Taiwan with some mandarin background and this was helpful in understanding grammar (sentence structure) and vocab. Although it's a different dialect, it helped with pronunciation and context of the language. It would be helpful to see some chinese characters, but I understand it's a beginner's course so that may confuse many newcomers. All in all, thank you!!
I loved this course! The professor is fantastic and I found it very helpful in learning a base of the language. While it isn't a course that will make you fluent in Chinese, it sets you up for the future of learning more and being able to speak the basics and to pick up on words when someone is talking to you in Chinese. Overall worth the time as long as you put in the effort!
Excellent course! The professor was amazing, very calm and clear when speaking. I learned not only the basic of Chinese, but a lot about their culture and costumes. I am really glad for being able to do this course, it was a great experience and opportunity. Many thanks to the professor, University, Coursera and everyone involved at this modern form of classroom!
For someone who had no knowledge of the Chinese language, this course has taught me so much. I've had an opportunity to practice my pronunciations and everyday conversations with the native speaker without even knowing anything in Chinese beforehand. I've gained confident to further my knowledge in the Chinese language. This course was very fun and detailed.
This program is worth it! It took me about the second week to get used to the tones but once I did I really took off. I've learned around 300 words and phrases. The teacher is great! She teaches you in sentences so you can actually communicate and understand Mandarin in everyday life. You still have to apply yourself but it's a skill that's worth the effort.
Wonderful! Im learning chinese since 9 years but i dont practice it. I would like to go to China next year for my exchange program. This course will help me to leave their and to ask what i need during my daily life. So i will be able to pratice the language and perform myself on place.Thanks again !Perfect teacher and the progam is all what everybody need.
Thank you, Ms Liu. Although i'm not beginner at all, but i still studied something new here. The course is soooooooooo interesting that a person who haven't studied Chinese yet can learn manything, cuz it is just pinyin, with alphabets, not Chinese words at all, which make foreinger fell better when she firstly touch on this  :3Thank you soooooo muchhhhhhh
As my first intro to learning Chinese, I found it enjoyable course, I found the tutor to be very good and I understood her well. An excellent presentation, short videos with plenty of exercises . I didn't pay for the certificate! One nice to have would be use of Chinese characters as well as pinyin - would have help to become familiar with from beginning.
I understand that everyone learns differently, and this course may not be for everyone; however, for me and people who learn like me, this course is ideal. The lessons were very straightforward and clear. I quizzes were exactly what you learned from the lessons before with no tricks or catches. I LOVED every second of this course. 10/10 would Recommend!!
The teacher was very clear and gave information at a nice, comfortable pace. I really liked the format of the class: vocabulary and grammar structures, dialogues, short quiz, and extra practice. The way she made distinctions between correct and incorrect pronunciation of certain pinyin combinations was really helpful, too. Excellent and enjoyable course!
I am happy to learn this Chinese language. It is difficult in the beginning, but as time passes by, I gradually understand what is the instructor's speaking. She taught in easy way and had simple example. Nevertheless, there are some examples that did not show in her screen and sometimes there were no translations in the screen. Overall, great job!
I thought this was an excellent entry level course. I spent 10 months living in China, and was self-taught to a large extent. This course helped clear up some things I have been saying incorrectly, was simple enough to learn, yet useful for someone just starting out. I hope more advanced courses are created, I love learning the Mandarin language.
This was a great basic course that introduced simple pronunciation and words that can easily be transformed into building blocks for learning more Chinese. The instructor was excellent in her explanations and her articulation was extremely helpful in guiding the learner through each video. Thanks for much for a great introduction to Chinese!
It was a really good beginner's course. The professor carefully pronounced each word. I loved the fact that she repeated everything. It made it easier to follow and learn.I know the focus was more on speaking and listening, but it would've been nice to have optional Chinese characters written out as we were learning rather than at the end.
It's not my first time to take a beginners course in Chinese so I already know some of the words and phrases, but this course was a good refresher course, too. The lessons were short and easy to remember. I think the expressions taught were also very practical. I hope there is a second part so I can continue my lessons in Chinese. Xie xie!
It is a great course for anyone who wishes to learn Chinese from the absolute basics. She teaches in a manner that is very simplified and a manner in which everyone can understand. I feel that I couldn't find a better course for learning Chinese. After this course, you will be competent enough to say the most basic things about yourself.
Thanks a lot for your teaching chinese words, pronounciation, day today activities in very simple and understanding method. it really creates interest in it. I am very happy to select the course and completed. Thanks to coursera for such a wonderful learning site and many more courses . Definitely it is advisable to opt corsera. Thanks.
Never expected that the Chinese language is so interesting. I'm so sorry that I have completed all weeks! I'm grateful for my pretty teacher. Thanks to her I would like to go on learning Chinese. I'll be in China on the 27th of August 2015. I hope my knowledge will help me to orientate in this country. Sincerely, Nataliya, Kyiv, Ukraine
This course was really amazing. It taught me basic needs to communicàte in Chinese. I loved the way the guide teached which patience , politeness and I loved this course a lot. Thank you😍 . Will learn more through coursera and if I get a chance, I'm happy enough that I'll go to China and experience my learnings through this course. 😊
Excellent course, which is well balanced.This course helps you understand phonetics and tones, as well as increases your vocabulary and helps start speaking Chinese.
A great teacher helps in this.
Her English is perceived as a native language for students.
She is very accessible and explains everything in detail. Xiaoyu Liu  thank you.
This course is good for people who want to learn intensive chinese. especially for people who likely to travel to China or even having a chinese friends to talk with. I'm have learned a lot of chinese words and phrases , and I'm pretty sure that it will enhance my language skill for the work position in the future. Thank you. xie xie
I think it was quite a nice course, nevertheless I think we need more time to practice and some more exercises. Mandarin is not an easy language and practice makes it all.It would be nice to have some short videos rehearsing the vocabulary we just learned. It would help us memorize the difficult words.  Congatulations to the teacher.
I highly appreciate the efficiency of our dear moderator.  Thank you very much for making your video lectures interactive and for providing extended exercises. But I do request to record the following in an increased volume: Tones & Simple Finals video, Initials and the Finals with nasal endings. Once again Thank you very much!!! :)
One of the best language classes I have attended in my life. conceptual and easy to use. I used to think chinese is the hardest language of all, but her presentation skill really impressed me and I understood whatever she taught us. I would say she is really a nice teacher and I would like to have more advance courses from her.
it was perfect to learn Chinese from this course and I really loved how Chinese is so beautiful and I have enrolled in the other course of the teacher because she is really cute and I love her thank you for teaching us I am very grateful and I will learn  more about Chinese because you are the reason that I loved the language
I was studying chinese for myself, and i learned many things, but i think that with this course i learned more grammar and pronunciation. I have learned many things here, i'll still practicing for do my best. This is a nice course, you should try it! And the teacher looks like a peaceful person. i think i'll mis her! Regards!
The course starts very basic which is good if this is your first time learning Chinese.A bit of warning; if you take this course you must work hard and practice, but don't worry there is not to much work. This course is not my favorite but it is very good and it's cons get canceled out because the teacher is really excellent.
Very useful for beginners. she speaks very slow and keeps repeating the words until you get it. I really recommend this course for anyone who wants to start learning Chinese. I wish they offer free certificate for the ones who complete the course. Anyway, I hope to see more courses from this university to learn more Chinese
Although I come from a Chinese-speaking family, I've never been able to pronounce things correctly. While I understand Chinese, I generally reply with English. This was my first Chinese course, and it has greatly improved my ability to communicate with people like my grandparents who have difficulty understanding English.
I enjoy this class very much.  The instructor is very informative, patient, and easy to learn from from.   I feel encouraged to want to go further and learn more with every passing week. It is an honor to be able to take this class and learn from such an extraordinary professor.  Thank you for making this available to us!
Great execution of a diverse range of materials, simple to understand and moving at a good pace. The only (small) consideration is the nature of how the content is given, namely; listing grammar each week to learn. However, given the nature of the platform, this is not something that can easily be solved - so five stars!
这个课太好了！我喜欢了，恭喜了！我不久想去中国，但中国在很远！我想去中国继续学习中文！我太兴奋！谢谢你！。。。if you know how could I apply for next level chinese lessons I would appreciate it, or if you know how could I apply for scholarships to study at a distance please write to me, I'm from colombia and is too far away, but I love 中文! 我的电邮: angiemercadoching@gmail.com
Made learning complex material much more enjoyable! I learned so much and enjoyed it. The teacher is very sweet and works hard at getting you to understand. She is also very intelligent. They say if you cant explain something in simple terms you dont know it. She explains very very well! I am thankful for this course!
I absolutely recommend this course. The teacher is great at explaining, she makes it very easy for you to understand the basics of this language. The lenght of the videos is good because they're neither too short nor too long, the topics are entertaining and the difficulty of the tests is the appropiate to the level.
I'm so sad that this course is complete! This was a wonderful class with a very good instructor whose logical and gentle approach made learning easy! I would highly recommend making additional courses in Chinese language. Luckily, there is a class in Chinese characters available, but I would love to see Xiaoyu Liu!
Generally good course for beginners, can be easily followed especially for busy people. Topics are well structured and focused on the pronunciation too. Maybe need only at least a peer-reviewed assginment to verify our understanding on some, if not all, of the topics mentioned to further enhance our learning. 谢谢你!
I have really enjoyed learning Chinese everyday with this course. It's been clear and easy to understand and a pleasure to watch the videos/take the quizzes! Thank you so much for a wonderful introduction-I am looking forward to starting your next course and learning lots more, before I move to Shanghai next year!
Thanks a million, Dr. Xiaoyu Liu for a very condensed course that covers basic daily conversations. The course not only brings beginners fundamental conversation sentence structures with simple vocabulary but also very clear pronunciation and intonation, accompanied with an enthusiastic delivery manner. Thank you!
I found this course very useful and interesting. I mean, it was difficult for me in the first week of this course. However, I began to understood that Chinese is something that should be learned with these three aspects: Interest, Patience and Concentration. Then onwards, I started doing very well in this course.
Thank you for providing me such a wonderful possibility to study Chinese!!! It's awesome thats now I can say standart and so important things in it!I didn't purchaise the course, because I just like to study languages, that are "difficult" for others. Its a kind of hobby :) Wish you luck in all of your beginnings
This is a great course. The teacher is very good at teaching. Students are able to answer quizzes through watching lecture videos. And there are also extended exercises and  reading to practice more. The teaching is with pictures ,so we can easily remember what the word is. I recommend you to attend this course.
I love this course, it helped me improve my Chinese communication skill. I've learned to pronounce correctly and read in pinyin as well.Each video is pretty short and easy to catch up. Teacher is very great, her pronunciation to each word is very clear both in Chinese and English. Thank you very much! Xie xie!
Teacher is great. With her calm and kind voice, she makes chinese so easy to pronounce. The course is very well structured and flexible. It covers all basic topics for a beginner in very short time and effort. It also gives the opportunity to practise more if you are so lucky to have time to do it. Thank you!
This course is good for beginners. They teach you all the necessary things without making it hard for you. After this course, I can talk on different topics, not only about my family and hobbies but also how to communicate while shopping and how to explain how I feel in case I am sick. I highly recommend it.
I had to speed as usual but it was a fantastic experience. I would like to do a course with a Japanese lady that looks like my mother, it would be the best way to hook people to learn a language. I enjoyed very much with this chinese lady, she was marvellous. congratulations to the coursera team and to her.
Great videos, awesome explanations, amazing background history, fun ad libs, and professionally done!! I am looking forward to sharing my new skills and hopefully taking all subsequent courses offered in this series. She has ignited my desire/excitement to learn Chinese! Where is course 2 already?!?!??! :)
I have learned a lot from the course. I just hope that I was able to submit the activities and exercises I did. And someone will check the grammar/structure of my sentences.The review quizzes are quite short, some of the test are not more than ten items. Looking forward for another free lessons. Thank you
One should keep in mind that the course is only a guidance. It is way not enough to achieve any fluency. But it is a good starting point. The teacher is charming, and the vocabulary you are going to learn is really useful in many real life situations. Just keep practicing independently as much as you can!
This course is exactly what i’m looking for. Learn chinese without chinese alphabet, this might sounds strange but I gain much more when I study any language by learn how to speak first. Finally, I would like to thank you my teacher, Liu laoshi, for the best chinese learning experience ever! xiexie ni 🥰
Chinese is a wonderful yet a hard language to learn for a non native speaker. But this course has been designed in such a way that, anyone who has zero exposure about the Chinese language and culture, can truly gain confidence to learn and use short Chinese phrases in daily routine. Highly recommended.
This course is beginner-friendly, very easy to understand and learn. The instructor has an amazing voice with clear pronunciation in both Chinese and English. The course covers a wide range of conversational topics that are familiar and useful in daily life. Thank you very much for a fantastic program!
The course is very helpful to me. I have learned some basic Chinese for communication purposes. The topics are really popular and familiar with learners. I really like the teacher's method, voice, and speed, which I found suitable for beginners. The course helps me interested more in learning Chinese.
Best course for a beginner, I have begun communicating in Chinese these days with the locals, and tend to understand better. Just a suggestion: pronunciation of the initials and finals could be taught with equivalent examples from English language, since that is the only challenge that i faced here
It is one of the best courses ever taken. It has lots of good example and simple ways of explaining. It is the best training for beginners to learn Chinese. I like it so much and especially the short quizzes after each section helped to learn the language. Thanks for having this treasure overhear.
This course is very elementary and provides you with all tools you need to start learning Chinese for good. The material is very well structured and after these basics, especially in pronouncing, i am confident that i am able to move forward to the next level. Thank you for such an amazing course!
Hi, I found this course so informative. The contents are truly fruitful. I recommend all the Chinese beginners to take this instructive course in order to learn the Chinese basics. I sincerely thank to all the team who have provided this amazing platform. Best regards,Ahmad Shah NawazyAfghanistan
The course was really nice and easy to understand. I think it might have been better if it would have gone a little bit faster. There is so much vocabulary and it is so well explained by professor Xiaoyu Liu. I would highly recommend this course for anyone willing learn some useful basic phrases.
i thought that learning this language would be difficult but this website makes it just so easy and fun to learn.I just absolutely love this website,i really recomend this ypo people who are very low on studies or to people who want learn more.This is a very,very,very good website,one of the bast
This is the best course I have come across.Easily comprehensible course material taught in the most Interactive way.The course Instructor is very lively and will make you learn even if you don't want to.A must recommended for all.(So that all can understand basic pronunciation of Chinese words).
this course was really very helpful,, I have learnt a lots of things and daily life conversations,and now i can tell that i am 50% fluent to talk into mandarin  with daiy life converstion, I think as a beginners all should take this course to be fluent and gain some basic knowledge of mandarin.
Overall, this course give us a very good material for someone who started to learn Chinese. The lecturer also did a great job, whether it's her explaination or her pronounciation. One suggestion, it would be better to include the chinese charater so we can learn to read or write it. Thank you,
An exceptional course, which takes you from complete ignorance o a simple understanding of the Chinese sintax and grammar, I have learnt basic phrases which could allow me to travel within China without any problems, I would like to follow a next step . Great Course!!!! from any point of view.
This courses Chinese for Beginners is wonderful but  them should teach more about Chinese characters as well because Chinese characters have a great effect on the use of communication. If there is no learning in this area Will be able to speak only, Unable to read or write in basic knowledge.
I just discovered that Chinese isn't so difficult as many people think.  I would love to continue the studies. in order to remember the material, it is necessary to communicate with a native speaker! I hope one day I will visit China and will be able to speak Chinese with locals. Thank you.
I was learn Chinese Language before a little bit form Chinese series. I knew some words but can't speak in sentences. This course is very useful. It is not easy but not too difficult. It make me want to study more. Thank you all of participant for let everyone can study for free. Thank you.
This is very useful course! The professor describe all courses with clam and very kindly. I also love that it is an open course with no time limit so that I could enjoy and repeat every time I need. Please continue the next chapters or next Chinese language course for all of us. Thank you.
well wonderful experience, as I already know some basics before, it was a good revision and practice to recall the basics of the Chinese language. The teacher has very good command and learning style, its easy to understand. I recommend this course for beginners who want to learn Chinese.
The syllabus was very useful, you only need to learn the pronunciation and correspond them with actual things. Not too easy or too hard, all the knowledges taught are very useful. And the terms taught are reusable throughout the course, it's fun to make sentences with the template given!
The teacher is very good. It is also good that it has the words written in Mandarin at the end of the material. I just finished the course but now I am learning the Chinese characters for the vocabulary presented in these lessons. I loved this course! I will come back to revise it often.
Here in this Lecture, it can motivate deeply my interest upon using Chinese Phonetics and I know its importance for Language development. It can reinforce me to study of Chinese Language further. Moreover, I believe the vocabularies used in these lecture series are useful in daily Life.
This course helped me a lot in understanding everyday stuff or subject that may be part of conversations. It also helped me a lot in understanding that intonations are very important. I also learned the spellings of some words and that guided me a lot in properly pronouncing the words.
I spend my free time learning this course, And what I got is very worthwhile. The teacher is so amazing, she teaches easy to understand and I have received both of the knowledge and funny. I hope that I will use the knowledge that I've learned from this time to traveling in China soon.
I  recommend this course to everyone, who needs easy introduction into Chinese language. It's an amazing chance to practice tones and pinying speaking, writing easy phrases and dialogues. Definitely you will enjoy the course and its charming  and serious Teacher. I wish you good luck!
After taking this basic course my communication skill has improved a lot. I can understand a little bit better when native speakers talk. I am living in beijing and at the beginning I had problems with  listening skill as well as speking. Thanks to this course I can express myself...
With the way that the coursera infrastructure is set up, I think it really is hard not to learn anything and do well on the small assigments. You can redo the quizzes, slow down and rewatch the videos, and you can use the little review prompts as you need. I think it's a good course.
If you want basic useful Mandarin, this course is a great introduction! I am traveling to China in a few months and I am looking forward to trying to use what I've learned in the course! The teacher is easy to understand and the grammar points are straightforward. I really enjoy it!
Engaging course for beginners. The content is slow and fast enough to have enough time to learn the topics for the weeks. The lecturer is very thorough and her pronunciation is very clear. Would recommend. Although, you do have to pay for a certificate despite 'free' offers given.
The Teacher explains topics in an easy to understand manner. Her method is effective because she models the pronunciation and she uses nice images to help us understand the vocabulary. Thanks for this amazing initiative. People around the world would benefit from learning Chinese!
This course is very useful for people who want to learn how to speak Chinese in communication. However, I hope there will be pinyin added so that I can try to recognise the Chinese characters. Anyway, thanks for such a great course. I look forward to seeing more courses like this.
The course is well-designed. It gives necessary vocabulary for the beginners, moreover, there is a vocabulary list at the end which is quite useful. I enjoyed taking the course. However, in Unit 7 some of the tapes were not that clear. I'm sure to take More Chinese for Beginners.
This was my first experience with Chinese and was very friendly. At first I thought it would be really hard for me but it wasn't, the readings were easy to follow and really clear. I really enjoyed this course and recommend it for everyone who wants an approach to this languaje.
Perfect for people who have had no prior experience with asian languages and who are not very good at taking up new languages. The learning curve is not steep at all and especially when it comes to pronounciation I haven't yet seen a course where the topic is better introduced.
Great for utter beginner to learn key essentials for say tourism travel, shopping and booking tickets or hotels etc. Format of the teaching is nicely progressive and enforces you to use what you learnt across previous weeks into the week you next study, thus building practice.
Excellent course, really ideal for beginners. It was very enjoyable. The teacher is very professional, congratulations to her from me. I hope there is a second part. Highly grateful to the staff of Coursera and the University of Beijing, who made this course possible. Regards!
Teacher teach very easy to understand. Lessons are not too hard for beginner learning. All of the course don't use any Chinese alphabets at all (just only use pinyin) but in the last lesson has all vocabularies in Chinese and pinyin (also English translation).Thank you, 谢谢老师。
It was wonderful, I recommend this course to anyone that wants to start a new language, the teacher explain very well each topic, with this course and my Chinese Classes in my country, I really know a lot of things for talk to Chinese people. Don't hesitate to do this course.
This course was really good. It helped me to learn a new language, which is considered as a tough one. I am so happy that this platform helped me to achieve this privilege of learning a foreign language with very simple language along with tasks. Thank you Coursera for this.
very good for the very beginner like me, easy to understand, teacher's pronunciation so clear and understandable, video not too long or too short and cover things in daily life that we need to know. It's a very very great course :D I feel good to join this course. Thank You.
The teacher is phenomenal and a very good understanding of the subject. She never missed any single detail of the subject and also let know of what-if situations which is good to see. Overall I'm very happy with the course and I think it will really help to boost my carrier.
This course is really suitable for a completely beginner like me. But when I learn from another sources like Youtube, I found that the some expression like "Zaijian" is  really too formal and almost never used in daily conversation. But, overall it's a good starting point.
This course was presented professionally. It was well organized with the right amount of material to keep my interest.  I highly recommend this course to anyone who has a desire to learn Chinese. I look forward to any additional courses that Peking University has to offer.
Very helpful to learn the basic workings of the Chinese language. The material covered provides a solid foundation to continue studying grammar and vocabulary. It would've been nice to have chinese writing content too but it's probably better suited for a separate course.
The course is amazing! thank you for this opportunity and the collaboration with Catania university. In the first time i was afraid to start it, because we know the chinese language is difficult!! but with the course i learned many words and helpful expression . Enjoy it!
This course is good for anyone looking to learn how to speak simple Chinese. It's very thorough without going into too much detail. The phrases you learn will be helpful if you plan to travel to a Chinese speaking country or to make conversation. Thank you for the class!
The course is nicely designed for busy learners with very little or even no Chinese background knowledge. Within few weeks of fun learning, I am equipped with many popular vocabulary and useful sentences/ phrases for basic daily communication. Many thanks to Coursera!
I loved the course! Xiao Liu is an excellent teacher. She pronounces slowly and clear which makes all lessons easy to understand and follow. The additional material provided in each lesson is very helpful for practicing before answering the quizzes and submitting the
I found this lesson so valuable! I love how the video teach me and I've gained some new words in Chinese as well as using phrase. I hope there are more Chinese lessons as well as other languages!Thanks for having it online so that we can study when we have free time!
It is a good course to start learning Chinese I think, I was afraid of difficulties in pronouncing Chinese but I believe this course helped me to get used to spoken Chinese. Now I am planning to continue with Chinese learning, thanks to the course and the lecturer!
That is very nice experience for learning Chinese for beginners. hope so we should have such courses with extended models, for HSK-Level2,3,4,5 respectively in Near Future, Regards, Khoso, Nazakat Ali, PhD Scholar at Zhejiang Sci-Tech University, Hangzhou P.R.China
This course was very simple and straightforward. And our teacher has been able to explain the utterances very clearly. As a result, this course has become useful for everyone. I would like to thank the course authorities for making this course easy for everyone.
The vocabulary was adult and useful.I liked the amount of repetition; the beginner has a chance to actually hear spoken Chinese.I also liked the short sentences. A beginner can't be expected to learn long discourses, especially in a tonal language like Chinese.
CONGRATULATION TO OUR PROFESSOR IN CHINESE MADAM XIAOYU LIU FOR HAVING IMPARTING HER SKILLS TO US ALTHOUGH IT WAS A VERY DIFFICULT JOURNEY IN LEARNING CHINESE FOR BEGINNERS.  IT WAS SUCH A CHALLENGE IN SPEAKING CHINESE.  THANK YOU FOR THE OPPORTUNITY COURSERA.
Great course! It Gave me a good start and now I am very motivated to continue my journey in learning the Chinese language.However you may need to study the pinyin pronunciation rules first before having this course since it doesn't explain it in great details.
It was an awesome experience! I would totally recommend anyone to join in/enrol in the course. The professor is understandable, both English and Chinese. Useful phrases and sentences, while sentences are also covered during the course, as well as the dialogue.
The teacher's methodology is very good, little by little you fall in love with the language, and there even comes a time when you can already identify words before reading the meaning. I highly recommend it, and I look forward to taking more classes with her.
This course is good for beginner. Short and easy to understand. Don't need to deeply know all chinese language but know chinese in the situation of the daily life. It's really can use! It's good basic for learning more. Thanks Teacher and all teams. :) 谢谢老师！
my firs language is Arabic and I took some English in school and university ,  this course was easy to understand the teacher is good , I would recommend this to anyone with no experience in this language . grateful for everyone who made this course possible
It was a great experience. Thank you for sharing the basic of Chinese. But I hope you can also include some Chinese character. I understand that you might not want to confuse some participants but I think it is very important to learn some Chinese characters
Easy to complete, instructor speaks clearly with a lot of helpful repetition to help with speaking. She also points out common misunderstandings in pronunciation and spelling. I recommend taking this course, especially for pronunciation guidance. Xiexie ni!
I really enjoyed this course. Professionally done and very well structured. Never boring or too much info for a single week. Just perfect for my busy schedule. Thanks a lot! I've had my introduction to Chinese and will most likely further pursue this study.
Great course with very practical content. Mrs.  Xiaoyu Liu is a great teacher with awesome english and learning skills, excercises were very usefull and I already learned a lot from this course. I am looking forward to use these experiences in the future.
Very complete and profitable course. I achieved what I wanted. One can learn very valuable stuff if true dedication is put into the course. In the end, I realized that learning Chinese was easier than I thought. And thanks to Xiaoyu Liu, a great teacher.
I learned lot of Chinese words from this course . I think this course  is suitable for the beginner and Who  have learn Chinese before also . I can review my Chinese skill from this course. You Just spend a  bit time to study . Thank you teacher. xiexie
Good course for complete beginners.Although i would suggest more explanation for measure words. More examples will also help.Having said that, thaks once again for all your efforts. I look forward to learning more advanced chinese courses in the future.
I am very happy with this seven weeks online program. You go slowly to understand well, I think this is good way in teaching to the foreigners. I am very glad that I got a chance to learn from you dear mam. Thank you so much for your efforts and time.
it was very gratefully to learn about china and chineese languaje in this way, it was a great introduction, now i want to learn more, thanks a lot, i thougt that it was a very very dificult languaje, but im not afraid anymore thanks to this course.
The lectures were fun and easy to understand. I did find some difficulty in pronunciations, however, the quizzes helped with that as well as the explanations given by the lecturer. Thank you so much for making the Chinese language amazing to learn!
I am very much excited that I have learned one of the sweetest and  oldest language of the world. The course is excellent and very well- organised. The instructor is outstanding. Her voice is very clear, she is a well presenterband a great speaker.
I liked it so much! The teacher helped me with a lot of expressions and structures in the Chinese language. The course do not have topics in grammar, but we can see the structures and order of the words as we study the concepts. That is very kind!
Wow! Professor Xiaoyu Liu was amazing!!!! Recommended!!I really enjoyed her calmness and subtle friendliness in her class, now that I finished all the seven weeks content I am really going to miss studying with her.Xiexie laoshi, wo hen xihuan! :D
Great course with a great teacher! I enjoyed each lesson a lot, the teaching rythm is perfect for beginners and the pinyin writing helps if you are not familiar with chinese symbols. Thank you for making my first steps in Chinese such a great fun!
This was very well designed and helpful course. I enjoyed learning Chinese with the teacher. However, i felt that quizzes were easy and they should be a little more challenging. Thanks a lot for providing us with the opportunity to learn it free.
Firstly, I would like to thank those who established this website and the one who prepare this program, I have learned more and more, this time I can speak Chinese, communicate with people. Actually, I can do a lot of things because of Coursera.
This is an excellent foundation
course for beginners. Prof Xiaoyu Liu has a clear pronunciation and a great pedagogy. Many thanks for this wonderful course! I highly recommend this course for everyone who want to begin learning Mandarin Chinese.
This course had a good pace and covered several useful topics.  The instructor also explained new words/characters when introducing a new sentence or phrase, which is nice to know - as opposed to just explaining the meaning of the new phrase.
It was a really good courses, Xiaoyu Liu is an amazing teacher she explain you everything as best as possible. was a really good method of teaching, easy to learn, to been motivate and to practice. I cant wait to start the next course. Xiexie
WONDERFUL TASK MADE BY YOU, THE PRESENTER WAS VERY GOOD AND THE EXRECISES WERE QUITE DEMANDING, THE SAME AS THE TIME. TIME IS GOLD NOWADAYS AND I USED IT TO DO THIS COURSE. MAY BE I WOULD TAKE THE SECOND COURSE. THANK YOU VERY MUCH COURSERA.
A really good course! The professor is engaging and easy to understand. Every word of every line is explained. Even the difficult sounds are easy to pick up when you move forward in the course. One of my favourite courses ever. Thanks a lot!
It was really amazing! The very last part includes the chinese symbols that you've learned to say during this course along with their pronunciation and their tonemarks (pinyin),so now I'm trying to learn how to write each word I've learnt!!!
Excellent course.  I learned many new things including lots of new vocabulary words.  The instructor also did a great job giving pronunciation and grammar tips.  I feel more confident as I continue my self study portion of learning Chinese.
I liked the course very much. I get confused with characters but since this course doesn't have them it was a lot easier for me to participate. Love that lectures are short and sweet and quizzes are right on the ball! Great learning videos!
This was an amazing lesson. The Laoshi made the videos in such a way that it feels like a physical class. I enjoyed every bit of the entire lessons. The videos are so educating. Looking forward to many more levels. Xiexie nin wo de Laoshi.
I really like this curse. The 老师 voice is so calm and she explains everything in a way you can understand it. The quizzes were amazing, because even if we're not learning 汉字you can get the pinyin and also the listening part. Thank you, 加油!
I did enjoy the course. I knew around 70% of words already, but still it was very useful and I improved my pronunciation, reviewed the old words, and learnt some new expressions, too. I am going to take more courses from Peking University.
Very clear, systematic and useful for beginners to the language. For additional challenge, the student can attempt to write out the chinese text as the lecturer is speaking in the video. Or translate the pinyin into chinese character text.
您好！I learned a lot from this course. The teacher was very good in organizing this course. She teaches useful words for travels to China or small talk with those who speak Mandarin in a way that it is easy to understand and remember. 很多谢谢！
A great course to gain some insight into the basics of the Chinese language. The instructor teaches at a slow pace and is very easy to understand so that the student is able to repeat the pronunciation properly. Thank you, Professor Liu!
course on Chinese speaking. In this class, I will
introduce you to basic phonetics and daily expressions.After taking this
class, you will have a basic understanding of Chinese Mandarin and make basic
conversations of daily    Good luck!
I loved the course thank you madam Xiaoyu Liu for teaching us in an easy and progressive way. It doesn't matter how much we learn daily but how much we understand daily.  Thank you for your lesson. It helped me a lot. Your student @Alvin
It is a great course for someone who has already taken some Chinese. I find it very difficult to follow if you do not know anything about the language. It teaches you many basic sentences, vocabulary that are essential in the daily life.
A very smooth and pleasant journey into one of the most difficult languages in the world! Fantastic experience, excellent tutor with lovely personality, perfect English and the best “advertisement” for China! Thank you! Highly recommend
This Chinese course for beginners helped a lot to understand better how to pronounce and listen the language. Also, the explanations on how to write and the vocabulary were very useful to improve my understanding. Easy learning so far.
I really like it. I can understand Chinese a lot. Is a basic cosmos that is easy to understand Teachers can understand Going slowly, I will learn Chinese better Thank you for teaching me to study It's my kind of open world. Thank you.
It is certainly a very basic course, but I really enjoyed it and it made me willing to go on and to progress further in Chinese language. I now need to learn how to read and write. First step fully enjoyed and accomplished! Thank you.
I was always interested in Chinese language from when I was young and this course really taught me about the basic stuffs that are mandatory to master while learning this language. The course was really enjoyable as well as educative.
This is a very good and well-detailed course. The lecturer indeed made sure that each detail was clearly explained and understood. I hope soon I can travel to China so that I can practise the language even better. Thank you very much.
First thank you Coursera for this amazing Chinese course. I've learned a lot in the last seven weeks. Now I can say that I can speak, talk and understand some of the Chinese language. I recommend to all of you the course. Thank you...
It was a great experience learning a new language. This course is pure Communicative Chinese, which means only listening and speaking. But I do enjoy it very much, I learnt a lot. This is a great start for my journey to study Chinese
Really it was a fantastic journey for me to avail of this opportunity. The teaching method was more flexible than I expected. I hope to cut a very good figure when I will continue to work or go with the Chinese community! Thank you!
I started this course to complete my course in Chinese because i already studied it earlier and couldn't get a certificate. This online course is really way ahead compared to my previous experience of studying in an academy.5 stars.
This course I give five star .Teacher teach very clear  and she have very clear accent easy to listen. If Who want to start chines language you can start from here to develop your communication ability. . Recommend This many thanks.
The instructor for this course, Xiaoyu Liu was excellent. Very well-paced, clear and informative.I would like to continue to have the opportunity to practice Chinese for Beginners and will refresh myself on this from time to time.
To be honest a great course. I gave me the feeling to create building piece for piece, necessary for learning a complete different language. Looking forward for more Chinese for beginners and maybe after it preparation for HSK I.
This is an extraordinary opportunity to be able to learn Mandarin at Coursera with a very extraordinary teacher, the material presented is very easy to understand, after learning mandarin I hope I will get a better job, Xièxie😊
the course is very organized and effective.  it is challenging enough for a beginner provided he/she has no prior exposure to mandarin. never the less, the videos and other material are very comprehensive and easy to understand.
This teacher is excellent!  The time and pacing of the lessons are wonderful...short videos and concise quizzes makes you feel like you are reaching milestones.  It is not overwhelming at all; she makes you want to learn more :)
This is a good beginner course for people wanting to learn Chinese. It gives lots of vocabulary you can use for different scenarios in real life. It focuses more on spoken Chinese so you won't learn the Chinese characters here.
Been doing this course for the last 7 weeks and I can proudly say that I have come to learn some good basics of Chinese Language and to be very honest, the course materials and and lecture giving was so convenient and flexible.
This course is quite helpful for beginners.Tutor skills are the best.Course Content is majorly related to the videos which supports to gain new information about this Chinese language .I am happy  that i had chosen this course.
Excellent to start with. Excelente para comenzar.Sometimes the pronunciation is hard for me as I have been checking other pronunciations online but its really a good start. Thanks for the support of this excellent Liú professor
I absolutely recommend this course to anyone who thinks Chinese is too complicated. This course makes Chinese a lot easier. Also est for people who can't be bothered to learn how to read or write :) Thank you so muchhhhhhhhhhh
I do love this course! Teacher uses the simple words to explain us. So, it's easy to understand and I've gain a lot of knowledge right now. Also, I've known the basic Chinese now, so I can continue to keep learning by myself.
Thanks for the opportunity to lay the foundations for Chinese with the aid of financial aid! Many appreciations on that and really a beneficial Chinese course that is comprehensive in coverage of needed English-Chinese terms.
I had really enjoyed this course. The way of teaching instructor is very impressive and knowledgeable. I want some more courses like that. I had learnt almost all the basics necessary for daily life cycle of chinese. Xei Xei
Today I,m very happy to completed course chinese for Beginners. i would like to coursera and paking university who encouraged me. Presentation were expected to meet . way of teacher learning was very appreciated . Xièxiè ni
The course is very easy to digest. The materials were relevant and straightforward. One improvement I would suggest would be the inclusion of Chinese characters in the course videos. This will help with the familiarization.
one of the best courses i had, the instructor is amazing also different moderators in the discussion boards helping you get through, this course covers everything from daily life and some common phrases that are very handy
That is a great course to make You get interested in wonderful Chinese language. I even went to the local Confucius Institute to continue studying it! It would also be great to give at least some characters in the course,
Highly appreciate and Highly recommend!  The lecturer makes it very easy for a beginner to understand and memorize. What she taught is very useful applicable to daily usage.Thank you for an awesome class, Ms. Xiaoyu Liu.
Many thanks to this course! We can communicate in basic Chinese with many necessary vocabularies for daily life. Although this course provides you only in pinyin, I think it can help you to learn advance Chinese easily.
It is very helpful and interesting, especially the lessons are short and interesting and quiz makes it further easy and Memorable. thanks for such a nice course. Now i came China and practicing this with my lab fellows.
This couse easy to learning it suitable for beginners who want to learn chinese, the course cover the sentences and words that you have to use in daily life and teacher quite speak slowly easy to listen and understand.
I liked the course very much. The material is devided into small parts easy to understand and remember. And it motivates to study language more. Thanks to professor Xiaoyu Liu, it was very interesting and very useful.
The course is perfectly designed. The instructor has introduced me to the Chinese language with fun and interactive way. Over all it was full of learning. You wont regret after enrolling init. Perfect for beginners.
One of the best Chinese classes I have ever taken. So much vocabulary in such a short time. Lovely professor and great method. You really learn to understand and your listening and comprehension skills benefit a lot
Good examples in daily life communicationMaybe if there was more information about chinese's grammar like how to put the noun , verb or object in order in each sentence, that would be perfect. :DI love your course.
I have learned more things from here not only about the language but also little bit of the Chinese culture, etc. I really like Chinese culture. This course is useful for everyone to start Chinese as a language..
Finally, I can finish this course now. Although I am due late on some weeks I caught up remaining weeks by the later days. So happy to finish this course and I am looking for a Chinese writing course next time.
This course was very helpful to me as also it was my first foreign language. Though a bit tough, but with the lectures it was very easy to answer the assignment quizzes. Overall, it was a very good experience.
All I have to say it that it is an excellent course. Highly informative and very well received and useful.I would like to please make a request... can you include more course i.e. Chinese Intermediate Courses?
It was a really helpful beginning course because the teacher made sure the pronunciation was going to be correct.  The pinyin is missing from Week 7 Notes, which makes it difficult to memorize the vocabulary.
I learned a lot from this course, the lessons are simple and the quizzes are helpful. I'm an absolute beginner in Mandarin and I say this course is perfect for beginners! One of my great learning experiences.
I am having a really good experience. The classes are very easy to understand and the quizzes help me fix the knowledge. I highly recommend this course for people who want to learn the first words in Chinese.
Thank you very much! I used to learn Chines language in the past, but did not use it since 1997. Now I reviewed the basics, learnt something new and revised the forgotten staff. Many thanks!Fei chang gan xie!
PT-BR: Um curso bem interessante para que quer iniciar os estudos neste idioma, criativo e dinâmico.ENG: A very interesting course for those who want to start studying in this language, creative and dynamic.
Thankyou for course you’re my first chinese teacher online for me and I very enjoy to learn with my teacher I have learned a lot of Chinese from you and I will keeplearning too thankyou somuch teacher ❤️❤️❤️
Great Chinese 101 course for beginners. Lessons are easy for beginners (like me) to understand and follow throughout the course. At the end of the course, learners can speak some basic Chinese conversations.
Very good course for beginners. Recommended if you want to have basic essential communication skills in Chinese. Good foundation if you want to pursue a detailed course later. Course instructor is excellent.
If you've never learned Chinese before, this is a great place to start. The teacher does an amazing job of teaching some of the basics of the language in the simplest forms. I HIGHLY recommend this course.
Interesting course, useful subject, very nice lector. Highly appreciate the opportunity to hear the right pronunciation of Chinese words, because that's the most difficult part for me. Thank you very much!
I already knew the basics of Chinese -- but I took this course just as a refresher and to make sure I didn't miss anything.This is a great course for people who are just starting to learn Mandarin Chinese.
Yout get the basic oral knowledge to start with the communication skills. This was my first option to get into studying mandarin so I'll continue with more grammar vocabulary and writing. Thanks coursera!
This course is good for who started to learn the Chinese language and then it can use in daily life or when to travel in Chian. And, the Chinese language also gives the chance to find a job in the future.
Although this is a free course, it is very practical with daily life topics. After we finish it, we can travel to China or Taiwan, Hongkong and can make basic conversation. Thank you very much, Liu Laoshi
i am learning so much from these courses, thank you for having this program for free, i wouldn't be able to afford schooling so i try and find something for free so i can learn, thank you again for this,
Great experience & course! I could say that I learn the necessary vocabulary to introduce myself and to initiate a dialogue. I would like a second part of the course with verbs and a little more grammar.
Dear Liu Xiaoyu,Seven weeks of this great course has significantly improved every aspect of my Chinese knowledge. Thank you for being a great teacher, I want to visit China in the future. 我喜欢汉语。谢谢，再见老师。
It was a pleasure to take this course. I've learned Chinese in a various ways, but this is the first time I'm taking a Chinese course and it helped me a lot. The lectures and notes helped a lot. Xièxie!
It’s really nice course online for me and everyone who want to be a beginner in chinese language. This course gives me a lot of experience about pronunciation, vocabularies and cultures. It was amazing!
it's really for beginner who cannot read Chinese character at all. It's very useful for basic Chinese if you practice a lot from the lecture. I love the teacher and really appreciate for the free class.
Thank you for free online course. I'm happy with Chinese language learningfor improve myself. I like Chinese TV series and movie so much but I can't understand. I swear more practice this. Xiexie laoshi
The teacher is very fantastic! She good in English and speak not quick so that make me easily to listen and understand. Thank you for the best one online course. If i have a chance I will go to China :)
I am much surprised while studying this Online Chinese Language Course, Its very useful and knowledgeable for me. I suggest to every one who is interested to learn Chinese Languages. RegardsAtif Hussain
The course gives basic knowledge about Chinese language, and by the time you complete the course, you will be able to understand simple daily conversations. Great course to start learning about Chinese!
Ms.Liu explains each lesson well and it is easy to follow and remember the key points she explained. Good way for me to review my mandarin since it is such an important part of my identity and culture.
I really liked the course. As I studied Chinese before, this served as a great review of all the basic contents I have seen before. This teacher is very good and I would highly recommend this course.
I got this course for free and I want to learn about basic Chinese language so I'm give it a shot. Overall it is an active learning. The reading nasal and vocabulary are simple. Great for beginners.
Great!Chinese for beginners made simple and efficient. Would totally recommend it to anyone who is interested to learn a new language.Kudos to the entire team for putting together an engaging course
course on Chinese speaking. In this class, I will
introduce you to basic phonetics and daily expressions. After taking this
class, you will have a basic understanding of Chinese Mandarin.Good luck!
I loved the course! I wish they had more and more different courses! Congratulations for the excelent work! And thank you for helping me with Chinese, I hope I can go to China soon and practice it!
I enjoyed the course, the videos and quizzes were easy to understand. This was a great start to learning Mandarin Chinese. Will you offer a continuation course, besides the Chinese calligraphy? ;-)
Thanks Coursera for giving me such an opportunity to learn this course,the Teacher was excellent ,the way she teaches us was really helpful to understand and easier for us.... thanks, xiexie.. :-)
It was really fun and interesting to learn Chinese here! I could understand and relate to what's taught really well. I'm so excited to use what I have learnt and learn more too! Thank you so much!
This program is great and benefits for everyone who would like to improve the Chinese language. There are a lot of things for learning and improving Chinese skills.I really like it. Navin  ARUNRAT
I really enjoyed this course . It was very useful and help me to understand and speak a little Chinese. I am really grateful . see you soon in another Chinese course and more. Thank you very much
It's a very good program for people that don't know Chinese at all, very informative. I do recomend this course. Thank you! Looking forward on practicing my chinese and travel to China someday.
It was a very basic Level course but very helpful. I learned  a lot of things from this course. I suggest everyone to take this course before going to china. it will make your life very easier.
it's hard at the begining if you never learning chinese before. but it's not hard to understand although you're not good in english. teacher, she uses easy word, easy sentence and speak slowly.
Wo xihuan kan shu .I learned more and it allowed me have a clearer understanting of the dialect when watching the dramas. And hopefully i future I can speak it more fluently.Xie xie Teacher Liu
I liked very much this course. Teacher Xiaoyu Liu is clear and her examples on the screen help you a lot in fixing new concepts in mind, especially for autodidacts like me. Thank you very much!
Very easy to learn the basic Chinese language. The most important and interesting about the course is that everything is illustrated with the help of pictures which makes it very easy to learn.
The professor did a great job. In a matter of minutes you can learn a lot. The content is explained in a simple way for you to make use of it and take it to your daily life. Great job on this.
its very informative course designed by Peking university for  all basic mandarin ( Chinese language) learners. hope the other students will also get benefit from your endeavors. Wish you luck
It is pretty suitable for beginners to know mandarin as a kickstart of the learning journey. I will definitely introduce this to my friends who are on the beginner level of mandarin language.
It might be hard to me for pronounce correctly. And no one guide me. However, it’s not difficult too much because teacher is understanding of a mature student trying to learn Chinese language
It was really educating, I can speak chinese a little without reference to a book whatsoever. The fact there were tests after each lesson is just amazing. Words cant describe how happy I am.
The course is really good for the beginner to learn how speak in Chinese, e.g. the simple terms and short conversations. It's really helpful and makes me confident to learn Chinese more. :)
It was a good experienced i have learned a lot and Say Thankyou to My Instructor and Peking University  and My MUET University who gave me this opportunity to make my quarantine Effective..
I loved that course and I truly recommended it... The language is very simply and you can absorve every single thing that the teacher says. I wish I'll meet the teacher personally in China.
This course is amazing and excellent! It really is very good to know basic and simple phrases that help us in a simple conversation. The first step of a long road to study a great language.
It was an outstanding experience. I learned a lot of basic Chinese and I am hopeful it will be helpful for me in the future. I suggest everyone who is new in china, please take this course.
This is a basic but essential course of Chinese. It was super hear all these basic things about chinese language. I hope to find other courses made by this University. Thanks for your gift.
As a Chinese, this course is still interesting. But guys, the most crazy part of learning Chinese is the writing~! Come on~! I am proud to be a Chinese~! Thanks everyone~! You can do it ~!
Very good videos and explanations. The tests are also good, not to be taken lightly because they help to see that you have identified and learnt the different pronunciation there might be.
After finishing this course I feel very motivated to take the next one!Everyone who has never had any contact with Chinese should take this course. Thank you very much from Lima, Peru 🇵🇪
Very good course and well structured. The difference to other fragmented online videos "teaching" Chinese is the thought through build-up and the professional didactic value. Recommended!
very easy to learn specially if we plan to travel to china but pronunciation is too difficult for me specially the Xiu , Qi and Zh. Thank you Xiaoyu Liu , you are a great teacher. Xiexie
I find the course really interesting. As I go through it, I look forward to the new lessons that will be taught. The course was really helpful to learn and communicate in basic Chinese.
The course is great for practicing the listening skill. Even though I do not know the Chinese characters but can understand the pinyin. Thank you for the helpful Chinese for Beginners!
The curriculum is well-designed. It develops the vocabulary first and then instructs learners how to put the words to make a sentence. The instructor is great with clear pronunciation.
Stands up to its name. A very good course to start learning Mandarin. Now, the horror of the language "Mandarin" is no more and I can communicate for the necessary matters in Mandarin.
A very good course for beginners which covers all essential topics in an easy manner. No characters, so there is no pressure to read and write, focus on listening and talking instead.
Thank you, what a great course. Even after living in China for over a year I still learnt a lot from this course. Keep up the great work and I look forward to starting the next level.
A basic course . It gives the basics to progress in learning the language. A bit different for a westerner, but interesting and motivating. Anxious to continue and increase the level.
Although my native language is Spanish, this course was really good; since it also helped me to reaffirm my knowledge of the English language and learn the basis of Chinese language.
perfect for those who want to speak and understand chinese. lessons are focused on listening and speaking and not reading and writing the chinese characters. simple and i love it !!!
This course is friendly for new learners of this language. This course gave me more confidence as it helped me to lay the foundation for deeper learning for this language. Thank you!
An excellent course which I do and will be recommending to all.  A first class teacher with excellent lessons, course materials, quizzes etc and all made fun to learn and understand.
Supper techniques to understand basic conversation with chines people. It is useful to every one who wish to visit  for business settlement or employment purpose.Strongly Recommended
This was an amazing journey throw the unknown, at least for me, becouse before this course i didn´t knew a thing about china and now i want to go there and get to know more about it
I like this course and I was able to learn as much as I can. I like watching Chinese drams so this helps me to understand some of them. Recommended for beginners. Xiexie Xiaoyu Liu.
Chinese language is the one of the most exciting languages i have ever came across. I am so excited to be part of the few individuals in my country to speak and now Chinese language
A very good course of chinese , it was very interactive and you could read many subtitles and the videos were so easy to understand! i really enjoy this course. Thank you. xiexie :D
I really enjoyed this course because it familiarizes the student with pronunciation. I can have simple conversations with other Chinese people from what i've learned in this course.
Really enjoyed learning this new language.thanks to the instructor for making it easy for us and off course thanks  to Coursera and Peaking University for providing us this course.
Thank you, excellent course, everything is clear, high-quality videos, thank you to the teacher! Tests on the program and other materials are developed and clear. Excellent course!
Thanks a lot for this very good course! Now I have simple understanding about structure of Chinese sentences and even can chat in Chinese. Hope to go to China soon and try talking.
This course is really useful and easy for the beginners. It opens up my mind to learn foreign languages. Also, I can learn about Chinese cultures through Chinese language. Xie Xie.
It is a very good course to immerse in the basic Mandarin-Chinese language. I learned with an easy way and the best thing is that the teacher is Chinese, a native Mandarin speaker.
This course was wonderful! I really loved to have the possibility to practice and learn this amazing language! Thank you very much to the teacher in charge. I really learned a lot!
I started learning Chinese a few months ago and I can say that this course is very useful. I really enjoyed learning with Xiaoyu Liu her voice is very soft and easy to understand.
Thank you very much for making this course. I've learned a lot and very satisfied with the lessons. The lessons are easy to understand and the teacher is very good at explanation.
Excellent introduction to speaking the Chinese language and reading and writing Pinyin. The videos are well done and there are lots of opportunities to practice in different ways.
It's a great course for people who want to learn to communicate with other Chinese people. To familiarize themselves with repetition is vital to learning how to speak it properly.
it's a very good course for a new learner. it's very simple basic and it's very east for me.i love this course the accent was very clear for me.thanks a lot to having this course
It's the great option for foreigner to start learning Chinese by using Pinyin system. Very easy and clear to understand what Laoshi is teaching and comfy for time flexibility. :)
Hello Professor,Thank You for your assistance. as i have learn alot of new ideas and its really helpful for me in my future as i have to plan to visit china is this sep-oct 2020
Really simple yet effective! I am able to understand the basics of mandarim thanks to this awesome course, the University of Beijing, and of course, Coursera! Thank you so much!
Thank you for Ms. Xiaoyu Liu who helps me for developing my Chinese language. She explains them so well and obvious. Wish me luck for the next step! I do love Chinese language.
This was an excellent introduction to Mandarin course. The professor was clear and concise. She did an excellent job modeling the pronunciation and use of the language. XieXie
Marvelous excellent teacher Laoshi  Xiaoyu Liu, she speaks very clear and very thorough. I learned a lot of vocabulary but I do need to practice. The audio video is excellent.
I think this course is great. The professor makes Chinese much easier to learn. I have had other Chinese teachers and she is the best by far. I am very happy with the course.
Great course!  I wanted to learn how to communicate in Chinese and it fulfilled my needs! The instructor is great too! I suggest she give another course, say, part 2. XIeXie!
Enjoyed the course !! How ever I found that as a beginner to be able to recognize all the different sounds of all the vowel nearly imposible since one does not know Chinese.
I would like to thank Xiaoyu Liu for this course. I have learnt so many phrases. I will continue my path in learning Chinese. I strongly recommend this course for beginners!
Gorgeus. The teacher is good, the material is presented superbly. I loved. I thought learning Chinese would be very complex study, but no. Is very tasty study with Coursera.
It was pretty good course though became a bit tough at the end. It will be great if there was a continuation of this course. Looking forward to continue my Chinese learning!
Tone and pronouce of teacher is easy to listen and repeat. Teacher is so kind and I am very happy to take this course. I hope I will go to China once in my life. Thank you.
Started from zero and now i'm excited to know a little bit of Chinese. I'm pretty sure, i can speak some basics after a little bit of practice and a bit of revision. Cheers
I've never learn Chinese before but this course is easy understanding. Explain in simply English. Just spend my spare time for a few day and gain more knowledge. Thank you.
This course is good - it focuses on hearing pronunciations, which is good and supports my other learning which I am doing mostly from a book (also learning the characters).
Extremely informative! Would recommend to any friends trying to learn Chinese, also very simple and easily understood, with clear explanations and pronounciations. & vocab!
Perfect for people who want to start leaning Chinese. Peking University did a great job, the teacher made well use of time and it was easy to understand her. Great course!
Thank you, thank you, thank you. It was amazing! Everyone who is interested in China and Chinese language has to participate! My personal recommendations) Thank you again!
Course was well-paced and good. It was a little on the easy side, and it might be helpful to explain some aspects of the grammar that weren’t totally clear during lessons.
laoshi teaching is very good and easy to understand . I used to learn Chinese 6 years ago. This course help me remind vocabularies and how to talk in daily life. thank you
I liked that the lessons build up on each other. Furthermore, I enjoyed that it was quite simple so that I didn't get demotivated. Looking forward to the second class now.
Very good course, optimal for begginers. I didn't know anything about chineese language before, but now I start and will follow learning chineese. Thanks for this course!
I learned so much from this course, I do go back and watch lessons, I also like at the end it gives a list of all the sentences learned and meaning, for review purposes.
The material given is sufficient enough for beginner who learn Chinese with no background education at all. Xie xie xiaojie Xiaoyu, xianzai, wo hui shuo yidian Zhongwen.
the course was very good and had very good assignments to provoke the learning further and made you use the learn things but in different way than in the lecture videos.
Really learning a lot. I initially had no working knowledge of Chinese but this course has definitely pointed me in the right direction concerning learning the language.
Awesome course for a totally begineer. Great to get along with the intonations, useful for a practical day-to-day interaction with Chinese community. Greatly recommend!
This course is a really good introduction. The lecturer was very clear and explained everything in a way that any beginner to a new language can understand. Thank you.
Very well thought! The content is relevant to practical situations when travelling in China and interacting with the locals. The tutor is excellent! I really enjoy it!
The course is really great. Lectures are perfectly delivered & arranged in a good way for better understanding. The instructor is very good at delivering the lectures.
I studied Mandarin around 15 years ago and have paused 1.5 year later until now. So these course gets me revision Mandarin about pinyin, vacab and tones well. xie xie.
This course was very interesting to start learning Chinese. I have learnt a lot. The teacher approaches different topics. I am eager to keep on studying this language.
First lesson needed some adjustment on my part, but as you get in, it's very good, informative, and very well paced. The teacher is wonderful, I enjoyed this greatly.
Loved this course, very easy bitesize chunks with a clear instructor and good for beginners. Has helped me to practice while on lockdown and not able to attend class.
this course so funny and easy to learn for beginner like me. teacher so kind and have good voice. I hope to learn more Chinese to approve my language skill. thank you
it good course. If you want to go to China and can communicate with people. This course is good for you. It teach basic sentence that tou can use. Very useful course.
Excellent Mandarin course from the Peking University. You will have a good introduction to spoken Mandarinn, basis expressions and even how to write a few characters.
I took this course to review Chinese basics, I not really a beginner. The rhythm of the course, the progression is nice. It's a perfect way to start learning Chinese.
has to be very pertinent and thought ful course. each week lessons are designed in a way that any one can have a atleast a conversation in mandarin chinese. Thanks !
her accent is clear.shes so sweet as well.she taught the language in a very easy way however chinese was too difficult for me to understand its a difficult language.
I truly enjoyed this course. It was very easy to follow and the pronunciation was also very clear. Good quality presentation and a very motivated teacher. Thank you.
I learn so many things! I love Coursera! Thank you for the opportunity to learn something new. If I had the money I absolutely buy all the pack with the certificate.
This course is perfect to introduce you to the basic of learning Chinese language and learning how to become social with new people  in common day to day activities.
It´s jolly learnable all sort ofa basic things that you´r willing to catch on to about this excentric language you can do it by your own with brilliantness and so on
This course is perfect first step on the long road of learning new language! I'm really grateful to it's creators! Every lesson was very interesting and educationa.
Amazing course! I am totally confident about trying speaking and to continue learning Chinese. In the beginning I thought it was so hard, but it is not! I loved it!
I've studied Chinese since I was in secondary school and I forgot it then I've applied this online course again that was great .I really enjoyed this online course
ist very interesting und you will learn all important Things you Need to know, if you want to talk with somebody in China. For the beginning its a very good choice
very easy to learn and understand. The teacher speaks clearly and not too fast. Do not be worried if you are not english native speaker this corse is good for you.
Very clear. A nice and slow pace that allowed me to actually absorb what was being said. Great conversational phrases, and excellent teacher. Thank you very much!
i will really miss the teacher of this course..she is an amazing laoshi..i loved this course..hope one day i will be able to read under her guidance once again..
Very good course to start with something new. I recommend it.Maybe, it is because I am new in this matter, but I thought that you would teach us how to write it.
Excellent Course outline and it's a good start for beginners. I request Coursera to  start an advance course on Chinese Language in continuation of this course .
This course is suitable for everyone even if you don't have a basic Chinese. The lecturer is so kind and teach in an easy way. This course is worth your time !!
I think your syllabus should be added more Chinese characters so that the learners can get in touch with Chinese. Thank you for all materials and your supports!
Amazing Free Course. Because of this I was be able to pass HSKK beginner level. Thanks a lot. Looking forward to the next level on my Chinese speaking. Xie4xie4
EXCELLENT COURSE, I would like to further learn more chinese as part of the upcoming course. Very much interested in getting insights and understanding Chinese.
It's really helpfull as an introduction Course, at least for me that Never try learn Chinese before!  Thank you and I hope suscribe to an advanced course soon!
This course is very helpful. It touched on all parts of our daily activities. The course has equipped me with the basics for communication. Am grateful Laoshi.
It was pretty amazing! Fully recommended, I'm so thankful for having the opportunity to learn this, and also I'm grateful for the great professor in charge :D
I'm very grateful for this knowledge and inspired by teacher X. Liu, she has really good method for initiate every one on Chinese language with pinyin system.
I really learn the basic thing about the Chinese language. A good instructor of the course, excellent divisions of the course, and good sequences of the thems
I really enjoyed this course because teacher's lessons are easy to understand and the examples are extremely interesting for me to quickly remember new words.
It's very useful for people who don't know anything about Chinese like me. I have learned how to communicate familiar topics in daily life. Thank you so much.
Very useful for beginners to start learning Chinese. Th material and quiz lesson're easy to understand and accomplished. Love it. Thank you so much. Xie Xie !
Excellent introduction to Mandarin. The instructor speaks slowly and clearly enunciates the tones, making it easier for students to learn. Highly recommended!
Thanks for this course for helping me be able to listen and speak some basic Mandarin. However, I also wish to learn more to read and write Mandarin later. :)
Thank you to our teacher because this course it's amazing! I have no idea of Chinese and I am learning slowly but at my own with this course. Xièxiè again 教师!
Really Enjoyed this course by Heart . Very interesting course please take it. It is a great learning experience for me. Please take it and enjoy this course.
I have done complete chinese for beginners course so where my certificatePlease give me my complete course certificate this email.imranalihalepoto@gmail.com
Thank you so much for having the Chinese course for beginners. It makes me want to learn more about chinese. So now I can use it in a daily life. Thanks :)
I got satisfactory knowledge from this course and enriched. Hope information that I acquired through this course will help me a lot on my future education.
Gained confidence to practice my Chinese beginner level language skills for daily life.Keep it up Coursera! Highly recommended learning education platform.
Thank you coursera for providing the free course. I got to learn new things. The explanation by the instructor was also very clear and easy to understand.
I think audio recording should be updated. Its quality is no longer good. And also the pictures in the quiz should be displayed much bigger on the screen.
I like this course as the lecturer provides daily conversations. By the way, it's still difficult for me to pronounce correctly regarding only the pinyin.
I can't say much about this course i have already had a bit knowledge about chinese lang but it helped to improve and gain some info about their routines
This class was amazing and made me want to pursue my learning of the Chinese language. Thank you laoshi for helping me learn the basics of your language.
The videos are shorts which makes the course nice!!  It's the best course for basic Chinese.  Easy to understand. Short teachings, it's easy to remember.
I am writing this review to acknowledge that there are no Chinese words in this session, but only the English words in Chinese. But the lectures are good
I have already studied these contents off-line course 2 years ago. So I took this course for review. This was amazing course for this purpose, thank you!
This is an excellent introduction to Mandarin. Basic essentials covered regarding pronunciation and grammar. Lessons are clear and quizzes help learning.
this course its very helpful to begin understanding chinese language, get familiar with the tones and gain confidence to start an advance chinese course
Very well Organised & presented with just the right content to start learning Chinese. Never have I seen such quality course before for Chinese language
Really a good way of teaching. Vocabulary along with dialogue making has really helped me to use the chinese words easily and wisely. Thank you so much.
Very interesting course! So easy to go. Didn't expect that it would be so easy to learn Chinese. Wish to go on the next level. Thankful to Xiaoyu Liu!!!
Thanks for this course which I'm not only learning Chinese but English as well at the same time.The pace of learning is just right to me.  Thanks a lot.
This course is very good for people without any knowledge of Chinese. I think if anyone wants to  learn Chinese in this course will make the first step.
Really Well done, and well paced. Homework and quiz are challenging. i Really Enjoyed this course, Will Definitely Continue Online Study with Coursera.
this course was really helpful to learn basic Chinese., and I'm glad I enrolled myself the professor was excellent and it was very easy to learn.xiexie
I am excited to learn Chinese now I can speak Chinese a little not Chinese people but I can speak I can survive easily thanks for give this opportunity
I'm 100 percent satisfied with the course. The syllabus of the course is just to the point and the teacher is well-skilled, concise. Thank you so much.
I like the course, the teacher is so good and she explain the vocabulary clearly. Thank you for do this fantastic course to everyone. Congratulations!!
It is what I need. I like Chinese language. I want to go to university studying Chinese in the near future. And now I will take your course. Thank you.
Even though i still find some of the chinese words and pronunciations confusing , i have the basic idea of how it works and can't  wait to go further.
Great Lessons with the student in mind! Easily absorbed part by part lessons give the new learners ample time to truly immerse himself in each lesson.
It's really easy for beginner. I think it's quite useful if you've never learnt Chinese. This course helps you to explore the basic topic in Chinese.
I haven't learned Chinese before!But when I complete this course, I learn a lot of Chinese words and they're really useful. Thank you for the course!
Very useful course. The course is suitable for beginners and those who have little backgrounds in Chinese. Really recommend this course for everyone.
I have learned many Chinese words and had so much fun. I think I would be able to communicate with Chinese people now. Thank you for the good course.
The course was very well-structured and I could learn quite a lot. It was very hard to me but it was very helpful. I want to follow learning Chinese.
The instructor accent is easy to understand, the method of learning is easy, i am able to catch the lesson and be able to compose the easy sentences
This course is a great foundation in learning chinese. Its covers a variety of topics you can use daily and is excellent for a receptionist like me.
Is a useful course. Teachers can understand easily. Make learning faster.  a useful course. Teachers can understand easily. Make learning faster. 谢谢
Thank you  for the Chinese lesson. I like it very much, even though I never knew it at all.  It gives me more knowledge.  And really helped me full.
This course is v.good and i learn a lot in a best way.thanks to coursera for this kind. i will keep it up to learn more about  Chinese language.....
A good first encounter with chinese that leaves several gaps that may push students to keep studying and making research regarding chinese language.
It was and incredible course, the content, the wayit was explained and conducted healp you to understand and develop new skills, five stars course.
The lecturer explained all the materials in detailed and all the way from the basics. It really helps me in understanding Mandarin even more. 感谢老师！
very good for who never listen or tried learn chinese, now i can dream with the day that i will be advanced in chinese, this course uprise my hopes
Very good and informative course. Tutor very helpful and explain the nitty gritty bits which are the most difficult parts of Chinese to understand.
This is a good course that give us basic knowledge about Chinese. This help us to learn a higher level in the future.Xie xie Professor Xiaoyu Liu.
I have learned a lot from this course. I would like to say thank you to everyone who concerns with creating this course. I really appreciate that.
It was really a good experience . I thank our instructor Xiaoyu Liu for giving us a wonderful opportunity to learn from her....thank you maam.....
This course is educational for beginners. Chinese teacher clarify explains every Lesson. I think it's fit to all of beginners or any foreigner. :)
Wonderful course, it gave me a solid base of Chinese in order for me to proceed with a more advanced course. Please, make other courses like this!
Very interactive and useful. It has exercises and videos, and the explanations are very good. Its amazyng for chinnese learners and for begginers.
It was a good course to learn basic Chinese .I really enjoyed and learned a lot within such a short duration of 7 weeks .It was incredible for me.
I l loved this course. I have always wanted to learn to speak Chinese and this course was  a lot of fun. I learned a lot in 7 short weeks. Thanks!
The teacher explains in an easy way; it is easy to follow. A lot of vocabulary to remember. I have learned Chinese before, so it was easy for me.
l kiled this course. I dont know how to express my gratitude. i want to continue but i dont know whether there continuation of this course or not
it was great, i was taking this along side another phone based app. It may be better if the chinese characters were flashed alongside the pinyin.
It is very nice Chinese course for beginners. Although it doesn't present Chinese characters, it gives us a basic idea of how the language works.
The course is great, but you need to go a little bit deep to prevent student from struggling to get the concept since this is a beginner's class.
I like this course.  My wife is Chinese and she says what I am learning is correct.  I like the emphasis on spoken as opposed to written Chinese.
It's great! Thank you for this course! I recomend all people Who wants to start learning Chinese. It is the first step to study Chinese culture.
Very nice course for beginner learners of Chinese. Advice you this course, if you want to come close to Chinese language and culture. Thank you!
I really enjoyed the course because was very interactive and the exams was awesome due to you can practise your learned skills about each topic.
This course is really helpful for a beginer like me. I would like to have a course with more practice in writing and reading.  Thank you so much
This is a very good and interesting course, I learned the correct pin yin and  pronouncing. The lecturer is very good in teaching this course .
it was amazing journey i love the way of teaching thanks coursera i am very thankfull to all team of coursera and peking university it was good
Excellent course for begginers! It's a wonderful initiative from Beijing University. I plan on keep on learning chinese because of this course.
I learned Chinese language first time but teacher can make me understand in a short time and l had know a lot of vocabulary used in daily life.
Perhaps a very basic intro to the characters would help with pronunciation? Other than that the course is terrific! Thank you Peking University
Thank you for making these lessons, i’ve got a lot of knowledge and the teacher are so good, she makes things clear and easily for the learner.
I recommend this course to those who would like to learn Mandarin. Very easy to follow and with enough activity to practice the pronunciation.
Dear Professor,I have really enjoyed this course!Xiexie! (I do not know how to get the accents with my new keyboard)Zaijian!Michele Giovinazzo
As someone who speaks basic Mandarin, I was challenged by this. Good for someone who is rusty at the language. A refresher course, if you may.
it might be difficult for those who has no idea about how to read PinYin to learn this...Also it is hard to pronounce Chinese in thiz lesson..
It ´s a very good way to learn chinese. This language it is very difficult to learn but with this course i ve learned so many words. Thanks!!!
One of the best instructor I have ever seen. Very warm course for a newbie. It was so helpful to learn basic Chinese.  Thanks for this course.
Great content, nice to introduce chinese language. Could be nice if there be some hanzi (chinese characters) to know a little bit of writting.
It's a excellent course for beginners! I learned a lot in just 7 weeks and so exciting to practice what i know 'cause this is a new experience
Thank you very much. The teacher (Laoshi) is excellent. I understand her because she speaks English and explain very well. Xie Xie. Jai Jian.
Many thanks for the excellent course!It was a real pleasure for me to be involved in this project.Many thanks all the staff for your support.
This was an easy teaching method, you were able to pause to review video content and it was followed up by useful dialogue. Highly Recommend.
Ni hao Learning Chinese was really exciting for me it is a very efficient yet simple way of learning an entirely new language . Xiexie laoshi
I love this course, this is suitable for beginners. Thank you professor Xiaoyu Liu and Coursera so much for making my quarantine is skillful.
The course was excellent and the teacher was excellent. I want to give this course five stars only to show my appreciation of the instructor.
This course is proper for who that interested in chinese but don’t have any basic knowledge , the teacher can explain to understand easily .
I just loved learning little bit about chinese language... I think the course was OK but sometimes the quality (image & sound) was just bad.
The course , Chinese for Beginners was fun and interesting.I recommend it to anyone who is interested in learning ChineseThank you Coursera!
This was the first course I took in a very long time and it did not disappoint. I enjoyed it right through to the end. It was a lot of fun.
Its fun to learn Chinese for beginners because the teacher explanlination are so simple and easy to understand. Thanks for the free course.
Really well made, easy to access this language and explainations in english are really good quality. Just a pleasure to learn chinese. ....
I love this course very much. I learnt many things from this course. Moreover i can speak basic of daily conversation. Thank you very much
I enjoyed this course tremendously. The videos and additional docs were very helpful, and the instructor was clear and easy to understand.
Excellent professor. We need to be consistent to remember. This teacher made it easy for us to understand this language. Well recommended.
Easy to follow and useful conversational phrases for beginners. The question for the quizzes are a bit too easy and generic in my opinion.
The Instructor was just outstanding! The course is well-structured and extremely comfortable for beginners! Had a fun learning experience!
I absolutely love the course and really enjoy learning Chinese! I can recommend strongly for everyone who wants to start out with Chinese!
Hello! It's a great course and I'd like to thank Peking University and Coursera for this great opportunity!Clarisse Cardoso, from Brazil.
A very nice beginner's course for anyone who wants to learn the basics of Chinese language. Very easy and step by step course. Great job!
The material lets you go practically at your own pace, and it is good to teach people how to speak before confusing them with characters.
Excellent .I am  an avid learner. My goal is to ,learn languages. It is practical,graded.Extremelly useful for giving bases for Chinese.
Very good introduction to the language. At the end of the course, you are able to compose simple sentences about a good range of topics.
Awesome Teaching For a beginner, Very crisp and precise notes and my favorite repetition of learned words/phrases in different scenarios
Рекомендую это курс. Все понятно и легко) супер 👏. I recommend this course for beginners. This course understandable and interesting 👍
Great beginner's course to Chinese, doesn't require any knowledge of characters. A good refresher for any student who feels a bit rusty!
The course was absolutely fantastic and the lecturer was amazing. I would gladly recommend this course to any foreigner living in China!
the course is practical and interactive. it effectively gives the learn an easy way of integrating the new language in a day to day life
Very very very very cool! I'm learning Chinese with this course. It's really awesome,  because I'm going to China in july!!!!!! So happy
Great method and instructor. I am going to keep going with learning Mandarin. Very pleased with the content and structure of the course.
It's very useful and informative class for beginner. I could feel that I'm improved for speaking Chinese. Thank you for the good class!
Thank you Professor Xiaoyu Liu, Thank you Coursera. This course is excellent and Easy to understand. I hope to study Chinese in Beijing
This course consists of basic of Chinese and conversation we can use in daily lives that’s not too hard to learn and not boring at all!
I think I like it. Not very exciting but it is so useful and feel good. This course helps me to improve my Chinese skill kindly. 谢谢，老师。
Thank you very much. This is a critical time for Covid. You made me stay home, intend to study Chinese, is another country that I like.
I lost my Chinese, and I really wanted to relearn it. This was a really good refresher course and made me want to practice it everyday.
It was nice experience to learn Chinese  and it was very easy for the beginners and will take other courses offered by this university.
Its a wonderful experience that i had gained through this course thanks to coursera for offering such a wonderful courses thanks a lot.
Its so good and amazing way to learn chinese for beginners. i am truly excited for this course and xiexie laoshi for a good knowledge.
This course is suitable for beginners who want to learn Chinese.  You can easily understand what the instructor explains in the video.
It's a good course for beginners. I learned a lot from this course and I'll try to use this language to speak with my friends. Xièxiè.
It’s easy to understand the Chinese. Everyone can learn easily. And the accent of the teacher is also easy to listen to. I love it 👍✨
INTRIGUING, IN-TENSE, ADVANCE, DEMANDING, BUT THIS COURSE WAS WORTH IT.GREAT COURSE IN THE END, AND MANY THANKS TO OUR LECTURER.Xiexie
It was an easy way to learn, very well explained and her voice it's so calm and makes you feel in a good mood to understand the class
i like this course very much because i'm interested in other languanges, espescially oriental's languange such as chinese (mandarin).
I have learned a lot of vocabulary and hoe to pronoun the right accent. The teacher explains very clearly and her voice is so smooth.
It is easy to have pinyin. However, there are many words for your to remember. Enjoy the course structure. Be ready to practice well!
Really like the style and quality of teaching, it was really easy to follow along and the progression of difficulty was very natural.
This is course is great for beginners. It's definitely a stepping stone for those just getting started, and the exercises help a lot.
I could learn basic Chinese at my own phase and do some homework later on the topic based on the activity or exercise or quiz given.
This was a great beginner's refresher course for me. It's been a long time since I've brushed up on my Chinese. Xie Xie, Liu Laoshi.
This is best course I’ve ever learn. I love this course . This course make me love Chinese. Thank you Very much  for this Course ^o^
At first, It was quite hard to pronounce some Chinese sounds. By the way, it's easy to remember vocabularies with English alphabets.
The best course for beginners ever! Teacher's taught cleary and amazing. Thank you for teaching and Coursera for giving free course.
Excellent course, to be a basic I learned a lot, I no longer see the language as something very difficult to learn, I recommend it.
When you have finished this course you can ensure that you can understand the basic sentence in daily life. Great knowledge thanks.
The Professor's accent is very clear, lesson is very useful. Easy to understand. Short teachings, it's easy to remember. Thank you.
Hey Team I can't afford to buy this course but I have completed it successfully. Can you please provide me a recommendation letter?
I've learn a little bit of chinese character so when I'm learning this course I understand more about sentence and know more vocab.
I've learned a lot from this course. Love this course so much, it is practical. Easy to learn and easy to use in real life as well!
It's perfect for beginners who know nothing about Chinese. Every lesson is easy to learn and it takes just 2-3 minutes per lecture.
It was really usefull... i have lerned more vocabulary and expression, i really enjoyed and the topics were chossed well. Thank You
I like how each lesson was short and informative. The things that I learned were relevant to communicating effectively in Chinese.
Teacher have a great accent English to me. She talk slowly to make a good and easy accent to hear and remember.Thank you so much !
This is my first time to learn about Chinese then teacher can make me clear on our course , Kindly to say xiexie too much for you.
The teacher's English accent is good so I can hear what she says clearly. The lesson is easy to learn, really suits the beginners.
Thank you Xiaoyu Liu laoshi who taught me known about Chinese language. I have enjoy a lot of basic Chinese during my quarantine.
thank you for teaching the basic conversation and word. it is helpful for communication in daily life or when traveling in China.
Very simple to understand and the teacher speak not much fast, This make me know about chinese language more and more. Thank you!
this course is so good, it's useful for the beginner who want to learn in Chinese language.thank you so much for the opportunity.
I'm a student from Thailand. this course has a benefit and so interesting I promise I will practice to advance level thank you 謝謝
It was easy and simple to understand. I wish there were the Chinese Character so I could recognize the pinyin that I am reading .
Amazing course! I absolutely enjoyed and learned a lot from this course. I will definitely recommend it to beginners. Thank you!
Basic Chinese are very helpful. I love doing the quizzes. I made some notes and review them for future use. Thank you very much.
It was great experience, the material was as clear as possible, dialogues were good enough. I'm 100% satisfied with this course.
A very good course that help to learn all the basics, I really enjoyed this course. Take it even for free, you won't regret it !
this course is very good for beginner and for some people who come to review the old knowledge . I like it. Thank you very much.
I learned a lot of things from teacher Liu, this course can make me improve my listening and speaking skills. Thank you so much!
Very helpful beginner course to help with speaking and basic conversation. Does not focus on reading or writing with characters.
Thanks for this course, it was easy for me to learn this language, even if you no idea about that. Xiaoyu Liu is a good teacher.
This course is effective for me and this make good pronounciation. I really like it and I'll share it to my friends to join it.
great! awesome teacher and the way she teach. learning Chinese becomes easy and seems not that hard. thank you for helping me..
The lesson is very helpful mostly the repetitive words and the quizzes on it. The videos are short and not boring to listen to.
I love this course so much because it's easy to understand. Eventhough teacher teach by English language but easy to understand
I like this course. It is light education for beginners. It's very useful for me and for my pronunciation. Thank you very much.
Maybe add characters next to the pinyin. That would (for me) make it easier to understand when you know some Chinese already ;)
This course of Chinese was very helpful for me. There are lots of expressions for daily life that every person can use. 谢谢 你 🙏
I'm changing my review: This course has great content and the teacher does a great job in explaining the correct pronunciation!
It was very nice and very beneficial to learn Chinese language for the beginners like me.  I love this opportunity and source.
This class is easy to understand.The content of each chapter is not too much.I enjoy learning basic Chinese. Thank you teacher
I have really loved this Course so much and it has given me the confidence to be a better student. I am very grateful. Xiexie!
This is a simple, relevant , and useful course for a Beginners level exposure to Mandarin. It's easy to pass the online tests.
Perfect! I hope to make courses about chinese characters, or courser for A1, A2, B1, B2... Thanks for the given opportunity!!!
The course of excellent. Recommend to anyone that is travelling there or just wanted to be able to hold a simple conversation.
This course was amazing.  I enjoyed the way teacher explained.  the short videos were great for retention. A good foundation.
This is a very good course and I can used the session that learn from this course in daily life. Thank you so much. Xiexie :)
Excellent course, I had been learning other Asian languages. However this course is very practical for a beginner or starter.
An exceptionally good course for learning how to speak basic Chinese with very clear phonetics and word by word explanations.
great course...I have learned most of valuable things in chinies language.thank you for all..(specially for the free course)
Great course for beginners. Easy to follow and to understand. I learned a lot of vocabulary and some grammatical structures.
teacher was amazing, really helpful, i'm so interested in continuing learning chinese skills, i'm so in love with languages!
Comprehensive course, rigorously assessed and great teaching.Highly recommended for all beginners who wish to learn Chinese.
I like it so much. I can learn easily. Don't worry if u never learn Chinese before, I am too. but I can learn it. Thank you.
Great course if you want to start studying chinese and don’t know where you begin with. You will only see pynyin characters.
Amazing teacher..  she actually pauses so that you can repeat and answer her questions. session is so much more interactive.
Excellent for people with no Chinese language experience and also very helpful as review for beginners with some experience.
good course to know basics of chinese conversation. I am positive that this course will help a lot in my next trip to china.
Great introductory to the Chinese language! The teacher is very pleasant, has an excellent and easy-to-listen pronunciation.
It is the perfect introduction to Mandarin for complete beginners. It is quite easy to follow and very clear to understand.
Absolutely fantastic and amazing explanation. It is really important to learn languages for better connectivity.Thank you!!
This is so amazing and useful. The lesson is easy and clear to understand. Thank you so much for making such a good course.
Really loved the course excellent teaching and loved to learn more about the chinese language .....Bes course for beginners
It’s very good for people to learn chinese and know how to pronoun correctly. All of the sentences can use in a daily life.
I would like to recommend to add the Chinese character for student. However, thank you very much for this wonderful course.
I can read Pinyin correctly. I also can speak a bit of sentences to telling about myself, telling stories or buy something.
I like the course, is perfect to learn vocabulary and phrases in chinese. Perfect course to get an introduction in chinese.
Hi, very well explained and easy to learn with the fantastic teacher giving every meaning to new words.Thank you very much.
The course was useful and easy to learn and speak Chinese words,numbers, time,day etc.Loved the course.Thanks for offering.
Great way to learn the basics of a new language.  It was a fun course but not to say its not challenging at all! Thank you!
This course is great for beginners indeed. If you don't have any knowledge of Chinese, you can start learning this course.
This is a great course.  Super beneficial for learners who are beginners and trying to learn Chinese as a second language.
Interactive and easy to learn. Really covered a broad range of topics and strengthened my communication skills in Chinese.
A very good course for absolute beginners. It covers several and different topics and the teacher explains them very well.
I studied for so long that I forgot.This course made me come back to revive my Chinese language again.Thank you very much.
Very nice beginner course to refresh my basic Chinese skills. Very good experience, nice exercises, vocabulary and videos!
It is really a great course to learn Chinese! I am very grateful for this incredible experience. Thanks Peking University.
This was an excellent course. The teacher was really nice and she explain very well the subjects of every week. Thank you.
The instructor was so kind and friendly!  I learned a lot in this basic course!  I am looking forward to the next course!
The instructor explained very easy to understand with slowly speaking. I recommend this course to learn basic of Chinese.
The professor could have stressed in the tenses of the sentence in some places.Other than that this course was really fun
Excellent experience I highly recommend it, and the Chinese professor is very clear and has excellent command of English.
Very didactic classes, get us to know not only about the language, but also the culture of China. Achieved the objective.
This is a very useful course. Once I have a chance to visit China, I will try to adapt every lessons with my daily life.
This is a fantastic Chinese course for foreigner, Thank you teacher, staffs and Peking university with Coursera website.
Nice course for learning   Chinese  , but need to have little knowledge of Chinese language  before starting the course.
It was indeed a great opportunity for me to learn chinese through this website. Thank you Coursera and Prof. Liu Xiaoyu.
Dear 老师，Thank you so much for your teaching. I’m gonna do my best to put knowledge in practice. Yours, Kseniia Mironova.
Amazing course! Learned so much information.The instructor was extremely friendly and easy to follow. Xiè Xiè   Zàijiàn
Simple and easy to star to learning mandarin. I recommend it to start getting acquainted with this beautifull lenguage.
Well Indeed i learned a lot of things about this course. I am looking forward to learn some more. Job Well Done Laoshi.
Great course. I wish the written Chinese was included along with he pinyin, but you do get it at the end of the course.
Has been a very good experience. The way that you learn is easy and clear to take the first contact with this language.
Currently I'm in China, and I can learn very fast Chinese from this course and practicing just on the street)Xiexie ni)
It was an excellent course, easy to understand. A very good introduction to the Chinese language with a great teacher.
Incredibly helpful, I plan on studying Chinese at university, and hopefully this will help demonstrate how eager I am!
i give 5 star because its help me to learn basic things of chinese language. this is new for me to learn new language.
thank you for teach me about chinese that make me have a confident to speak and improve my chinese skill to be better.
I really love this course. Didn't take too long for each reason and it is good for beginner like me. xie xie lao shi!!
It was really effective for me,learnt so many things about Chinese language. Now i feel confident to talk in chainese.
It is a very good course for beginners, I learnt a lot and discovered how there are many mnemonic way to learn chinese
It was so clear and so helpful, I know this will help me have common conversation with other mandarin speaking people.
Easy to understand, I was 12 when I did the course (last year) and I could complete it and I didnt spend to much time
Exelente curso, logré reforzar muchos concepto y aprender cosas nuevas.Great course, I learned new words and phrases.
This is good Chinese course. I get a lot of knowledge from this. The structure'voice is clear and easy to understand.
ONE OF THE BEST AND EASIEST EXPERIENCE IN LEARNING CHINESE.HAD FUN AND GOT THE HANDFUL KNOWLEDGE  ABOUT THE LANGUAGE.
Great course to start you dive into Chinese language! And a very nice teacher. I'm ery grateful for this opportinity!
When you start it`s so difficult the tones, but with the time is more easy. The course complied with my expectations.
I'm so happy I finished the challenge of learning a little about the Chinese language. Great course for beginners! :)
Great class! The professor provides great guidance on pronunciation and quizzes are helpful in developing vocabulary.
excellent methadology, clear and precise material, practice material is quite helping and teaching method is awesome
From all the lessons, I have gained a better understanding of the use of sentences and also increased my vocabulary.
The instructor made the course very joyful to learn and created a deeper interest in me to continue to learn chinese
This course is so easy for learning, thank you for vocabulary, example conversation, etc. That's easy to understand.
Great introduction to the language and professor Xiaoyu Liu provides clear explanations that are easy to understand.
I love this course so much. It is help me to review my Chinese skills , and I can get a lot of vocabulary from this.
This Course you will learn about how to pronounce and read Pinyin and Learn about Vocab for use in your routine day.
Very well made, I prefer to have the Chinese characters instead of pinyin but the course is great and easy to learn.
It's amazing. I've learned a lot from this course. Everything is understandable and the way of teaching is too good.
So far I am very satisfied with this course. It really gives me good foundation to build on and my progess is rapid.
Very good course, gives a glance about all the basic expressions / sentences you could need in a daily use in China.
Outstanding course! Very easy to understand. Very enjoyable. Relevant to today's modern conversations and pastimes.
It's very helpful for new learners who want to study Chinese. And the explanation for the course it was very clear.
I can’t believe we made it to the end! You were right beside me all along, and for that I’m so incredibly grateful.
I love learning Chinese  Thank you for the opportunity that Peking University has given.  The teacher is very good.
It was pretty comfortable which makes use to lessons learnt prior in the further lessons, hence helping to remember
I had an amazing experience learning Chinese. Thankyou Peking university for providing me such an amazing platform
you can learn basic from here. a lot of nescessery vocabulary that you really need to know before explore in China
I happy to learn more and then to get my life. The  Developments has always come to me and my skill level of work.
The University of Pekín is excelent, thank the teacher Xiaoyu Liu and thank to "Coursera.org" for this oportunity.
It was a great learning experience for me. The teachers instructions were clear and concise. I enjoyed this course
A great course! To me, it has made learning Chinease much easier. I will come back for further courses. Thank you!
Very into-the-point and practical. A fast way to be able to basically communicate in Chinese. Thank you very much.
The course is paced well for those who have little to no exposure to spoken Mandarin.  The exercises are engaging.
It is really good course, fine video and sound quality were most likely for me. Also it's very good lessons order.
I really enjoy this course, right now I feel more encourage to start a really strong practice of chinese language
Very nice course for beginners, I get enough skills to made basics conversation with Chinese people.  I liked it.
This was an excellent course I learned a lot of things and improve basics Chinese expressions. Thank you so much.
It's really good course for beginner, looking for more studying Chinese. The teacher is pronounce well. Thank you
I think the teacher is very nice and her pronounciation make the lessons easy to understand.thank you so much ^_^
Very helpful Chinese course. I recommend this to all Chinese novices or those who will sit the HSK1 examination .
It is a excelent course, you can increase your chinese skills, specially if you are principiant in this language.
Chinese is become more and more important, especially in my city Bangkok.This course is great, and easy to learn!
Great teacher, I can jump into daily conversation without learning Chinese Characters. Thank You for the lesson.
The course was a really well designed for a beginner and the instructor was one of the best I have seen so far..
I love this course. It is really helpful for beginners and not boring and has a lot of things to learn. Xie xie.
I liked it very much. The videos were short and easy to understand. I learned the pronunciation and basic words.
Thank you. It's get know an easy and convenient. Let me know more chinese languange. It's really benefit a lot.
Xie xie Laoshi, i can remember my study in elementary school. i will always study more and more about mandarin.
The teacher are very professional. I can learn the Chinese pronunciation from the very beginning. Thanks a lot!
I like this course because it's very good.It not only helps me learn Chinese but also helps me practice English
It has all the basics you need to go out and talk to others. Beautifully explained as per need if the situation
The best course for the person who is going to China. It covers almost everything which a person need to speak.
Very simple and easy to understand, I liked that the videos are short makes it easier to focus on the subject.
Very useful for people who have had some experience in Chinese/ mandarin and just want to have a quick review.
Great course to learn the Chinese basics and start to learn the language from a very practical and useful way.
Thanks to Xiayu Liu and Peking University for this course. Easy, simple, entertaining and very well presented.
It was amazing and I hope to learn next levels easily with such a professional teachers&lectors as Xiaoyu Liu!
An excellent course that I enjoyed from the beginner to the end.  I would recommend this course for beginners.
Very great. It’s make me more interest in Chinese. I will keep learning more. Thanks for your helping course.
You made me feel the Chinese language is very easy. i really like Chinese. Wo xihuan hanyu. xie xie ni laoshi
Great and engaging course! I love the way the content is organized and I am really motivatived to finish it!!
It was very easy and understandable. Thanks very mush for Laoshi))) and have enjoyed by studying this course.
The course is great, the instructor is nice and explains well. Very simple and easy for beginners to follow.
This is an amazing chines learning course for me, I really enjoyed and easily learned basic chines language.
This course is very very good! The Online Class is perfect with  and dinamics practices of the nice teacher.
I like this course very much, the teacher speaks so well, as a foreigner like me, easy to listen and repeat.
Very well-paced and taught course. You can learn basic Chinese if you are coming to china using this course.
Great course! Course providers are into effective explanation and communication with students. Recommend it!
Full of quizzes and tests to test the newly acquired knowledge. This is the way a language should be taught.
Thank you so much for lecturing us to speak Chinese. The lecturer is awesome and know how to teach us well.
I really like your English accent, it is easy to understand and you are very easy to understand. Thank you.
Teacher speaks really slow and clear. The lessons are quite easy to understand and useful for everyday life
This is very good for the beginner who worries about Chinese letter. The course is clear the pronunciation.
The course was wonderful throughout. In fact this is the first course I'm completing with great enthusiasm.
very suitable for beginners who want to learn Chinese.  The instructor's English is very easy to understand
It is a great beginning course. I just wished to see more of chinese characters, which is not covered here.
I like taking online course . The Mandarin lesson here is clear and help with the class i took outside too.
Its very easy and good for new chines language students. Recommended to every one who want to learn chines.
Thanks for helping me learn some Chinese in a way that does not make the language seem impossible to learn!
Excellent! I hope we (students) have a continous course, like "Chinese for Beginners II", would be awesome!
This course is very easy to learn for the beginners. Everybody who interested in Chinese should take that.
It was so beneficial for me, however it needs to be revised regularly. Thank you for this quick course....
I´m so grateful, i learnt a lot for free and that´s a great point, the teacher is great too.Xiexiezaijian
The teacher is incredible, she explains everything very simply, I recommend that you take this course. <3
Amazing, I really like how the teacher explains and how she gives us more exercises and examples as well.
Thank you for the course! It allowed me to see that learning Chinese is not as challenging as it appears.
I like this course very much. I want to continue Chinese further level. Can you suggest me how to start ?
It is a very good start for a beginner like me. I really enjoy the class and gain a lot from this course.
Very clear and explanatory course on the basics of the Chinese language, from grammar to common use words
Great course. It focus on the everyday conversation skills which is very necessary to communicate there.
Thanks to this course I know enough to get around in my city, Chengdu (Sichuan Province, China). Xiexie!
not having to learn Chinese characters, and focusing on day to day conversation words is just my style!
It is an excellent course and I am very grateful for the opportunity they gave me to participate in it.
Easy to follow and do not worry about reading Chinese characters at all! Recommended for all beginners.
I really enjoyed this course! It's brief but goes through main basics in Chinese language. Thank you :)
A very comprehensive course with useful vocab and expressions. A great place to start learning Chinese.
It was really an excellent course.now i feel proficient in chinese spoken language.Instructor too good.
This beginner course is made easily to understand and allow beginner student to actively learn chinese.
It is one of the best course as I have never study in online courses ever.i can recap all my vocabulary
Absolutely wonderful course, very well structured, perfect for beginners and teacher is lovely as well.
Throughout the course, we learned a lot of vocabulary. The teacher is clear and the classes are great.
The teacher is AMAZING, so clear and perfect for everyone wanting to learn Chinese. Highly recommend!!
The course helped me a lot to know basic chinese words and conservation in daily life. Xia xia laoshi!
That fantastic, i end of my course but i can’t receive certificate yet  i don’t know what happen to me
The instructor speaks slowly making it easy to follow and the  quiz is not  too easy and not too hard.
thanks for the course .. it is really good I hope you can add characters to the course not only pinyin
Interesting to see day to day usage of the language. Could we have the Ping-yi and Chinese characters?
I like it a lot. I learned a lot although many things already gone but I constantly come back to this.
Great course.  Very useful for a begginer with no experience in the language.  Great teaching examples
I really love this course. Easy to learn . I hope Peking University can open more higher level course.
It was a nice course,  you learn the basics. Perfect for people that don't know nothing about chinese
This course is really beneficial. Personally this is a good way to review my basic Chinese knowledge.
This course is very good for beginner. I get to learn more vocabulary and learn daily life sentences.
That was really amazing. Now i can read Chinese English version. Also common words for communication.
A very thorough and well laid out simply designed course for beginners of Chinese with no background.
Learned the basics in Chinese. I am glad I took this course before taking classes at my local school.
it is a great course!!! For me, it is an excellent opportunity for learning about others languages...
Great course to get to familiar with mandarin... it will give you the confidence to start practicing.
I really enjoyed this class and hope to continue learning from this instructor. Thank you very much!
I have some mistakes when writting my name on certificate. Now i wanna change my name, how can i do?
learnt many things about china like food,currency,counting and many more. like the course very much,
it is easy to learn and make me not boring during learning.Thank you so much for making this happen!
This was a great class. I look forward to building upon it and doing great things with the language.
Excellent course for beginner . I f you can provide the level 1, 2, 3 etc will be tremendously good.
I liked so much the course, because the teacher does have an excellent way of teaching the language.
This course is easily understand. It's very helpful for whom want to improving or learning Chinese.
This is my first time with Chinese language but you make me fun and can learned it complete. xiexie
you are excellent. we are not in hurry up. please teach basic and elementary courses more and more.
This course is very good. I think I can use the knowledge from this course when I travel to China.
A bit confuse when beginning but after week 2 you will more understand. Thank you for this course.
Love this course,p. The teacher is so amazing with how she teach to pronounce each word. Thank you
This course is very helpful for me. It has easy way to learn and teacher's speaking is very clear.
this course made me understand about chinese lauguage more. It is not difficult for the beginners.
I haven't study Chinese before, but teacher is professional. She taught me very easily understand.
I love this cours. It"s very easy for everyone to start Chinese. I'm Sure. Thank you for teaching.
Excellent!!, using dairy situations we can learn more about chinese culture and common expressions
Excellent introduction to Mandarin pinyin! Supported by practical examples and very good lecturer.
It could have a course for learning Chinese in letters, But still free and will buy a certificate.
very helpful. I hope she there are more learning chinese course not for beginner, for higher lever
great experience learning chinese....well explained each and every word...thanks to the professor
I have loved this course and the way it introduces you to the most basic of the Chinese language.
The teacher is really nice person who can teach difficult in an easy way, Should TRY THIS COURSE.
Great teacher with nice and slow pace of learning. It was a very good casual learning experience.
There's no Chinese characters in this course. Therefore, everyone can easily learn this language.
Highly useful for absolute beginners. Getting acquainted with pinjin was a true discovery for me.
It's a great course because it introduces you into Chinese language in a fun and interactive way.
I had an amazing learning experience, Xiexie ni Liu Nushi! I am so ready for an immediate course!
I loved the course. Very easy to understand and a good way to learn a totally different language
Really good class to learn some key phrases to communicate everyday and establish relationships.
For the first week is quite difficult. "Xiaoyu Liu" her voice very easy to understand. thank you
its GREAT , I learned much and I happy because I like to learn many languages. Excellet teacher.
The instructor is amazing and taught everything thoroughly and well. I hope to visit China soon!
Your teaching is very great. I'm From Thailand. I'm leaning chinese and I See them. I Like It!!!
thank  ma'm your wonderfull teacher ....chinese for biginners is very easy that becouse of maa'm
This is an excellent introduction to Chinese language. I recommend this course to all beginners.
A springboard to start learning Chinese. Very accessible and easy on that tone-deaf Western ear.
Excellent course, just the right pace of learning! Perhaps the quizzes could be more difficult.
I loved this course! I think that anyone could do it and that it has helped me a lot. Thank you
I enjoy learning a lot
Hopefully one day I will travel to China.
Thank you for the good course.
Absolutely loved it! Learned so much! Really looking forward to practicing on my own even more!
really good course for beginner like me teach step by step , easy to understand and can used it
I had a very good experience while completing this course. The instructor is very good. Xiexie.
I liked it a lot! Continue and do more courses of chinese. Now I want to learn how to write too
Very good for beginners and good for students who want to practice the foundations of chinese.
It's very fun ,easy to understand and interesting. It's make me to want to learn Chinese more.
It a good course for people who want to learn the beginning and the teacher teaches very well.
Easy to learn, good staff and materials; i am happy that now i know some chinese.XiexieZaijian
Is a really useful course that helps us to know more about another culture language and idiom.
It's really simple but interesting. I thought that Chinese will be much harder and I was wrong
Great conversational course! Everything is clear, the teacher pays attention on special cases.
A wonderful course and an amazing instructor. Hope to get a next level with the same professor
I completed the course Chinese for beginner and so I really like both the course and Chinese.
Easy to understand and simple guide to follow. Great for beginners. Thank you for the course.
it was awesome. lessons were very clear and understandable. i really enjoy this course a lot.
I enjoyed taking this course! the course instructor was really amazing and explained clearly!
The teacher explained very clear. Covered all basic information. Thank you, Peking University
Great for basic chinese in everyday life. I can make a simple conversation after this course.
It is very amazing course you will never regret if you gave it more time its very nice course
Very good for beginners. Focuses on conversational skills without needing to know characters.
Very good course! It was my first contact with Chinese language and I learnt so much, thanks!
It is a very good and systematic program and attracted me to study the Chinese language more
This course is amazing. I highly recommend for anyone who's interesting in Chinese speaking.
This course appropriate with everyone who may be has background knowledge in Chinese or not.
Thank teacher give me 1 couses wonderful. now, I can speak simlpe chinase with people china.
Thank you so much. I’ve learn a lot of knowledge from this course. I will continue practice.
a very simple first step in this language. Easy to follow with no Knowledge of the language.
It's a good choice to take this course to learn Chinese and English when you have free time.
Good material, just do it, you will see that is chinese is not so difficult as it seams.....
Nice to start, easy and funny to get involved, you see the difference in last weeksCongrats!
Although I am still learning, the course that I have covered so far is absolutely brilliant.
This course is very good. Easy , teacher great congratulations everyone!I hope next edition.
I am very grateful for this course, it helped me a lot and now I have learned many things ♡
Excellent course, I have learnt so much. Course is well paced and the instruction is clear.
If you want to learn Chinese, I suggest you to enroll this course! Very easy to understand.
Basic Chinese language that you can learn some vocabulary, pronunciation, and some grammar.
Good accent teacher easy to understandContent is a basic matter that we can actually apply.
I really like this course. This course is good because it makes me to understand in Chinese
Great explanations by Xiaoyu Liu madam.Xiexie for making my 1st time at Coursera memorable.
The course provides practical daily words and clear speech from the tutor. Thank  you much!
An interesting course and I love Xiaoyu Liu  so much , special thanks for Coursera platform
i enjoyed the course. thanks for giving me the opportunity to learn Chinese. Thanks so much
Good general overview of chinese. Teaches key words that are useful in daily communication.
very difficult course but I learned a lot and have a new appreciation for Mandarin Chinese!
thank you!! It was a really different and special experiment for me to try learning chinese
Great course, i learned a lot from it. I look forward to another course like this :DThanks!
This is a good course. Xie xie laoshi to give me so much knowledge about Chinese language.
Thanks for this opportunity, it was a pleasure to take this class with so a great teacher!
I think this couse is very useful because you can get a lot of vocabularies in daily life.
the course was quite easy to follow and I've been able to make some friends from Zhengzhou
everything was fine, but i would like to hear more about grammer. thanks to the professor.
Excellent overview of key beginner concepts. I wish there were more classes in the series!
Great course. A complete introduction to this language. Teacher is very capable and clear.
Es muy bueno y fácil de completar.I love it, it was very good and useful, easy to follow.
It was too good and the instructor explained everything very nicely , xiexie , zaijian :)
Pretty good and convenient. Covers all the basics needed to communicate the simple stuff.
It was a pretty good way to learn tones and it's a good break from learning through apps.
easy introduction to Chinese even is a hard language but with this course it make it easy
Really nice course  enables one to understand well. I really like the method of teaching.
Very well prepared and presented. I really had fun while auditing this course. Thank you!
This course is easy to follow long with and the homework is written nicely. xiexie laoshi
the course was really good.i learned a lot and i like that it has a quiz on each lesson.
I did learn to hear to and to say carefully some daily life vocabulary in chinese. 我很开心！
Basic course for starter.Easy english pronounciations.Feel some kindness trought laptop.
I really enjoyed this course !! The teacher made Chinese language easier than I thought.
Easy to learn and understand. The teacher guides and the exercise provided is excellent.
It's a great course and very clear and precise. It gets you very handy with some basics.
I can learn more Chinese ,more vocabulary and can speak a little bit chinese,I so proud!
A wonderful course with a great teacher. I brilliant entrance to such a vibrant language
Really excellent for starters giving already good basics of knowledge and understanding!
Right amount of work a week, practical, interactive, interesting, perfect to begin with!
Very good this course. It made it easy to grasp the basic concepts of mandarin Chinese !
This course is so good and makes me know a lot of word in Chinese. Thank you so much :)
Excellent course for who would like to attend to get Basic concepts and daily speaking.
Nice introductory course! Easy to understand and teacher explain everything super fine!
The instructor taught very good, easy to understand and can be used. Thank you so much.
It's a very good course for the beginner for chinese. Easy to listening and understand.
Xièxiè, it has been a wonderful experience, I certainly will continue to study chinese.
The course is fun, the teacher is easy to understand. I learned a lot of things. thanks
Really good course, I hope have more like this, and more information about Chinese life
Great course, well simplified with an instructor who knows just how to deliver so well.
nice work done by the instructor, explained the language from grass root level. thanks.
This course is very useful to understand daily expressions. I like this course so much.
Easy to follow, and understand. I love that I am able to speak some phrases in Chinese.
Good simple lesson plans for beginners to follow. A great introduction to the language.
It´s a great introduction course to Chinese language! Congratulations to the organizers
This course is very practical, I would recommend everybody interested on learn mandarin
This course really help me to understand basic chinese, how to read and speak chinese.
i love this sites which makes every person to learn everything from there in home too.
Thank you so much. I like this course. It's really good for beginner. xie xie lao shi.
Easily understanding and some how related to english language so can understand easliy
This course is really a good place to start on Chinese I've learned so much zai jian !
Thank you a lot, This is so great for the beginner like me who interesting in chinese.
it's good. I received a lot of knowledge from this course. Thank you for teaching.  谢谢
So super course, I could learn basic Chinese and communicate with some Chinese friends
It's a wonderful course. It show that Chinese can be spoken for anyone.Thanks Mrs. Liu
Excellent course.  Everything was well presented and it gives the learner a good base.
Its been a most elaborate clearly structured and properly administered course program.
Good for beginners, as well as for those who need to review some knowledge and skills.
Thank you for the great videos and lessons. I got lots of knowledge from this course.
Thank you so much for everything that you teach, it's very easy to understand xiexie.
The course content is rich and the tutor is following a convenient teaching approach.
Amazing. I like it, keep it up. It keeps me connected with my online chinese friends.
Very Good Instructor, and very well presented material. Loving this course. Worth it.
Thank you so much! Thanks to you, I discovered such a wonderful language as Chinese!
Thx for this course !!!!!very very helpful me and thx for teacher too you so kind ❤️
This is an excellent course for begginers. I recommend the last weeks of the course.
This course is very useful for a person who wants to speak Chinese in everyday life!
This is the perfect portable study resource that you can study anywhere and anytime.
Professor is very good! Easy to listen both Chinese and English. I love this lesson!
You're so kind !The way you taught make it easy to learn.Thank you very much.xie xie
i prefer to have chinese word along with pinyin. Some pictures does not quite clear.
Amazing and easy to follow. A brilliant way to begin to learn how to speak Mandarin.
Had fun learning chinese for beginners. Hope to do the advance course in it as well.
Wonderful Course for Beginners to learn Chinese and Big Thank you to the Instructor!
very good course. Its tough to learn but the course made it easy. very nice trainer.
Great Introduction to Chinese. I still need to practice more. Well taught thank you.
I'm now very glad to learn with you and for benefiting of new skills in Mandarin. Xi
It was an awesome course. Here where I get to know about GIT Hub... Thanks to Tutor.
I am slowly making it through the lessons. A very confident presenter makes it cool.
A very good course for anyone wanting to learn basic spoken mandarin and the Pinyin.
This course suitable for who want to know the basic words and conversation sentens.
The course is very interesting! The material feed was excellent. Thank you so much!
Thoroughly enjoyed my time. the course was easy to understand and learn. Thank you!
Teacher pronounces so great,easy to catch the word and easy to study for beginners.
Simple, easy to understand and straightforward! I would recommend it to my friends.
xiaoyu liu mam ,thank you so much and the way explained was quite clear and awsome.
excellent this course.amazing cool content,anyone can easy to learn china language.
GOOD COURSE AND TOO GOOD INSTRUCTOR WHO INSTRUCTS EVERYTHING CLEARLY TO UNDERSTAND.
It's very good to learn Chinese here. I really happiness. Teacher is good teaching.
Great course! Suitable for everyone who doesn't experience learning Chinese before.
Very Useful,many practical sentences in this course! Cannot wait to enroll another.
Course Material and course design is very useful. Now i can speak chinese. Xie Xie.
The best course of Chinese. I loved it and I would like what would have more levels
Highly recommended! Very easy to learn! Professor's style is easily understandable!
I like it, I think is very useful and easy to understand for beginners. Thank you!!
Very usseful as introduction. I lost the fear to a language very different of mine.
hello from Russia...it's very good course for learning Chinese language. i like it!
by the way,  it was a good start for me to learn the first time chinese. Thank you!
it make me to interested in chinese and want to learn how I can speak chinese well
I learned a lot of thing from this couse and I like teacher now I'm your student .
Thank you! This course means a lot for me. Hope I can improve my chinese language.
it's really cool to study chinese for beginner, expecially for basic conversation.
Amazing! This course helped me get top scores in the Chinese subject at my school.
I am glad to took this class. i get a lot from professor yin special thanks to her
very helpful of learning basic chinese expressions.... wŏ xĭhuan zhōngwén, xièxie!
I've thoroughly enjoyed this course..... and learned Chinese in an excellent way.
Fantastic experience for somewhere with little experience! Thanks so much, Laoshi
Highly recommend to others who want to learn basic Mandarin. Easy and practical !
Well designed and planned modules.. Very effective methods of teaching language..
Teacher spoke very clear and slow enough for me to understand. Thank you so much.
Very good and useful. It really helps to communicate with Chinese people. Thanks.
I  like it. It was a good introduction to remember my course I did long time ago.
comprehensively composed class, picking up from here was pretty much easy. Xiexie
Exceptional introduction to chinese oral speeking and cultural aspects of China !
Great course, very instructional and a good way to be introduced to the language.
This course is highly recommended for those who learn Chinese for the first time.
This Course is really wonderful for the enthusiastic Chinese learners...........
This course is very useful for people who want to study Chinese at the beginning
Great for building up vocabulary and very simple since no characters are needed.
The style of teaching and presenting material is logical and easy to comprehend.
A great course for the beginners and also for whoever wants to practice Chinese!
very good course I love it.Thanks for course I think Chinese language very good.
Really great beginner course. Got introduced to common language in short videos.
A very good course to get the basics of the Chinese language for the beginners !
Lao Shi should also show the character of each word during the teaching as well
Excellent course! Very clearly explained and useful words and phrases. Xie xie!
It was a very nice course with basic Chinese skills. Easy to finish course too.
I have more new vocabulary after learning this course. Love you, thank teacher.
It is very useful and get more practice Chineses language.Thank you for support
I take this course is good for who interest Chinese language. xie xie laoshi ❤️
it was amazing! easy to learn, comprehensible english speaking teacher. Xie Xie
Teaches quite a lot of basic conversation elements which are extremely helpful.
She is very good instructor.Even now i can speak basic Chinese. Thanks Coursera
Very nice introduction to Chinese with a lot of work from a skilled teacher. :)
this course is easy to understand and the teacher explains it briefly. thank u
Nice simple basic Chinese conversation. No lesson on how to read the character
This course is really helpful. It covers all the basics that you need to know.
The course was useful and insightful. Was easy to grab the basics of mandarin.
This course is very good!! It is a good start for a beginner like me. Xiexie!!
It has been fantastic! Learned a lot of chinese. Can't wait to travel to China
Course is clear and at a good pace that I could follow the lessons. Thank you.
I think very good course. Simple explanations and examples easy to understand.
Very good course for the beginners, who knows absolutely nothing about chinese
A very pleasant introduction to Chinese by a competent and passionate teacher!
thanks for organizing such an amazing course. I have leanrnt a lot form that.
Fantastic course. Easy to follow and meaningful sentences. Thank you so much!
Simple and comprehensible. I'll recommend this for someone who is a beginner.
Excellent course. The content is well made and nicely flows from week 1 to 7.
I like this course. Teacher teach very well. She can explain to the easy way.
This is a very good course. Made me feel confident in starting to use Chinese
An excellent course to acquaint with Chinese language and good to start with!
Excellent course! What was the only flaw? It was too short! Xièxie & zàijiàn!
This course is very useful and basic for beginners who want to learn Chinese.
Fantastic introduction for someone who has never experienced mandarin before.
Very useful course.  Easy to understand.  Included all necessary activities.
Easy to understand even participants don't have any knowledge about Chinese.
The lecturer was very clear in her intonations. This course is very helpful.
The instructor is great. She is calm and composed and her voice is soothing.
Easy to understand, An instructor can explain clearly and easy to listening.
That course is very good to beginners of Chinese like me😊 I'm very pleased.
Thank you , This course improve my conversation skills with netive speakers.
It’s very good for beginner and want to review old knowledge for ourselves .
I learn chinese words and pronunciation with these course thank you so much!
This course is very good to the people who want to learn Chinese. Very Good.
l really liked this course. Very professional and the teacher is very clear!
Very informative and the module will really help beginners to learn Chinese
Very interesting courseThis a good first step for a language so complicated
I have lots of fun and also know lots of new things about Chinese language.
It’s a very good time to joy this class. It’s easy to learn and understand.
Very cool. I can communicate with my friend in Chinese with basic sentences
I think this course was awesome! Very well laid out and easy to understand!
super experience, i got a knowledge on speaking and reading and pronouncing
Simple enough for beginners to learn some words for conversational mandarin
it's a good course for beginner. I am really happy to study with teacher :)
Teachers teach vocabulary that we use regularly and are easy to understand.
This is a basic that everyone who needs to study in zhong gua !!! Fighting!
The best way to get start your new language and plan to travel China after!
This course is amazing and I learned many things by it ,thank you too mush.
Helpful and useful well laid out course work. Thanks to my tutor Xiaoyu Liu
Great way of teaching a foreign languages. Small bits are easy to remember.
This is very good course, especially useful for beginners. Thank you LAOSHI
A very well designed course that covers the essential vocabulary if you are
Excellent course to learn pinyin and listening and well as spoken Mandarin!
This course is very simple to follow and a nice introduction for beginners.
I enjoyed learning basic chinese! The instructor is very pleasant as well.
Very useful and fun to learn a new things and new language. Recommended 👍
So good course for learning chinese for begginersTHANKS SO MUCH为乞丐学习中文的好课程
Very good structure and easy presentation. The topics are clear explained.
Really easy for beginners, i'm happy to course in here, see you next step.
I was impressed, learned, enjoyed and learned. A lot of general vocabulary
This Chinese course is improve skill for me thank you very much. xiexie ni
Thank u so much for this well build course ! I was so enjoying to join it!
Highly recommended, if you learn this you should have completed chinese 1!
Great course and very easy to follow. I may do it again just for practice.
I really appreciated the course and have found it very helpful . Hen Hao !
excellent, an actual chinese person was impressed with my ability to speak
Definitely worth while, a perfect introductory series into basic Mandarin.
pretty awesome for your first steps into chinese. Better than any A1 Book!
The teacher is good!!.. I like the way as she taught and gave every lesson
it is very helpful for me so i can help my kids in their Chinese homework
Easy to learn and you can use it as a daily life conversation in Chinese.
Thank you for the course. It is presented in a clear, well-organized way.
very helpful and easy learning for beginners very well explain by teacher
Basic vocabulary and simple grammar. Perfect to start learning Chinese!!1
Interesting lessons, Easy lessons to learn and understand. Good Professor
Thank you very much after learn this course my Chinese improve very much.
I love Chinese and Chinese people! Great to learn and easy to understand.
Really easy for beginners because it has only pinyin. I love this course.
I love this cause very much. It easy to learn and match for the beginner.
It's very easy for the beginners who are interesting in Chinese language.
Instructor is so nice. I can follow the course easily. Xie Xie! Laoshi :D
This is very very good for everyone who want to learn Chinese. Thank you.
Excellent, 100% recommended. Thanks to the teacher! Regards from Colombia
I learnt a lot during this course in a short amount of time. Thanks !!!!!
good for foreigner to learn, I am Chinese anyway feeling that course good
Great introduction to Chinese basics. I'm waiting for the next curses! :)
Clear, straight forward, well thought out. The instructor was excellent.
Is an course to start learning Chinese ,It's fun and easy to understand.
Chinese language become more easier then you expect please give it a try
Excelent, it's awesome to learn chinese in a easy way! thanks Xiaoyu Liu
A great opportunity to initiate in the chinese language
very recommended
Very good. It is better than the "Mandarin for Beginners" course in edx.
This course is easy to understand and give me lot of chance to practice.
This so easy to understand, thank you laoshi you're very kind. 💖💖💖💖
This course is easy to understand and good for the basic pronunciation.
All basics of Chinese are in this course, quite helpful for me in China
Very useful course to learn the basic conversation in chinese. loved it
Thank you for such a wonderful lesson.I’m really appreciate that 🙏🏻💜
It would have been nice to learn Chinese characters and not all pinyin.
I like this class a lot. Thank you for give me a Chinese for Beginners!
I loved this course! Very instructive, made the Mandarin easy to learn!
I loved this class and learned a lot ! When does the next class begin ?
as good as any other language course ive taken that costed actual money
Excellent course, it provides a strong base; in order to learn chinese.
This is an excellent course if you want to learn the basics of Chinese.
It is a great course that helps you to pick up the basics in Mandarin.
It was very helpful and let the door opened to me for future progress.
Amazing first approach to this fascinating language. 100% recommended!
很好！This Chinese course is a little bit easy convenients for biginners.
Amazing!!! Excellent work by our laoshi!!!!!!!! Thank you very much!!!
This course is very importance for everyone who want to learn Chiness.
Easy to follow videos.  Highly recommend as a starter Chinese course.
I hope in the future this course may have to learn how to write hanzi
Excellent course. Very interesting and fun to learn the basic chinese
Very helpful course although the lessons use pinyin and English only.
Great teacher and useful lessons! Easy to understand and fun to learn
I'm glad and jubliant to improve my basic foundation on this language
Sweet voice, a good teacher, student-friendly. Course content is easy
great first approach to this language. Hope to be able to use it soon
It​'s​ good​ start​ for​ a​ beginer to​ learn​ Chinese​ with​ course.
Carefully scripted to make even the most difficult of learners learn.
Thanks for this i think this course make me better in language skill.
I Learned a lot to improve my systematic reviews through this course.
Thank you so much .It's very useful , can improve my chinese skills .
Really was the best chinese course that i could do, thank you so much
Really a helpful course for beginners. Learnt a lot and also enjoyed.
Amazing! Her pronunciation is very easy to understand. Just loved it.
A very good and easy course. Easily understandable and good learning.
Really enjoyed the course , hoping there will be more Chinese courses
Is a very good course for learn chinese, I learn much in this course.
An amazing course, very detailed explanation and interesting course!
This is a great course for beginners. I like it. Thank you so much!!
very good course for beginner but if you can make pdf for all lesson
I enjoyed this course. It was an amazing way to learn basic chinese.
Really liked how precisely this course was taught. Highly recommend.
This course is very helpful to improve my Chinese. Thank you so much
It was a great and enlightening.I have learnt a lot from the course.
it's understandable! Simple easy and can be applicable in daily life
It was a insightful experience and I learned a lot from this course.
It's easy to learn by yourself even if you don't have basic Chinese.
A great teacher teaches here & help you in every aspects of learning
i think its more better if you put hanzi on the task. xiexie laoshi.
I like so much this course because i could learn some useful phrases
Thank you for this course. It's very helpful and easy to understand.
I always wanted to learn chinese. Thank you for helping me with that
The teacher did a great job in teaching foreigner like me. Thank you
A very nice course for people looking to learn Chinese as a beginner
This is a great introduction to the Chinese language. Very complete.
The course is well structured and easy to understand. I enjoyed it.
a amazing experience with well managed program. highly recommended.
This is the most suitable course who has a little basic of chinese.
Thank you an amazing course. I hope I can study more about Chinese.
I got a useful trick from this class. It is very good for beginner.
Teaching is pure and natural. I learned a lot <3 Thank you so much!
THANK YOU laoshi ❤ This course is great content and easy to follow.
so amazing to join this course because this course get more benefit
Good platform for beginner. Will definitely enroll in more courses.
Great introductary course, with clear explanations. Lovely teacher!
very exciting course and the lecturer was very clear and organized
I wish that this course would have Chinese traditional characters.
Thank you very much to teach me very clear and easy to understand.
The teacher speaks very clear and very good explanation! Thank you
Good course. I think it would be interesting how write in chinese.
I enjoy learning Chinese but some part I couldn’t score good marks
easy to follow and understand , teacher is also good at explaining
This course suitable for beginners, who interest to learn Chinese.
Wonderful course. Really easy to understand and I'm very enjoy it.
it is very simple but super useful to start to understand chinese.
Very clear and simple, making easy to start with a basic mandarin.
This course is well designed and very informative for beginners. .
Realy useful and interesting as first approach to Chinese language
It's a excellent course. All the content and the teacher excellent
You will have to practice more than expected if you want to learn
Thank for this course, I learn the basic of Chinese. Very helpful
Thank you for your test, It help me to improve in Chineses skill.
This is a good cause for the beginner but they only teach pinyin.
It's very good for me to improve my basic Chinese language skill.
This course is very useful for the beginner and so east to learn.
amazing lecturer and very well structures and easy to understand.
I love this course so much. This improves my chinese skill better
The lecture is very cute and inspire the spirit of loving Chinese
I found this very good for the early learners of Chinese language
muy bueno. he aprendido bastante. very good, i had learn so much.
I am really enjoying the lessons. These are easy to master.謝謝老師們。
Very good and simple course to get started, very well explained.
I learned a lot . The teachear was excellent. I'II recommend it!
Good course. If anybody want to practice your chinese, Let join.
This is the simple course that everyone can self-study. So easy!
Great mix of reading, speaking and listening. Really enjoyed it.
Excellent course! Really get to improve my pinyin pronunciation.
thank yo so much for free online curse while the quarantine time
syllabus is organized in a
good waygood teacher made things easy
Easy to understand for Beginners and can apply for everyday used
This course is awesome and very useful! I have enjoyed it a lot.
A very good instructor that made learning Chinese fun and easy!!
a great start for beginners and clear simple and enjoyable class
The perfect course for a basic understanding of Chinese language
The clarity of explanation was impeccable. Thank you very much.
I loved it, I learned a lot and the teacher explains very well.
I enjoyed how quick it was and how much I have learned from it.
its very helpful for me learn this language for the first time.
This course is good when you want to learn Chinese with verbal.
It was really helpful.I'm so interested in learning chinese now
good for practicing basic Chinese conversation in everyday life
Assalam o alikm! pleasure for me to be the part of this course.
I highly recommend this course to any true beginner in Chinese.
Great class, easy to understand and resourse can be downloaded.
Xiexie, ta shi ruci youyi.Thank you it has been so informative
A course well structured and perfect for beginners. Thank you!
I love how she made the course. Simple and easy to understand.
Great material that helped me refresh my knowledge in mandarin
Very good teaching, easy to understand, suitable for beginners
This course make me understand more about pronouncing chieses.
The teacher is very good. She said very clearly and understand
Easy to understand, get the basic conversations and vocabulary
Very great teacher, this course made me want to learn Chinese!
very good and informative for anyone who is on beginner-level.
I think this is a great program for for schools  and everybody
Makes a simple, yet very effective start to learning Chinese!!
Highly recommended for those who want to learn as self study.
It's the best and very easy course to learn Chinese speaking.
Thank you this is very good course, i got lots of vocabulary.
Wonderful course and excellent professor.Thank you very much!
A great teacher, really enjoyed this course thank you so much
Really a nice course and we'll explained .very sweet teacher.
Straight to the point. Useful material. I enjoyed it, xièxie.
i've gained a lot of knowledge from this course. Thank you :)
such a good course ever! thank you for giving us a knowledge.
It's very easy than I thought and you teaching so clearly. :)
Fantastic teacher, pacing, and introduction to grammar/tones.
Well paced and contains vital information that is all usable.
Good course for beginners. you gain much knowledge from this.
Excellent videos for beginners who wants to speak in Chinese.
Excellent course and I wish there is another one to follow up
I AM LEARNING A LOT AND MY PRONUNCIATION SKILLS HAS IMPROVED.
Very useful courses. I really liked it. Thank you very much.
This was a very good course. I could understand the basics .
Wonderful instructor! What an engaging and enjoyable course!
The course was very well taught and it’s well explained ☺️☺️
It a good way to begin to learn Chinese I love every lesson.
It was so informative and well presented. Thank you so much.
I liked a lot the way in which the teacher shows the topics.
It’s a really good course to learn basic phrasing to travel.
really good for beginner. it's very useful. I like it a lot'
It is a very good course for beginners! Really recommend it!
Thic course help me to learn and inspired me to prove myself
Its really my me to learn many thingsShe teaches very nicely
Good and easy to understand for beginner who wants to start!
The Teaching is very good to understand and very interesting
Thank you so much for an amazing course. I enjoyed it a lot.
Very clear and concise, great way to start learning Chinese.
is very easy and the teacher explains so easy to understand.
I really enjoyed this course its lots of informative for me.
that is ok, i like it very much, and i recomend  this course
Go approach to start to understand how mandarin is organized
This course will definitely help me speak Mandarin in China.
Clear instructions and easy to learn for beginners. Love it.
It 's perfect for those who try to speak for the first time!
This Course is good for new learners. I enjoyed this course.
Great overview of basic vocabulary and expressions. Thanks!
I love this course so much! thank u! the teacher is amazing
How it was being taught was simple and easy to follow along
Very good for the beginners and it very easy to understand.
this course is very useful and suitable for a new starter!!
Excellent course for learning basic Mandarin fast and easy.
This course can make me communicate the basic conversation.
THANK YOU ,ITS VERY PROFFESIONAL WORK AND IS EASY TO LEARN.
This course is so helpful!Thank you, Teacher Xiaoyu Liu! <3
Simple and easy to understand for beginners but very useful
I really like this study because the teaching is very good
very intuitive for people who's starting to learn mandarin
very valuable and easy to learn ,i love coursera very much
This course is easy to learn and helpful for the beginner.
very useful, clear accent and provide informative learning
It was amazing course, i learn alot of new  Chinese words.
it was an amazing course to know the basics. Thanks Laoshi
Great, opportunity during times of Pandemic, quality tines
It's a good time to learn Chinese Thank you for everything
Excellent! Thanks for making education availabale! 特别好!谢谢!
Good course!!!  You can learn a new language on easy way!!
This course is so helpful. Thank you so much my professor!
This course was complete and very interesting!!! Thank you
Thank you very much for this course! Was very interesting.
very good for a course for beginners. I recommend for all.
very nice and practical introduction into Chinese, tnx  :)
This is a great course Thanks to  instructor and Coursera
this was a great course to begin with chinese. i liked it
Awesome teacher, fun to watch and learn. Laoshi, xiexie !
Amazing Course! A great way of explaining words. Loved it
that's amazing!!! You will upset if you miss this course!
I LIKE THIS OMGGGGGG I CAN SPEAK CHINESE WITH CHINESE PPL
Really enjoyed this course, great for complete beginners.
It made me feel to come back study in high school  again.
this course is very good, i am happy with this. Thank you
It was amazing course & very helpful. Thanks to Coursera.
Really nice to go through and highly recommend to anyone!
That was great! thanks for giving me to take this course!
Excellent Teaching and really made it easy to understand.
It's very interesting and the approach is very appropiate
Really easy  course for  learning. Very pleasant teacher.
Very much informative and best to become being bilingual
Good but need to be more details in vocabulary section .
It's a good basic Chinese learning course! Recommend it!
easy to understand  , nice that I can learn more Chinese
This was a very great opportunity to attend this course.
Thank a lot. I can speak chinese with my chinese friends
this course help me much how to pronounce chinese sounds
Thank you!! This course is excellent. Easy to understand
It's so good for people who want to learn basic Chinese.
Teacher well done. You helped me much. Xie Xie lao shi..
This course is so funny. Content suitable for beginners.
I found it helfpul for start learning Chinese. I'm glad.
Great beginners material. It helps a lot with listening.
Just amazing! my Chinese has considerably improvedXieXie
The most effective way I have found to learning chinese!
Very easy to follow.  Good  pace for complete beginners.
Is perfect for people who actually what yo learn Chinese
very good Chinese accent and way to teach this language.
Very well explained. I am learning the basics very fast.
It's good course to learn Chinese language for beginner.
easy to follow lectures. i really recommend this course!
Good introduction to Chinese with proactive suggestions
Is really easy to understand and learn thru this course
Informative for Chinese basics. A good course to start.
easy and fun and learnable useful Chinese for beginners
Thanks to the knowledge from ...“Chinese for Beginners”
I really liked it and I learned a lot! 100% recommended
It's a awesome possibility to start to study of Chinese
Helped me understand the logic behind speaking chinese!
It's easy to learn for beginnners. Thank you very much.
Thank you for usefull program and easily to understand.
very useful thank you so much for the good opportunity.
Easy to learn and understand for a beginner. I like it!
good for beginning and easy to understand all of lesson
Must have for beginners ! really clear , thanks a lot!!
Very good teacher, this course is useful for beginners.
Great course to start learning Chinese. Easy to follow.
Please have more language courses like this on Coursera
its perfect for beginners like me and the tutor is good
This is an excellent course. Thank you! I learnt a lot.
I felt very motivated during this course, it was a joy!
nice, well organized, and practical. in short: perfect!
liked the course and the lady teaching - very pleasant!
Excellent way to learn the basic of an ancient language
It is a really great course to begin learning chinese.
Very informative and beginner-friendly! Learned a lot!
I was really enjoy studying. This course is excellent.
Its very very helpful to learn basic chinese language.
very good course, useful basic vocab in everyday life.
it's easy to understand. I like it so much, thank you.
it was a great course, I have enjoyed it. thank you :)
I really enjoyed it a lot and learned a lot of things.
Thank you for giving me knowledge of Chinese language.
Clear explanations and easily understandable material.
I enjoy studying the new language. thank you so much!!
it so easy to learn. chinese language is not dificult.
Perfect course for learner that wish to learn Chinese.
Very instructional and motivational. I really liked it
I'm really learning. It's not easy, but it's possible.
loved it loved loved it, simply put and easy to follow
its a very different language from other European ones
It's a lot of fun learning a new language. Thank you.
It helps learning basic tones, sounds and vocabulary.
this is good course for chinese beginner and traveler
easy to learn and understand. i love the teacher too.
This course is very good. Thank you Teacher. 值得学习，谢谢。
First step to start learning new thing for your life.
It's straightforward to learn this course. I love it.
It's amazing I learned very easily thank you Soo much
Clear explanations and friendly teacher in the videos
Best Chinese course I've seen so far. I recommend it.
It a great start for talking some phrases in chinese.
Easy to learn Chinese.  It is very clear instruction.
I'm really liking it even though I've just started it
An excellent start for learning the Chinese language!
Loved the way it was simplified for all us beginners!
It was fantastic, and easy for a beginner to pick up.
Great Beginner Course for Chinese Mandarin. Xie xie!
It’s good. I like Chinese language.Thank you So much
Well structure for an introductory course of chinese
this course is very useful to my language knowledge.
This is very good for a beginner like me. Thank you!
EXCELLENT CHINESE Language learning course . Thanks.
Really enjoyed learning chinese through your program
Teacher is so good. She explain very well and clear.
nice i like it this cours becausefor really beginner
Able to understand very easily and it is very clear.
i understand chinese than before , thank you teacher
This​ is ​ very​ good.for​ learning chinese beginers
It's a good for for start to learn Chinese languages
Short but very interesting and eye-catching. Xiexie!
Amazing learning time!!! thanks all for this course.
Excellent course. Very practical and easy to follow.
easy to understand, and a great way to learn chinese
Great introduction to chionese learning!  Thank you!
The course was easy to follow and very fast. Thanks.
Excelent! The teacher is nice and patient. I loved.
i enjoyed and very cool this course xie xie zaijian
Enjoyable course, well-structured, excellent tutor.
it's stunning and lot of excitement in this course.
It was really good and I actually had a great time.
Thank yo mam for teaching so well Xiexie ! Zaijian!
I had fun learning Mandarin throughout the process.
I learned a lot of new Chinese words . It's amazing
It a good course for beginners to practice Chinese.
It's really very helpful to know few chinese words.
start with simple sentences and easy to understand.
I think this course is really helpful. Thank a lot!
Very well conducted.Clear and precise explanations.
i like this course. I have learned a lot from this.
Excelent! I Recommend it a lot! I´m learning a lot.
it is very interesting course for learning chinese
Easy to follow and remember. Very good instructor.
i love it !! It's easy to read by simplify words .
This course is very good for the beginner like me.
It is very good and easy to understand any lesson.
Good course. Laoshi teach very easy understanding.
It's easy to learn and understand Chinese language
This is good cours for who want to improve skills.
Very useful for listening and vocabulary learning!
This course helped me a lot in improving my chines
I never thought learning Chinese could be so easy.
It's a good Chinese language program for beginner.
Great course I managed to pick up a few vocabulary
A very good course. A very good teacher!Xiexie! :)
good course focused on the basic Chinese language
I really like this course. Perfect for beginners.
Easy to understand even i am not good at English.
Amazing program made me fell in love with Chinese
I can speak and listen Chineses in daily routines
this is one of my great course  that I 've learnt
The content are very useful especially the notes.
I loved this course, definitely will recommend it
Easy to understand and have homework for practice
I learned basic words for Chinese and it was fun!
It's easy to learn by myself. I like this course.
Easy to understand and very useful in daily life.
It's the best course, I love this course so much.
Perfect course for beginners! Love it! Thank you.
I love this course and she taught it very cleary!
Good teacher easy to understandI Love this course
I like very much, can increase my Chinese skills.
very useful and practical with easy understanding
It was a great experience learning basic Chinese.
This was amazing! It was so easy to follow along!
I think about this course it´s good for begginers
thank you so much i will keep reviewing my notes
Awesome for who want the basic language Chinese.
Very Helpful and easy to learn Chinese Mandarin.
Very precise in pronunciation and verysystematic
I love this course. This course is so excellent!
Great! A lot of useful structures and new words!
Excellent beginners course for phonetic purposes
This course is very helpful. I like this course.
The video is very helpful and easy to understand
Good structure to the course and clear teaching.
Clear presentation building on skills gradually.
So helpful for beginners. Learnt lots of things.
I like the format that it gives you step by step
It was a very good class and very helpful to me.
very good course for a beginner learn Chinese谢谢你
Great course! I´ve learnt many useful things....
Awesome simple courses with an awseome teacher !
Great course to start learning the language with
Great. I've enjoyed a lot learning some Chinese
Excellent teacher and very clear pronunciation!
Very good course 👍 Now I have more confidence.
very good course for new beginner want to learn
Well structured course with sympathetic teacher
Very helpful in conversational Chinese language
it's a really amazing course, totally worth it.
This course is good for start learning Chinese.
fantastic introduction to learn the first steps
I'm from Thailand, Thank you for your teaching.
Easy to understand and focus on necessary vocab
very easy to following the lesson step by step.
very good lessoneasy to understand for beginner
very good course for beginners to learn chinese
Like this course very much! Nice for begginers!
Great and easy to follow through till the end!!
Easy to understand and practice spoken Chinese.
It's an excellent course to learn basic Chinese
is it good lesson for beginner to learn chinese
Excellent course, a very pedagogical approach!
Very good course! Thank you, Pekin University!
I'm really like itThe courses are really great
Thank you for good course of Chinese language.
Verygood,and veryinterestingI want certificate
i love this course the best. Its an eye opener
thank you for this cours it was very yousefull
the teacher is so good, and is good experience
Very fun and easy to pace! Loved the course :)
Thank you very much. This study is very useful
good for people who interest to study chinese.
easy to understand and well content structured
You are the best teacher. Thank you very much.
Fantastic! Very clear and simple to attend to!
I have learned a lot.Now I want to learn more.
Very user friendly course, easy to understand
Very helpful and amazing I love the professor
Very Good Course to learn basic chinese words
for tyhe beginner who want to travel in China
good for start listening and speaking Chinese
It was really easy to understand <3 i love it
Really good for the true beginner (like I am)
I personally got benefitted from this course.
Good course for beginner , easy to understand
this crouse is so good. Thank you teacher Lui
It's really nice course ! fantastic I love it
Very nice course that very clear to learning.
This course is very suitable for the beginner
I can read pinyin and pronounce it correctly.
Its very useful for Chinese foreign learners.
the teacher was very god , she explained well
Love my course and my teacher is the best : )
A pretty good course for different beginners.
Awesome, just what I was looking for!! Thanks
Great course for a complete beginner like me!
Great for someone with no previous knowledge!
Really comfortable with the beginners like me
Excellent Course! Made Mandarin fun to learn.
Very simple, very straightforward. Loved it.
It was amazing and really easy to understand
It's so great to someone that are beginning!
The teacher was very gentle and well spoken.
It's very to understand every single topics.
Easy and nice explanation with good examples
Course which is needed for learning chinese.
It's easy to understand. Thank you, teacher.
this course awesome for study Chinese online
so good it's make me know more about Chinese
This is easy to understand for the beginner.
Good for beginner and please do more section
It's easy to understand Chinese, Thank you!!
recommended for beginner to learn new vocabs
Friendly, simple and just nice for beginners
Perfect! It's better than my Chinese course.
it's easy to understand. really good course.
Nice way of teaching and learning I injoyed
A good course to learn culture and language
I can speak Chinese confidently! Xiexie ni!
I will try to use this in daily life thanks
Absolutely amazing course. Time well spent!
amazing beginners coursevery easy to follow
Ths course is very helpful for  beginner ..
Excellent course to beggin to learn chinese
good for beginnerseasy to understandxiexie!
it's so good for beginnesr to learn Chinese
Awesome, simple, easy, fun and informative.
Very interesting and well explained method.
easy to understand, suitable for beginners.
It is a good course for a beginner to take.
That's the best course than I've ever taken
Great course to introduce Chinese language.
Excellent course I learned a lot!!! Thanks!
Very simple, amusing and easy! Thank you!!!
Great course, I hope it can continue.Thanks
The host teacher explains lessons reliably.
I learned a lot and the teacher is amazing
Good for beginner to love Chinese language
This course it’s an excellent way to start
Thank you for making me understand Chinese
I LEARNED A LOT ON THIS 7 WEEKS OF COURSE.
very helpful for the basic speaking skills
This course is really useful, I love it. !
I studied a lot of chinese in this course.
Great course. You can learn basic Chinese.
good for basic learner! thank you so mcuh!
Really good course, greetings from Mexico.
easy to understand, suitable for beginners
how ican get my certificate send me please
It was pleasure for me to take this course
love Chinese easy to understand thank you!
The course is comprehensible and awesome.
Highly recommended for beginners like me!
Easy to understand and usefulThank you !!
Great course for someone new to Mandarin!
It's the good way for being learn Chinese
It is very well. I can understand alsmost
It helped me to improve my Chinese a lot.
it was really useful course for beginners
Great opportunity for learn basic chinese
Best place to learn chinese .best teacher
I have learned a lot of Chinese language.
Thank you ❤️ It’s very nice for practice.
Pls provides Certificate for free. Thanks
Thanks alot. This course is really great.
Very user-friendly and easy to understand
Excellent course, very clear and complete
Good foundation for learning more chinese
It is very helpful!!!xiexie XIAYU LIU!!!
Easy and interesting to learn and useful
It was very beneficial to improve basics
I loved how easy it was to follow along.
The course is really helpful. Thank you.
The teacher is great and easy to follow.
It's easy to learn Chinese as a beginner
It's easy to learn Chinese for beginner.
The Great way to learn Chinese language.
Very easy to understand xiexie laoshi :)
this course is so good thank you teacher
Amazing professor, suited for beginners.
I really enjoyed the course, It's great.
asy and well organized, perfect to start
Easy course to follow and learn Chinese!
A way to improve your chinese quickly ;)
I have learned Chinese little by little!
A very useful guide to beginner Chinese.
It would be a good choice for beginners.
amazing course! gain a lot of knowledge
this course is helpful.I love very much
Perfect! This course is really helpful!
This course it's an amazing experience.
Thank you so much! I`ve learnt a lot!!!
it easy for people want to lern Chinese
make me improve in chinese skills a lot
thank you! and teacher teach so clear .
THIS COURSE IS AMAZING FOR ME THANK YOU
xiexie I loved this course its the best
Easy to understand. I like it very much
Well explained and motivate me to learn
Helped me refresh my Chinese skills! :)
An amazing teacher and a terrific cours
thank you for this amazing course!!!!!
nice pronunciation easy to under stand
I love this course it was very amazing
Very well-paced, not too overwhelming.
very good course, it is really usefull
Thanks for providing for this platform
I liked so much, I learned a lot !!!!!
It was overall a very good experience.
100% the best Chinese course out there
Thank you. This course helps me a lot.
this is a useful course for beginners.
Easy to understand, I love this course
I really enjoy this course. I love it.
it’s very great experience! Thank you!
good course, useful in the daily life.
It was really good and I learnt a lot!
very supportive and informative course
Great introduction to Mandarin Chinese
This is excellent. Thanks to coursera!
Great! But add some characters,please.
Excellent course, I really enjoyed it!
Pretty basic, but it is a great start.
Pretty good course! Congratulations!!!
Best and most pleasant instructor ever
Please bring the next level...........
This is a really great course. Thanks!
Amazing and easy to learn, I love it.
Easy learning and easy to understand.
This course really amazing! Thank you
Wow! This is so practical! Love this!
explain very nice, easy to understand
Thank you for your amazing course !!!
It's great course ! Thank you for it.
Well delivered and easy to follow up.
Very interesting and great lecturer😊
This course is so much fun and useful
Thank you for your fantastic teacher.
easy to understand. thank you teacher
it is very usefull and easy to learn!
Very Good course for foreign learners
This course is the best for beginner.
It’s very Good for beginners learning
The teacher is good and pace is good.
A lot of knowledge from this course.
This is a good course for a beginner
Great course for absolute beginner!.
Good basic Chinese for conversation.
vey helpful and easy way of learning
The moderator explained very nicely.
THANK YOU. THIS COURSE IS VERY GOOD.
Thanks for course! it is very useful
I love it so much,I will learn more.
Great 👍 thank you for your teaching
good to learning chinese for begener
fun and easy to learn from professor
it's a very useful course. Thank you
nicely explained; good for begginers
great introduction in Chinese course
Thank you for an interesting course!
Excellent course! Enjoyed taking it!
Very good and helpful for beginners
The course was beautifully arranged
I enjoyed the course. Great course.
I love this course. Thank very much
Thank you you are wonderful teacher
It's simple yet easy to understand.
Easy to understand for the beginner
This is a best course for beginners
Very good easy to follow and learn.
Great teacher, great course.XIEXIE
I can now speak Chinese, good info
I really liked the teaching method
I liked it, very good and helpful!
I CANNOT GET CERTIFICATE. NOT GOOD
learn simple but effective chinese
Easily understandable,interesting.
good introduction to the language!
Very well teaching. Great teacher.
Easy for learning the new language
it helps a lot! thank you Coursera
Interactive and easy to understand
Amazing instructor and fun course!
Nice content, thank you very much!
Good way to start learning chinese
Really clear and engaging. Thanks.
Simply love it!!! Thank you!!!!!!!
A good basic couse for beginners!!
I really love this Chinese course.
Great Learning Experience. Xie Xie
Really good, I've learn the basics
muy buen curso.A very good course.
I really had fun with this course
It´s a great course for beginners
Simple, objective, and effective.
best course for beginner to start
Very Useful!! I love this course.
Easy to learn, Easy to understand
SO useful and easy to understand.
Thank you very much! Good luck!))
Great course! Easy to understand.
Teacher is very good. I like her.
It easy to learn and very useful.
A wonderful introduction course!
very easy and exciting i love it
Wonderful experience! Well done!
It's very cool. I learned a lot.
nice course, need more to learn!
very helpful, easy to understand
I am very happy to learn Chinese
I think my chinese skill is well
Excellent teacher. Great Course.
The teacher is so cool and good.
I am really happy to study here.
simply great and amazing course!
really helpful for the beginner.
Thank you for a good leaning :-)
Very great course! Learned alot!
Thanks for the good class lǎoshì
Nice course with nice instructor
I really learned a lot of things
Very good course  for a beginner
Really good explained everything
I love it this course, thE BEST!
Very fun and easy to understand!
It was a great class. Thank you!
It was so good, I learned a lot
The teacher is Great!! thanks!!
spectacular. I Love this course
Good course thank you very much
Easy to understand Nice teacher
Wow it's very important  for me
I had a great experience! 谢谢老师!
I really love to learn Chinese.
Love the instruction and all!!!
Very helpful course! Thank you!
That was amazing!!!Really helps
My first step to learn Chinese!
I like this course. Very Good!
Awesome! The teacher is great.
Easy to learn Useful i love it
Very informative and enjoyable
Very Helpful and Happy for me.
A great course for beginners!!
Easy to learn and good teacher
Amazing, the teacher is awsome
Very useful as a basic course.
Great introduction of Chinese.
content is easy to understand.
The best teacher ever! Xièxie!
The great lesson for foreigner
quite good course for beginner
will be useful for daily life!
i enjoy this course very much!
Best course for the beginners.
very helpful and easy to learn
Thanks for really grate course
I can improve my Chinese skill
Easy to understand and helpful
awesome!  I really  enjoy it !
Very nice and pleasure course!
have a blast learning chinese!
This is the best way to learn!
Very nice! I'm enjoying a lot!
The best course for beginners!
good course, wo ai ni laoshi.
Good option to learn Chinese.
It was very good for beginner
Great introduction to chinese
Very good! I love this course
Very easy to learn the basics
Excellent teacher! Thank you!
This is the best of learning.
Easy to follow, great courses
it was an awesome experience!
Great experience all must try
thank you for teaching me :-)
It's very good for beginners.
I enjoyed the course a lot :)
In the last page 5 is 五，not 无
I’m having a whale of a time.
really helpful for daily life
So helpful  thank you so much
Really useful and interesting
nice course for the beginner!
Great for complete beginners.
Instructive and easy to learn
Very useful, I liked a lot :)
simple and good for beginners
Very, very useful! I love it!
The teacher is just amazing!
I love this class! thank you
this course improve my skill
Thank you for the Course, 很好
Nice pace and great teacher.
good and easy for beginners!
Thank you for everything :-)
Simple and clear explaining.
Very clear and easy to learn
It’s great for learn chinese
It was wonderful experience.
From the absolute beginning.
I had a great time learning.
easy to follow, fun to learn
was awesome, im so satisfied
Great first step to Chinese!
I like this course too much.
its a wonderful opportunity
Amazing and valuable course
Excellent Style of teaching
Amazing and really useful !
It seems easy to comprehend
Amazing course for beginner
great course really helpful
It’s good for me, Thank you
basic and survival chinese!
A great start for Mandarin.
I love this course ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Very user friendly and easy
Easy to follow and to learn
Excellent, thanks for this.
Great and effective course!
Great way to learn chinese!
Good course thank you Oscar
A really functional course!
Great course! Very helpful.
Very good beginners course!
very good thank you so much
grate lessons grate teacher
I love it, useful and fun.
i like this course so much
It's an amazing experience
Very nice, for beginners !
Amazing, I really learned.
Amazing course and teacher
It's so good for beginners
Easy and good for beginner
It’s great 🙇🏻‍♀️🙏🏻🥳💖
this is a very good Course
Very good way of teaching!
Best learning Opportunity.
very easy to understand <3
A very good starting point
Great basic Pinyin course!
really useful ! Well done!
Absolutely amazing course.
very hepful!!! thank you!
Make me love Chinese more
good course, nice teacher
Great choice for beginner
it's good for a beginner.
It's do good for beginner
thanks for teaching this.
good for chinese beginner
well,it's a basic Chinese
Amazing!!Loved the laoshi
It's very useful. Thanks.
Very Nice course to study
very useful for the basic
Love this course so much!
Very enjoyable and useful
thank you very much,谢谢您老师
Perfect Course to learn !
The course was well-paced
Quick and Easy to follow.
Good course. I like it :)
it's easy to understand.
Excellent Teaching Style
Excelent! Great Teacher!
its very very intresting
Thank you! Great course!
The best Chinese Teacher
Very Good for Beginners.
thank you for your cours
The teacher was amazing.
I love Chinese language.
This course can help you
easy to listen and learn
Very nice Chinese course
The teacher is very good
It ‘s easy to understand
so good for beginners :)
Very Good and impressive
This is an awesome tool!
This is very usef class.
Very functional learning
Thanks. It was awesome!
It’s a very well course
Thank you for everthing
Well-structured course.
Nice intro to Mandarin!
Thanks for the course !
it isvery easy to learn
Good.Thank you teacher.
It's an awesome course!
It’s good for beginners
A very good teacher.!!!
The lessons are perfect
Learned cinese language
really good love it !!!
This Course is too Good
Good to learn. Love it!
It's really helpful! Th
It was fantastic!!! =D
Thanks For all of This
Beautifully Explained.
Good and easy program.
The best online course
very good for teaching
A very pleasant course
It is so nice to learn
Great course! Hen hao!
i have learn so much!!
I loved  this course.
something interesting
Easy to learn chinese
its very good course!
very nice and helpful
it was good to learn.
I love this course <3
Teacher is very good.
very good for student
Teacher easy to teach
its going good so far
Fantastic! Very good!
Great to get started!
i loved this course.
ITwasagoodexperIence
That a great course.
easily to understand
Perfect for beginner
I love it so much 😻
That’s very course❤️
Exceptionally good .
It was great course.
fantastic, thank you
really help me much
very easy to follow
It's very excellent
Very Good Professor
I like this subject
I like this course.
clearly explanation
Very good thank you
Thank you, Teacher.
What a great start!
easy understandable
I like it too much!
It is very diferent
really helpful =)))
This is amazing....
Me gusto mucho...!
Thank You So Much!
so amazing teacher
I Love it!!!💓💓💓
Easy and practice.
I like this class.
great class so far
Very Good for Me!
It’s good course.
Great. Thank you.
i like this class
very good for me.
Amazing course!!!
thang you so much
Highly recommend.
simple and nice!!
no characters tho
It's really good.
very easy course!
Good experiences
basic and useful
this good for me
thanks for class
amazing journey.
Thank you a lot!
woshizhongguoren
FOR CERTIFICATES
Thanks​ you​ 💗
Great to start!
thanks a lot :)
really amazing!
Me gusto mucho!
very gud course
Very thankful!!
I love Chinese!
A good course.
It is so good.
Very essential
Me gusto mucho
Extremely good
Is good for me
Worth learning
It was Awsome!
Thank yours...
Good and help
that good！！！！
High quality!
easy learning
It’s so great
it's good!!!!
Very Good one
good and Easy
Thank you lot
Good Lesson.
谢谢 Thank you
thank you <3
verry useful
It's so good
thanks a lot
she is great
very useful.
Good course!
basics DONE
That’s good
easytolearn
I loev this
Good caurse
Enjoyed it.
JUST GREAT.
I love it!
I love it.
its great!
I love it
thank so
It’s ok
Great,
The...
