Unfortunately I think the level for this course is very low and not worth paying for, it has a very local perspective of logistics (not involving international logistics but only US operations), there's no communication with the professor or assistants, so it's basically watching a few very short videos explaining general concepts that apply only to certain types of operations. The assignments are very vague, with no requirements or restrictions provided, basically anyone can write anything and as long as you follow the requested format it will be graded ok; grading is not based content and therefore there's no way to know whether you're learning and applying the concepts properly or not.Wouldn't recommend paying for it.
This class is an extremely basic course, with very little "rigor" required to complete.  There were a very small number of "bits and pieces" of information that was useful, but most of the information was not followed up on in a practical manner.  I suspect that this course is primarily designed to be a "money generator"  for Rutgers University.  I also suspect that it is very successful in that a vast majority of the students that I could "see" were from foreign countries.  Their submissions were appallingly poor.  Yet, with very little effort, I have no doubt that they passed the "course" and earned their certificates.  I sincerely hope that this course is not a representative example of the type of rigor applied to full college classes at Rutgers.  If it is, it speaks volumes about the quality of a degree from that institution.
I'm sorry I just un-enrolled from this specialization because unfortunately the Instructor didn't mention all the details in real life how it works and wanted us to design something I never heard of ! this the second time I take a course I didn't Like on coursera !!!
Coursera failed to provide an adequate level of customer service and care.  I signed up for the free trial and due to extenuating circumstances there was a mistaken in my subscription cancellation.  The "Coursera Community Team" essentially copy-pasted a boiler plate refund rejection response to my request for refund.  They couldn't refund me for this type of issue, then I realize they are not worth my future business nor recommendation to others.  Very disappointed.
Course has no protection over peer reviews that are grossly unfair. Try calling Coursera's chat assistant and, after waiting for more than 30 minutes, there's nobody there to assist you.
I wasn't intellectually stimulated. This course was your typical run of the mill learning.
It is horrible. The professor is not engaging at all.
It is so basic and simple.
Pathetic
Course content was good. But I had to wait for 3 -4 weeks to get my certificate. As my peer Review assignment was not assessed  by anyone  for more than 3 weeks even after the given deadline was over. That is a very pathetic experience .
i have not received my certificate still i have co completed it please help me to get it
I was learning up until Week 4 Assignment. I thought it was a very ambiguous assignment. I struggled how to learn to create map in Google maps, and saw now way to save the file?I did learn from the course, but found this last assignment to be confusing, ambiguous, and frustrating due to trying to learn to use the tools (Google Maps) while at same time doing the assignment. So, I basically gave up on this one and submitted low quality test, out of frustration. I did learn and will continue finding articles on logistics, reading, and seeking employment in this area. I really think Coursera should UP the quality of their courses and assignments. Throwing crap together and calling it a learning opportunity is a waste of learners time.
Course material was good but stopped short in a couple of areas I felt it needed to go into to have real value.  e.g. the location and number of depots is important and here's why, but no material covering the practical side of how.This became really evident when grading the assessments for that module, one example included a solution where they had placed a depot next door to each customer, giving 10 depots to service 10 customers, I can in no way imagine this is a good or realistic solution.This is my second minor issue with the course, the assessment criteria is more focused on was the assessment completed rather than was to content any good (which is understandable given its peer reviewed and most will not be qualified to judge the quality of the content.).  In many ways I felt this devalued the certificate for completing the course.
There was a lot of missing information required to make an assessment about the efficiency of both warehousing design and network distribution, and yet the assignments were asking for an assessment and justification.  Students would either have to make up a reason or leave it blank, which I think is half the subject matter.  Also, the assessment questions weren't accurately written, so that when you go to assess peer responses you are asked to include things in the grading rubric that were not listed in the assignment.  On every assignment I had to go back and add things to my submission after seeing the items we were going to be graded on.  I've taken other courses that weren't this badly worded.
This was my first online course through Coursera. This is a VERY basic introduction to the structure of a supply chain. The instructor glosses over many concepts that I would have very much liked further detail on. Concepts like - Pick to Light, inventory systems, sQ and sR methods. At one point the 7R's of logistics are mentioned, but then never listed. This is intended to be a four-week course. I'm glad it allows you to work ahead because it really only required about 45 min of work per unit. I would have been quite upset if I had to pay anymore than the $40 monthly fee for this course. I'm hesitant about taking the follow up full Specialization if it's going to be more of this.
The information was great but I was SOL when trying to ask for help on a quiz. The professor didn't respond back to any of my emails or post about the quiz.
This course is very very basic.No technical or in-depth knowlodge provided.Suitable for students of class 4 maybe.Nonetheless -assignments were OK
If you are not taking exams, you will not be able to "mark" the course as complete. The videos are informative but short (2-4 mins).
Very short course with very little information. I found peer graded system isn't that well. It differs from person to person.
In my opinion it is short of important contents and some of the tasks are not very productive to learn logistics concepts;
A subject of logic has been made theoretical and memory game. That is not what Supply Chain Is. Really disappointed.
Missing connections between information and assignments and I found found the course rather shallow.
you have access to the material, but you have to pay 80 USD to take simple quizzes....
Although this is a introductory course the theoretical explanations are a bit poor...
it's basic, and the instructions of submitting assignments are not enough.
It did not provide much depth, highly unsatisfactory
Poorly designed course with a very basic explanation
Very Basically course about Logistics,
Too little content for the price.
not much useful
it's very basic
* Presentation style and showing locations is a good idea
* Course content is not bad
* Assignments requirements are not clear and there are not enough givens to help us start solving the assignment
* There are a lot of unknown terms which I see for the first time and this makes the course harder for me, so the instructor should define these terms instead of relying on our knowledge which is not existing by the way
I think that the proffesor should explain more. I was a total beginner and I have to do a lot of research by my own.
The content of the course was pretty good. I did not like that a lot of the links and content were outdated, and sometimes the quizzes had questions that were no covered in the content. Also the grading for projects needs a better system. Right now it is peer reviewed and the only way to pass is to basically beg for reviews and that is if your lucky enough to get three reviews and even if there is anyone taking the class at the same time.
If you are new to SCM, then this course can render useful information. If you from the industry, then use this course to validate your experience. The most valuable skill I learned was creating a custom map using Google Maps. Also of note, it's painfully obvious that Rudolf Leuschner, Ph.D., the course instructor, has zero industry experience.
It it too hard to get your assignments graded. All the discussion threads are filled with students requesting others to review the assignment. Took multiple requests to get mine evaluated. Study material is great but the assignment really needs review.
I think the contents and assignments of the course were good, nevertheless the interaction with teachers and other fellow students could be improve and enhance the learning experience.
I think the course is more suitable for people from America. At least let us submit the assignments based on the logistic network present in our home countries.
Good for broad-level understanding. Would have liked more details and case studies. Also actual video of a parcel from the start to the finish would be great.
Very basic approach of the concepts. Course should probably approach more deeply showing more real life examples. Overall it was quite interesting.
It gives some good birds eye view of the topic, but I wish the course had more in-depth discussion of topics and more technical material.
More content could have been delivered and in network logistics calculation of time and distance could have been clearly explained.
Good course for a brief introduction on Logistics, could go deeper in the details and mechanisms of creating a logistics network.
Very good course.Thanks to the respected teacher. Some assignments were really hard and i could have used some more explanation.
This course is good only to give an overview of supply chain logistics, but it does not give little deep to in depth knowledge.
A good class for having a general overview, but it is missing more detailed information about specific and important topics.
This course lacks much explanation even on the basic logistics concepts and halfheartedly  explains whats left.
method of assignment to pass is no good for me.More better is a quiz to passNeed feedback from teacher
yes for beginner it is good but as you give assignments to create Layouts it is more expectation
Is okay if you are looking for a truly introductory course on what is supply chain logistics
Great introductory class on logistics. Require some additional depth on real life scenarios.
I would've like to learn more about inventory management! or maybe reverse logistics
It includes several information about logistics field but it is not so sophisticated
was precise and to the point but some points needed to be explained more
IF provide us with links that may help us to access to some reference.
Interesting statistics and best case practices. Too light.
I want to see more quizzes and less assignments.
More theoretical not much applications
The assignment could include MCQs.
A very good course for logistics
it is good but not that much
I wanted it to be in more detail
This course made it very easy to relate supply chain logistics to real life instances through the use of networks of known companies and how their logistics network are organized. Examining the different modes of transport and how they impact the expected lead times for delivery; while saving the company money in the process was also valuable. Warehousing layout and designing was a very rewarding experience. Also being able to design our own logistics network.
Good basic supply chain training.
The peer graded assignments firstly have too much of weightage, and secondly the reviewers don't necessarily grasp the questions / answers correctly and unknowingly grade incorrectly. A better alternative should be evaluated or ways to improve the accuracy of peer grading needs to be thought of. Apart from it, the course is decent enough being an introductory course not needing too much time dedication per week.
The course material was fantastic; I truly got something out of the videos, readings, and assignments. Other courses on the platform should mimic Rutgers' video length, concise readings, and practical interactive assignments. However, rubrics for and the general idea of peer-reviewed grading should be scrutinized. While the projects themselves were great learning experiences, having grades based on quizzes with precise or exact answers provides for less ambiguity than assignments with more open-ended rubrics.
I found it a very interesting course and the assignments were not too easy, which is good. I just felt that there could have been more content than what we have had to earn the Supply Chain Logistics certificate. I am sure there is so much more that is extremely important to know, but that is just my personal opinion. For the rest I want to thank the people who have set up this course for making it fun and personal as well as interacting with peers. It was a huge success.
Assignments required you to apply knowledge from the lectures and were challenging if you strive to really demonstrate all of the principles throughout, especially the final exam.   As a perfectionist, I spent a lot of time to ensure my assignments were comprehensive and reflect the knowledge I learned for all four weeks.  On bit of constructive criticism is that I think the assignments could be explained more clearly. Very reasonable cost for the course.
This is a really good foundation for people who don't have any background knowledge about this field, it's easy to understand. However, when it comes to tests or assignments there were somethings that not included in the lesson but we have to go on with it if we want to complete the tasks, but it's not a big issue anyway since we can do a little research to understand it. To sum up, this course can help you if you want to learn this field.
I love the way in which the information is provided by professor Rudolg Leuschner. He present the information in different venues and tries to make it more visual.As it is said in the course description, this is just an introduction, so I miss further information about the topics covered in this course. Anyways, it fulfills the objectives and provides you with the basics about Logistics.Thanks a lot for this leaning opportunity.
It good course.  Professor is cute and exert.  I like when professor teach in real situation such as in warehouse, at train station, at truck transport firm. But It is too many peer review assignment >> that make me waste my time for waiting peer to review >> Cause I can not control duration time in specialization 'I don't like finishing course depending on others that have no interest to review my assignment.'
The course could've gone in-depth into the types of vehicles used, what is the procedure to send goods over air frieght and also covered the ship mode also. I feel ship modes are very essential which I did not find in this course. Also, a case study ( for e.g the F1 logistics or NFL logistics problems would've been a great help). I liked the professor's outlook and relateable method of teaching though.
I always used to wonder, as to how were this logistics companies with high variability, volume and precision. This course gave an insight with all the basic steps involved. The assignments were a major push to read more and apply what all was discussed in the course. I did not have much experience with online classes, but if this is how things are done, it quite cool to head a head start!
I loved the course from the very beginning to the end, the assignments and quizzes were insanely brain storming.  Anyone willing to know the secret behind the logistics network, this is for you. Kudos to the tutor. It was worthwhile.  Just a suggestion to update the links in more to read section as many of the pages are no more available and many have been altered.
Relevant, accurate, and helpful material. The Videos, with Learning Opportunities embedded in, are great. However, very much dislike the method of submitting peer-graded assignments: 3 text blocks are not in correct order and do not all have equal functionality. Why have a single, fully functional text block or option to upload assignment as Word Doc or PDF or PPT?
It is paced well for a online specialization course and it needs to pursued until  the 5 courses are done. I would assume the lectures and the study material would get more interesting and the assignments tougher. It is required to cover the topic and provide us the education in Supply Chain. I enjoyed going back to learning and this has been an experience.
Quite good, it is the first course that I have completed in Coursera. The instructor provides some realistic experience in the logistics systems. The problem I have faced that the peers are not honest mostly, I submit an assignment in good but they did not provide the points I deserved. So, I have to re submit the assignment again and again.
the learning material and readings are too general and short, so I find the assignment difficult to complete. Besides, it was good as a start in this topic wish to see more scientific information in the next course of this specialization. Also, some of the extra sources (links) are not working or not available anymore.
This was great learning experience. The teacher explanation was too good to understand and which helped me to match with daily life . I struggle in some place because the entire subject content is based on US. Students like me who is from outside and taking this course is really struggling to work in assignments.
A great introductory course to the logistics component of the supply chain that allowed me to get an overall view of logistics behind any modern supply chain.The teacher introduces all the most relevant concepts and valuable exercises in a passionate manner.It was worth every minute of my dedication and study.
Great for an overview of Logistics, and a simple grounding in: terminology, selecting transit options, warehouse layouts, and logistic network structure. I would have like more detail, for example incoterms. Instructor was easy to understand and moderately entertaining (which I enjoyed).
The contents of this course is very basic and everyone can understand, the quiz and assignments are arranged attractive and challenging. However there are some terms not explained well in the video. I hope the video can be a little bit longer so it can cover more concepts specifically.
Really enjoyed the course. A lot of good material that I enjoyed exploring. Very clear, concise and understandable. If I could add something, I'd like to go more in depth of subject, as I work in this field. That's the reason I'm enrolling in the next Supply Chain Operations course.
It was good enough considering that it is a beginner level course. I would be happier if my assignments were checked by instructors. Thus the 4 star. But as a beginner level course this was fairly easy. I understand that it was done to encourage people to take the second course
I feel like this course, along with the other courses in this specialization, doesn't cover in-depth applications of supply chain management. The course material covers only the basics, and does not adequately prepare a student to take on a job in supply chain management.
The course is very informative . I in particular was aware of the subject, but I realized after the course that the knowledge was superfluous. This course gave me the insight to the intricacy of the topic, the required calculation etc. Over all it was very knowledgeable.
This was a good course . However there were areas that needed improvement for explanations for example - (broken cases explanation )related to warehouse design /layouts .Cross docking explanation in the transportation assignment I feel could have been explained more .
I generally enjoyed the course, but I wish there was a bit more of a taste of the math that would be involved when really diving into Supply Chain Management. As it is, I don't think this course really prepares you for an entry level job in the field.
As such the course content was very good and useful for developing the concepts. I would advise the content design team to expand the teaching examples to areas outside of the US as well, as the business conditions in other regions might be different.
I think this course is a great form to learn about logistic, because in each video the teacher explains the topic with puntual concepts that in the assignments must to do. I'd liked to not only be in US if not in Europe, Asia or South America, too.
A great learning course for the overall concept of Supply Chain with specific focus towards logistics. I did expect the assignments to be more thorough (more detailed), but felt it was quite vague. Yet, this course explains alot of the comebacks.
Content was interesting however after the first peer assignment, I noticed that the audience of this course are not serious about learning.  (i.e. submitted random and empty answers) Hence dropping my interest in completing this course.
I really enjoyed this course! The videos were clear and there were nice links included to some additional reading. Point of improvement: The course is a lot based on peer reviewed assignments, for which I did not get a lot of feedback.
Peer review is somehow unfair. some people don't read thoroughly and gives unfair score, and all of the grade is reviewed by peer review only. Other than that, Course has good contents and you will take some insights from the course.
It was a great learning experience, definitely learned something new and useful. one thing though quizzes could have been a bit more friendly if questions had multiple choice instead of asking the answer in written type
The course was good. Taught me the basics of transportation.It can teach in more detail of how things are actually managed in warehouse and transportation. Also the knowledge of how exactly logistics network is designed
I would like to receive more technical knowledges. Also, the final assessment should be reviewed by a professor in order to release effective feedbacks, which are sometimes not released at all from the course mates.
A good overview for supply chain Logistics with crisp and to the point content, great write up and adequate video's to support and guide for the subject. Strongly suggest people to enroll and get an insight to this
This course was really great. Interactive peer assignments were specifically very fun. I learned about logistics, modes of transport, designing warehouses and a lot more. It's good to know the basics of logistics.
It is very interesting and provided me with so much information and i have learned a lot, it was fun learning something new ,  but it needs more details, more practical examples and discussions from the lecturer
The course was great and I enjoyed doing the assignments. I wouldn't mind having longer videos to watch. Overall it was amazing. Once you start getting good marks in the quiz , you feel keep going on.
its a very helpfull course because as a begginer you need to start from the easy thinks and the do more difficult. I like it very much and for sume it was a good introduction for the logistics world.
I liked it very much. Some links were not avaiable and need to be updated. In the final project, you need to include an attachment for the transit times. There is just one for the logistics network.
it was good introduction to logistics i suggest taking the idioms from videos and google it to have better understanding for each term , the course lack a little bit of explanation.
The amount of study material is limited, but the quality is good and it definitely touches all the general topics and it gives a foundation for understanding supply chain logistics!
It's a good introductory course for people who wants to start learning about Supply Chain Management. The materials are delivered in fun and engaging way, but still understandable.
Good program but needs to be clubbed with the whole supply chain management specialization as a standalone course may not provide the full knowledge across the Supply chain subject
I enjoyed the course, we had lots of examples through the videos but they were really short, but if you want to start your studies in SCM this is a good course for an entry level.
The course is very useful though it can be made more elaborate with more videos & reading materials. Also, assignments are very specific related to the US, it can be made generic.
It was my first course and it was an interesting one. The assignments were very interesting and fun to work on. Kudos to Prof. Leuschner for designing such an awesome course!
Supply Chain Logistics is really an interesting subject where I have learned a lot about warehouse/warehouse design, logistics/logistics network. It gives whole information.
The course is not very detailed only giving you hints about how logistics work on Supply Chain Management. The in-video quizzes are the worst. Overall, satisfactory course.
A nice introduction on concepts related to logistics, applied into interesting and stimulating assignments. Suggested course, especially for people interested in the topic.
I found this course interesting as it applies directly to my present job.  It helped me put in perspective additional factors to be considered in the field of logistics.
Good intro to logistic and supply chain. Well explained and interesting assignments to help put your knowledge into practice. Definitely will continue with next courses.
Very structured and challenging course, Gave the basic understanding of how the supply chain in logistics works and the assignments peaked the interest to look deeper.
It is a good course to start on a Journey of Supply Chain Management. The faculty is great and the delivery is very effective.  The assignments are interesting too.
its a good course for those who want to know more about supply chain and how it works, i was able to learn many new things and experience  new tools and practices.
Couldn't find better option than this. Great introductory part of logistics with quality course materials. It helps a lot to form the basis of supply chain.
Good souse. It refreshes one's basics. but more stress needs to be given on terms and Key words. Also Week 2 and week 3 were not designed well.
It is Good Course i have learnt in this whose organisation planning for selecting Mode of transport, ware house planning and what factors influ
peer graded assignments should be a little simpler, these are very complicated. good for learning perspective but takes a heavy toll on time.
This course give a brief idea of how the supply chain logistics network works and how can I implement my idea. To me the course was fine.
This course gives the basic knowledge of supply chain management and assignment enables learner to apply the needed practical knowledge.
It was thought provoking and interesting .The assignments where fun.I have good understanding of logistics .Rudolf is a fun instructor.
As I have no previous text-book knowledge concerning Logistics I am happy with this introductory as it gave me an initial understanding
as mentioned in the description It will not take you to the depth and breath of the topic but for the understanding it is good course.
The content of this course is very useful and detail for a new starter however I can not see sea transportation method in this course.
This course is really great cleare my basic concept for logistics and other related parts. This course really adds value in my future.
Got to know the basic concepts of the supply chain logistics. Looking forward to apply it in real life and learn in much more detail
A good short-term course for Beginners. The best part being the assignments, which creatively attaches to the classroom concepts.
Good course ... the course materials were helpful and the way the concepts were presented was really good ... highly recommended!
Really entry level course with not too much content. If you are a faster learner, you can expect to finish this course in a week.
The course is really good and shows the fundamentals of Supply Chain Logistics. I just think it could go deeper on some topics.
Good kickstart for those who are rookies in the field. But for people with prior knowledge in this field, it is a slow course.
Best Course and that is most effective in the Supply chain field,and Instructor is the best way to how to deliver the lecture.
It is a good foundation course for supply chain logistics. One can learn about basic ideas of how to build logistics network
Quizzes could have been more elaborate and with a higher difficulty level... Course content also could have been a bit more.
This is a very good course to have a general overview what are the components of Supply Chain and Logistics and how it works
Excellent content within this course enabling one to understand the strategy behind the building of a logistics network.
options to upload documents need to be re-looked into. Candidates need to be reminded not to be partial while grading.
this is a very good course for beginners and assignments if done properly will make u confident in this field...
This course was very helpful for basic level of understanding.  Images & Videos was awesome and very practical.
Really good course to understand warehouse design, warehouses network and market drivers in logistics business.
it is basic lecture to understand logistic, I recommend you guys to listen this lecture and improve your skills
Some items appear to be a bit out of date... would be nice if more recent articles or resources were provided.
Good information, I would have liked a little greater detail in the reading material and the video lectures.
I love this course        !!!& I am willing to finish Harder Just as I am willing to have anew career Path.
The Course was fun to do as it involved the hands-on exercise of what we just learned from the concepts.
The peer graded assignment should be flexible in deciding area so that students can their own area.
As an intro to logistics is fine, more information or mor examples with data on them would be great
This is really helpful for career and capacity building. Course materials and lectures is explicit
It was very useful course and i got to learn a lot of things on warehouse management and inventory
Including few details on the technologies used today to manage warehouses would be a good addition
very great experience in learning the basics of the logistics network in supply chain management
Very much informative course where the data is very preciese to the knowledge what is required.
Good and easy course. The content was very lucid. I think difficulty level could be increased.
Little improvisation is required! Content provided is basic but i loved the peer assignments!
IT was interesting but I thought that we could explore a litle bit more. its a basic course.
Great assignment which encapsulates all learning an requires all course material to be used.
It was a fun experience, However, Quizzes and Assignments should be graded by instructors!
This course was very concise but was enough to get the basics of supply chain management.
Learning in a fun filling way. Wonderful experience. Good instructor, Thank you Coursera
As a beginner,the course is very helpful for learning the basics of supply chain.Thanks.
It is a very important course to know when you want to work or have to run a wearhouse.
The experience of learning this course was amazing. Thankyou coursera and the teacher .
very good, however there were too many peer review tests that isnt leveled in marking.
i think the course should go deeper a little bit. however,the material is fascinating
it was concise! which is good for those who would like to tap on supply chain briefly
Interesting course.  I really appreciate the course content and way it is provided.
Very informative course if you are pursuing a career in the supply chain industry.
Great introduction course to basic logistics concepts. I love peer-graded system
More detailed discussion and reference of some good textbooks will be helpful.
Could be more in-depth. Overall, great course to understand concepts of SC Log
A course for beginner only. If you already know basics go for advanced coarse.
It is ver information course which help you to build your logistics network .
It was so informative course . Plus the assignment will really help you a lot
If the teaching style is more elaborate than it may very easy to understand.
Not too many lectures, but the assignments help understand most of concepts.
Shorter than expected but with interesting information and fun assignments!
The basic understanding for beginner is sutaibally given for the students.
Excellent information. Quizzes and tests need to correspond with lectures.
I cannot download my certificate. Can you please describe me how can i ?
Very useful course and I learned a lot regarding supply chain management
I enjoyed learning the warehousing techniques and logistics networking
The course is very awesome, informative and practically disseminated.
The course is a very basic course in logistics with no math involved.
Very good way to get introduced to how and what a supply chain is.
All videos and notes were aptly placed. quizzes in between the v
Very easy even for someone without any background in logistics
It's a nice course which is needed in every aspect of industry
its very good course to learn and certificate is also helpful.
very interesting and gives you a nice overview about logistics
Very nice course for those who want to get into supply chain
Content of the course is super and practically oriented one
VERY EASY TO FOLLOW AND GOOD COURSE FOR THE FIRST TIMERS.
Nice experience especially in the last assignment session
High quality of material, however it is too much begineer
I leared many needed knowledge in Supply Chain Logistics!
Great basic level course to understand the core concepts!
It is an interesting course and I learned a lot form it
Great course especially Assignment section is awesome.
get a good experience.but this grading system is poor.
Nice structured assignments and videos also insightful
This is one of the future's most important businesses
Great course to get one going on Logistics management
nice course.less theory and more practical examples.
This course was enjoyable while being informative.
Need some more assignment with competitive scoring
Its a good course to understand basic of logistics
Some peer assignment are bit difficult. isnt it ?
Good overview. Helpful to refresh your knowledge.
Very helpful for the beginners must apply for it
I love it so much! this is a lovely course to me
it was very useful and i got a lot of knowledge
The course could have been a bit more detailed
some of the topics were not clearly described
nice overview and good exercises for practice
Good course, but wanted more detailed videos
Good, but more tools could have been taught.
some updates to the material should be made
The Explanation could had been more detail.
it is just overview , not in depth course!!
Learned the basics of logistics very well!
learnt many new things about supply chain
The course was good but it was too short.
Rudolf Leuschner you are great instructor
Lack of interaction with the instructor .
Mathematical expressions are not there...
I Learnt the basic concepts of Logistics
learned basic of supply chain management
Need Improvement in the course contents
provide logistics system in a nutshell
Good course. Don't miss the learning.
Interesting Material, Fun Assignments
good assignments and basic knowledge
its   so helpful for me in my life
peer reviewing is not satisfactory
a bit general but ok for overview
Good Course well structured ....
good learnings from this course
Great! Looking forward for more
Very good introduction course.
this is amazingly interested.
Could have been made tougher.
It's a good course to study.
nice material for beginners
Good introductory course!
interesting presentation
Learned a Lot's Thanks!
Straight-forward, basic
could go more in-depth
Was a good course!!
The assignments:(
It's very useful.
very efficient
Good course,
Amazing instructor! Very fun and interesting course, learned many useful tools like a warehouse design and logistics challenges. Would recommend for people in and outside of logistics network
The course gives you the knowledge of supply chain logistics from the beginner level to the pro level.The assignments are application-orientedBest course for better and easy understanding.
Material is short and straight to the point. It is also presented in an exciting and easy to follow manner. Good job!
This course was well organized, provided necessary learning materials, and hands-on learning experiences.  I would highly recommend this course to others interested in learning supply chain logistics.
This course is really helpful. It helps to get a basic understanding of Logistics. The trainer is absolutely solution-focused, giving live scenario examples. I am glad I opted for this course. Now I am starting to write the final exam so that I can have the certification as well. One should definitely join this course if looking for an overview of SCM.
I like this course, particularly the assignment. The deign of the assignment is very constructive. The requirement is very clear and need to check many data off line. That's help us to understand the knowledge more deeply.
Adequately detailed and informative educational videos. With sufficient links to external resources, study materials & reference information. The tests and exams helped reinforce the study material.
The course covers many Logistic issues such as Transportation , Inventory , Logistic network , and the assignments provide you good way of thinking and methods to solve issues
Great learning! Assignments were fun to complete. Overall  a complete package with practical assignments to complete. Thank you
This course is really value to anyone who would like to work on Supply Chain Field
This is one of the best course of Supply Chain Management Specialization offered by Rutgers University through Coursera. Equally important to the individuals already working in supply chain and who are looking for their career in supply chain. Learning method, course material and instructor everything is very encouraging and cooperative. I am lucky to have this course. Thankyou coursera and Rutgers University.
This course is very much useful for beginners and the terminologies used in this course are very simple and easily understandable. I would prefer this course to my friends who are interested in getting some knowledge in logistics.
Excellent course to learn from basics about how a product is delivered to your home or the market what issue is been faced by the seller and transporters how the price of products varies in transportation
Very good introductory course in the fascinating world of Supply chain Management. I really enjoyed and learned a lot. I am looking forward to use some of the teachings in my own business.
Professor was awesome, very informative and really brought the lectures to life. Leaps and bounds better that some of the other professors teaching courses in coursera.
i learnt a lot about supply chain - even it's a complected but i like what i learnt it helped me to understand the cycle of many fields of business
The professor gives a thorough introduction to the general
I took this great course, due to I would like to have better understandings
and more valuable knowledge in Logistics Field although I had attended some
free Logistics Seminars in Myanmar and free short courses provided by
the Asian Development Bank (ADB) in Myanmar Port Authority's training Center
and I also have around 2 years practical Sales & Marketing working
experiences in Sea Freight and Air Freight Import and Export operations with
World Wide Shipping Agents and Carriers. Anyway, this is a very great course!! Because it is easier to understand and also with flexible timing to do the assignments and complete. It also has some fun quizzes, challenging and exciting assignments throughout the course. After complete everything then I have earned very impressionable certificate from Coursera.
I really had fun learning this course! It enabled me to think strategically in designing and implementing decisions. I believe this is one of the keys to having an effective and efficient solution.
Thanks coursera for providing a great platform to youngsters to learn.This course has been a great boost to my resume.
Great overall introduction, with enough detail to really jumpstart those who have a general knowledge.
Best material/pattern/course on subject !
Extremely informative! Thank you!
Very helpfull
I started this course to learn concepts that would help me push my supply chain career forward and this course sure met my expectations. Concepts were clearly explained and assignments were simple yet  challenging to dive deep. I love the fact that during videos there are intermittent quizzes and they help me focus more on the content and listen attentively. Also, I appreciate the concept of reviewing your peers assignment once you  finish and submit yours would stretch my thinking and help me identify, learn different ways of approaching a problem. Overall, I'm very satisfied with this course and hope to apply these concepts at work. Thank you Coursera and professor. With this motivation, I'll be signing up for more courses that I think would enhance my abilities and grow at my work place.
I don't remember when was the last time I had this much fun while learning something. The practical aspects of the assignments were amazing and further reinforced everything I learned throughout the course. But it is a real shame that peer-graded assignments in Coursera aren't moderated by the administration. I know it is probably a very difficult task to monitor every submission, but some people literally beg others in the discussion segment for 100% marks. Some even get full grades by submitting extremely sub-par content. And many peers don't even put in the slightest bit of effort while grading others' assignments. It's really sad and very demotivating.
I actually really enjoyed this course. I appreciate the effort put into the course and the notes. I know that most online professors have many options to actually avoid such work or even jeopardize the learning of the student. This was my first online course and I would like to thank you for the great experience. I know I had one issue with peer graded assignment but that was just a really unavoidable situation on my part. Hopefully, it didn't destroy my chance for a good grade in the course since I worked very hard. Anyways, this was an awesome course and I will advise online courses for my fellow students that have tight schedules.
It was an interesting learning journey.I liked it too much.great I would like to heartily thank Rutgers University and Coursera for  the opportunity they  give to me to improve my skills and knowledge .Thank you Coursera for serving humanity by widening the scope of accessibility to  high quality learning resources almost for free  and with access to financial aids for courses and programs that fee based  .I am glad my application for financial aid to enroll for Supply Chain Management Specialization was approved and for completion of the first course .Hope you everlasting success .Yaser Sultan Alselwi  from Republic of Yemen .
I completed Supply Chain Logistics course today. Thank you very much Coursera for giving me this opportunity to learn online in such an esteemed university (Rutgers University). Specially i would like to thank Professor Rudolf Leuschner for this wonderful and efficient pedagogy by sharing good theory and practical examples of retail markets as well. I must say this course helps me to understand the basics and hands on experience of Logistics terminology which helped me gaining new skills. Thanks and looking forward to learning many more skills online in the years tom come.
I really enjoyed while learning this course with my peers which gives and enhance my knowledge and skill in supply chain logistics further. The course is designed in such a way that it develop your thinking also the professor sir from Rutgers State university explain each and every fact in simple & effective mode.I am so much happy after completing the course through coursera also looking forward to keep learning further in future as well.Thank you so much coursera for giving me such a beautiful platform for learning, i will always be grateful to you.
This course helps me through a lot to learn about the Supply Chain. About my journey to become Supply Chain Management professional was given to me an opportunity to took this course. I am grateful for this course which I owe to the Rutgers University to support my journey to become part of their online platform course and to become Supply Chain Management professional someday. I will strive to continue again to apply other prerequisite courses and study hard to get my Professional Supply Chain Management to this privilege opportunity.
It was an fantastic course designed to complete through online. It helped me a lot to know about new knowledge on SCM. I had no idea before completing this course. But this course helped me to think in a new way to design and make plan for the supplying. I was staying at home due to the recent pandemic and within this time I have completed this course. I am pretty sure that the knowledge I gained from this course will help me a lot in my future career. Thanks to Coursera for giving me such opportunity. Thanks.
Great and Excellent Course. All concepts were covered in a elegant manner. It was a very practical course and the peer grade assignments improved my learning a lot. I think this a great course for learning transportation and I would highly recommend others to enroll in this as well. The instructor was clear and precise. The key course advantage is of peer graded assignments which were highly practical in nature and will help in jobs in the future. Thank you
I had enjoyed the course however there is more that needs to improved such as the terms used in warehousing and logistics should be explained as well and more examples are needed to increase the understanding of the concept. Am saying this because people come from different nationalities and it is better to be more detailed to some concept, for me i had no problem because i have a background in supply chain thou i had challenges on assignments.
As a beginner in Supply Chain Management, this course was completely new to me. However, I loved the content and the way the course had creative assignments. Professor Rudi teaches really well and the fact that it wasn't just him taking into a screen from a room made a difference. I liked that he was outside and showing me what an actual Warehouse looked like and what happened there as I have zero experience about it.
The lecture series talks about the various aspects of the logistics industries. The assignments provide an opportunity to apply the learning knowledge into practice. Every lecture video is followed by a written summary which is great for writing notes. In addition to the course materials, the lecturer Rudy is quite humorous and has his own way of delivering his lectures which made the topic enjoyable to watch/learn.
This course focuses more on practical assignments rather than teaching through text or videos. The videos will be very short but you will have to spend some time on the assignments. Through these assignments, you get a hands-on approach which I feel made my understanding of the topic better. The instructor, however, does not explain concepts and terms in an elaborate way.
The course is a very good introduction to the world of Supply Chain. It details the parts of the logistics network and the assignments allow you to apply the knowledge in a practical manner. The peer-reviewed assignments are appropriately challenging, in the sense that they ensure you gain a thorough understanding of the principles of the Logistics of the Supply Chain.
I liked this course. It provides a good understanding of Supply Chain Logistics in general. I will recommend this course to anyone who wants to start her/his career in logistics and wants to know more about the logistics. The course is filled with great assignments where one can show her/his skills and apply the knowledge that was acquired through every module.
A simple and useful course on logistics in the context of supply chain management that helps even learners who have no previous experience to learn these topics which are of great importance in the modern world.  Assignments with a practical  orientation, good quality of audio and video and a great instructor are other points worth mentioning.
This was a really interesting course. I learnt how to design a layout of warehouse & how to built logistics network. I also learnt why they are important. Most importantly I learnt how to deliver products to the customers in a short & most efficient way. I will highly recommend this course if you are enthusiastic to learn about supply chain.
Really comprehensive entry course into logistics. All information is digestible and the assignments are quite fun. You will need to leave 2hrs for each of the peer-reviewed assignments in order to get the most out of them. They are not difficult but do take some time, You will get out of this course what you put into it (as in life);
Covers all the aspects and know about of Logistics and its importance in Supply Chain. The assessments really test the level of understanding and how can it be applied in real-life scenarios. The discussion forum helps us put forward our thought process and helps us look at our level of understanding from a different point of view.
I would suggest this course to all those who are interested in Supply Chain Logistics. This course provides you the platform through which you gain the knowledge regarding Supply Chain Logistics. It acts as the place where you get the complete information on What is Supply Chain Logistics all about. It is a wonderful course.
When I joined this course, I was not familiar with how goods where moved from an area of low demand to area of high demand. With the help of the course in Supply Chain Logistics, I was able to plan the logistics and delivery systems for my company. I'd like to thank Rutgers and Coursera for this wonderful opportunity.
This course was a joy to be a part of. Prof Leuschner explains everything in a very lucid manner and the real world implementations shared in the videos make understanding the content very easy. I will definitely continue with other courses in the Supply Chain Management specialization offered by Rutgers University.
The topics covered in this course were extensive and thorough. The assignments were well thought out and ensured that the concepts learned over the course of 4 weeks were well and duly implemented. Learnt a lot from this course and I am looking forward to completing the other courses offered in this specialization.
The course is very structured and easy to follow. It gave basic ideas on warehouse, transportation and the overall structure of logistic networking. The set up of the quiz and assignment is based on real life situation and at the same time  other skills such as creating maps using google map. Recommended course!
Learning was really amazing, specially online teaching method and other resources were so helpful, I appreciate Coursera team for building this great online learning platform for all walk of people, students, business person, specially for all those who cannot organize to go physical classes. All the best
This course was very good and has given an enriching learning experience. The mode of teaching is unique as they give interesting assignments that gives a good knowledge and a strong foundation. I recommend doing this course for beginners and those who wish to pursue a career in supply chain management.
This course is very helpful regarding enhancing my already existing knowledge about supply chain logistics. The course teaches about the fundamentals of a logistics network. I believe that the course materials and the assignments provided me with a more thorough knowledge about supply chain logistics.
The course was really good. Professor Leuschner was very fortunate when creating all the content for the matter. It is very easy to see and feel the subject's dominion by Mr. Leuschner as he translates it in a very soft way for his e-students. I will definitely recommend this course to my colleagues.
This course is very useful. The four models and links recommended by the instructor are rich in knowledge for anyone who wants to develop his career in logistic supply and chain. in addition to the process follow in Supply chain logistics, shipping INCOTERMS is one of the useful topics that I learned
This course helped me understand the logistics process, the warehousing and importance along with how the inventory is managed and should be maintained in detail. The course was very interesting, makes you confident in this topic and easy to grasp the whole Logistics Network and its working.
This course though an intermediary one has given me great insight into what logistics is all about. Focusing on the 3 tenets (if I can say that) of logistics - Transportation, Warehousing and Inventory. I will encourage anyone who wants to get an idea of what logistics is to try this course.
This course came at the right time for me, I really had fun learning this course! It has helped me to think 
strategically in designing logistic network and implementing decisions. I believe this is
 one of the keys to having an effective and efficient solution in supply chain managment.
The course is very relevant to Industrial/Operations/Management professionals. The instructor explains the thing very well, and everything is best viz. knowledge, explanation, examples, practicality, etc. Thanks a lot to the instructor (Prof. Rudolf Leuschner) for designing the course.
My result for this course is still not out but I want to share with the team and fellow students that its the best way to earn knowledge and certificate , this course has actually given me bigger picture of supply chain logistics which I was not getting from my on the job activities .
I was learning with Financial aid for this course and it was deserved to learn with our full intention. The lecturer instructions were clear and the assignments were effective. For those who are interested in learn supply chain, this course will be the first step.Thihan HtutMyanmar.
Very interesting approach towards teaching.  Challenging and interesting assignments. The course deals with the basics of Logistics about how it takes place. It talks about warehouse locations, safety stock needs and similar stuff. Very nice course to start off your interest in SCM.
First of all, Thank you so much to Coursera and Rutgers University to provide me an opportunity to complete this course. This course is very informative to understand the basics of Supply Chain Logistics. I recommend this course to all those learners who are at the beginner's stage.
I found this course very useful, as I have chosen this as my major in college. This will give me a boost and a better understanding in Logistics as well. Thankyou to the professor for an informative course! It is very useful and you gain knowledge oh how it works in the industry.
Studying this has availed me the opportunity to learn how to build logistics network.Why warehouse location is essential in supply chain logistics.I learnt warehouse designI gained new skills on different mode of transportation and why each is necessary and when each is needed
Best course I have ever found on Supply Chain Management. It covered depth required to understand the end to end cycle for Supply Chain Transportation, Warehousing and Strategic decision making for planning the entire Logistics Network. Thanks for making such courses for us :)
A Fantastic course for Supply chain Management lovers.This course is really practical as we compare it  with other courses in Coursera. The Peer reviews and assignments are really challenging and excellent.Now,I am almost covered up in this topic after doing this course....
Amazing Course. The Instructor is awesome. The Exercises are very practical and fun to do. I finished this course in 4 days only. Beginner friendly and introduces concepts with a lot of pictures (Easy retention).Highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn.
I learned every basic thing about transportation and It gave me a detailed Idea of how can I build mt transportation network in last week content that was challenging as well as fun part of the course because I had to apply all of the knowledge I got in previous weeks.
Very clear and comprehensive explanation, professional tools to assist in understanding deeply in a very fast way, smart quizzes and assignments to ensure the trainee gain the skills.  Thanks for the very interesting experience with coursera, Thank you for everything.
This was a very thorough course to get an initial understanding of Logistics in the supply chain. Moreover, the peer graded assignments gave an insight into what other students are doing and the course overall was comprehensive and gave immense knowledge for the same.
This section of the certification was very intriguing, informative, and interesting.  The friendly method of teaching of the course instructor, Professor Rudolf Leuschner, was great. I learned about how Supply Chain Logistics works and I highly recommend this course.
Great introductory course to Supply Chain Logistics. It could benefit from longer more video lectures. Prof. Rudolf is very helpful and straightforward. This course introduced me to a lot of new concepts, but I had to dig deeper to understand more about the subject.
A very enjoyable and exciting course to attend!! I hope it will be helpful to others interested in logistics part of supply chain. Moreover, the assignments and video lectures were fun, and the books those were referred in the course were also very informative.
I like these course, and i had learned more about logistics, inventory, transportation, warehouses network, so I'd like to keep going and complete rest of course like planing, sourcing, operations, finally i'd like ro thanks all coursera team on them efforts,.
I am really satisfied with the course. I've tried my best to submit the assignments as per the instructions. The assignments were interesting. Now I can even design supply chain logistics networks for my own business I guess. Also My mentor was just amazing.
The course content is good and to the point. It encourages you t do your own research and not just depending on the material you had in hand. The assignments are practical and encourages creativity. really enjoyed the course and Rudolf is a great lecturer.
I learn a lot about supply chain. The peer review tasks are challenging and fun. Thanks professor Rudolf Leuschner for the great content and your amazing delivery, hope someday I could join your offline class at Rutgers the State University of New Jersey.
this course is incredible i learned how to create a logistic networks, the kind of transportation and of course what kind of transportation is the better, well i learned how to create a warehouse and how to calculate when you have to add another one.
I am very satisfied with the course. I hope that the ideas I have gained about the logistics network can be put to good use in my work. Thanks to Coursera for creating a beautiful, well-organised online platform for people of all classes to learn.
I recommend logistics as a starting point for anyone with interest in Supply chain. You will get to expand your knowledge on three key aspects transportation-movement, storage-warehousing & inventory-goods or services. You will learn a great deal.
This is a perfect course for strengthening the knowledge of supply chain. I now know the importance of the warehouse and location layout in improving the efficiency and productivity.  Thankyou Mr. Rudolf Leuschner for making the session live.
A foundation course on logistics, covers the essential concepts of the inventory management, handling goods through different modes of transportation. Though the concepts appears simple, carries a great value and provides great insights.
Comprehensive, covers all the basics. Assignments and quizzes test your creativity and your ability to practically apply the concepts that have been taught. Looking forward to other courses in the specialization. Thanks Prof. Leuschner!
this is an excellent course with simple explanation s and grate example through audio visuals and providing guidance through google maps and making us to learn how we can play with google maps according to our requirements. great great
Interesting course! Liked the short quizzes that test your knowledge of the concepts at the end of every segment. The practical exercises were also useful in cementing the insights we have learnt. Had fun overall throughout the course.
I am liking the course owing to its simple nature and the use of relatable examples. I think it is a great start for me for this specialisation. I am encouraged to learn more and more about supply chain. It's really a fun way to learn.
This was an interactive and dynamic course to learn introductory topics in supply chain management, such as means of transport for cargo shipments, warehouse and inventory management to design and build an efficient logistics network.
It was indeed a great learning with Coursera, I got to learn the back end processes involved in making the strong supply chain network possible, and all the important sub-components which are a must part of the supply chain logistics.
It's an interesting course that supported me so much on my career path with real & useful knowledge in Logistics & Supply Chain industry.Thanks Coursera,Thank so much to Rutgers UniversityAnd speacial thanks to Ph.D. Rudolf Leuschner.
Thanks my respected course instructor for making this course really enjoyable.  This course was really helpful for me. I have come to know a lot of things after completing this course. I hope, this course will help build my carrier.
I love the balance of videos explained by the professor and the short quizzes that pop up to make sure you are absorbing important information. Highly recommend to anyone interested in learning the concept of supply chain logistics!
This course really helped me to learn all the basics. It is really helpful for who are planning to do master's or who wants to pursue a career in Supply chain logistics. Thanks to professor for making it really easy for us to learn.
This course is one of the best courses I came across for Supply Chain Management. Starting from basics of supply chain, this course is an absolute must for people looking forward to advance or switch their career in Supply chain.
The course has detailed and informative material backed up with real life scenarios. It has set of assignments and exam that help to understand better the concepts of supply chain logistics. Would highly recommend the course.
Course is design significantly and it is perfect for beginner to build foundation of supply chain logistics. Assignment task was so great and so much practical based. I personally learned a lot. It is beneficial me in future.
This is an excellent course for those who want to venture on a career in the supply chain. As a beginner in this field, I was able to understand the concepts of supply chain logistics in the most comprehensible way possible.
Teaching style is great, content provided  is great with real life practical examples, with a humor, with fun, with discussing examples, at no time you will learn the basic of the supply chain Logistics.I really love it.
Excellent course with a great amalgamation of student-instructor pedagogy and peer learning!!!Deep insights about leveraging and optimizing supply chain logistics to deliver swift and reliable results to the customer!!!
a good course, though difficult , it was well strctured all the course participants we active in one way or the other. the lecturer is more knowledgeable and explain every aspects of the course in a skillful manner.
Enjoyed the class! Dr. Leuschner does a great job at explaining introductory logistics concepts.  I highly recommend this course for anyone wanting to gain a basic understanding of the logistics business function.
Really good course if you want to get into logistics management. The 4 weeks of learning provide a macro knowledge in terms of transportation, warehousing, inventory management and how to create a local network.
Excellent course on Supply chain logistics!  Gives a hands-on experience of designing logistics network and warehouses. I really learnt a lot by completing this course and I am very happy by learning new skills.
I really thankful to coursera who gave me the opportunity to lean this wonderful course. In this course i learned so many thing about logistics and inventory management. Assignment of this course is really good.
A great course to learn the basics of the Supply Chain Logistics with clear and precise instruction and very thorough and concise lesson plan. I feel very lucky and proud to have completed this learning session.
Sir ! Its been an pleasure to part of this course. It helps us a lot to keep on going through the learning process. I hope I will be able to continue to do all the 5 courses. Thanks & RegardsDebaditya Mukherjee
The course successfully introduces the learner to basic, foundation-level information on logistics. As someone with. no prior experience, this course helped understand some of the industry terminology and SOPs
The material presented in the course went along with the daily functions of my duties. This course also offered knowledge outside of the realm of my expertise. I enjoyed the lectures and discussion forums.
What I like about this course is bringing real examples for different brands and connecting it to live. Also the variety of the content between videos, assignments, quizzes and external reading materials.
The course was more focused on the application more than the concepts which was manifested through the peer-graded assignments. It made the subject look so simple that is why it is very beginner-friendly.
Highly recommend this course to those who are willing to put on the work and learn the basics of supply chain logistics! It really feels you can implement this in the real world! Can't wait to learn more!
Concepts are explained by professor in a really amazing way along with video which helps to memorize things faster. Assignments and final project made sure that imparted knowledge has been done properly.
Course was extremely helpful and I believe I can pursue a career in the same field.Once again thanking Course ra and Rutgers University professor for providing me such a platform to enrich my knowledge.
It was nice expereince while doing the course . In a short time learnt the basic terminology of logistics. Quiz & Assesments are really add on to course and real test on our course understanding.
I absolutely loved doing this course. The best part about the course is whatever I learned the assignments helped me apply them. And thank you Mr. Leuschnerfor visualizing most of the content
Definitively, many concepts are learned and others are
outlined, the costs and parameters of each type of transport, the items that
must be taken when choosing a warehouse network. thank you
A very good course. The assignments and quizes help you use your mind and understand the systems better. its a practical course and helps u learn better. all the topics covered are useful
This Course is very informative & Assignments are best part of this course. I will recommend this course to anyone who wants to enhance there knowledge in supply chain management field.
The course is informative and is really a kick start for your career. It gave me a basic understanding of how logistics work for big companies. The study materials were really helpful.
The thing which we will learn from this course is too practical and can not obtain from your local mentor. Tasks are more challenging but after the evaluation, Your hard work pays off.
Very straightforward building on fundamentals and arriving at developing a logistics network. Great course. Would recommend to anyone wanting to get started in Supply Chain Management.
Concepts were specifically delivered and more reading opportunity was given . The most engaging part of this course are the assignments. Its a very good chance to learn and improve .
This is no doubt one of the best online courses I have completed. Learning in the most practical way possible and working on real-life problems helps you learn a lot about logistics.
The professor knows how to engaged you with the topics and know a lot about it, I enjoy every lesson and homework, because they help me to undestand more about this important topic.
This was a great introduction course to learn about supply chain, it works on the logistic area and transportation so its a nice start if you are not familiar with those concepts.
Excellent course!! Learnt a lot about logistics handling and logistics system designing. Professor teaches a innovative and dynamic way and language is also easily understandable.
Very Good Course provides a sense of understanding on a Junior Level. I am looking forward to completing the entire specialization and will see how it is structured down the line.
Great course! I really liked professor's lectures. They are short, but contain a lot of information with examples and the videos. Also the assignments are very interesing as well
Absolutely loved the course! For a beginner, I received great insight into the world of supply chain logistics. The assignments are well crafted and I enjoyed working on them!1
I have learned the aspects associated with SCM. The assignment designed and aspect mention really challenging and Interesting. Thank You very much for your well planned course.
It was really interesting course full of assignments  which I liked very much! Moreover, I have learned a lot of new things about logistics, warehouses and etc. Thanks a lot!
I loved the videos, and details. But most importantly the assignments were fun and really interactive. Gave me a deeper understanding of how to organize a logistics network.
Good course for beginners. The instructor made this course interesting and informative. Hands-on assignments provided an opportunity to play around the concepts we learned.
I didn't end up being clear about lead times and fill rates and I would have liked to get more detailed information about the types of inventory and how to calculate them.
It was such a nice journey to learn new stuff and create a supply chain logistics, will apply in future thanks to Rutgers university for providing this course in coursera
It's one of a good course for learning new skills and  developing of effective logistics network. It really helps a learner to have experience in supply chain management.
Very nice course with crystal clear explanations. I request everyone who is looking for a career upgrade or to start a new career in the supply chain to do this course.
It's an exceptional course, creative ways of solving logistics problems, decision making processes and mode choice. I have learnt many new concepts and still learning.
Thank you Dr Leuschner for this course! Concepts were thoroughly explained and the assignments were conscientiously designed. I enjoyed learning and had a lot of fun!
Logistics is a new world for me and this course has proved to be a pretty decent window to start watching through it.Very clear, very interesting and very achievable.
The course provides a lot of knowledge that i need. I make sure you will get the fundamental in logistics from the inventory, facilities and so on.. Highly recommend
Pleased to share that  very thankful to the faculty Team and teacher for the Said course certificate achievement Great   ..A Great learning and Development Coursera
Very interesting class that covers several topics. I got to know more about transportations challenges, warehouse organization and how to build a logistics network.
Great course to learn about basics of Supply Chain. The assignments were a bonus - you get to try creating your own projects based on ideas learned from the course.
The course was an eye opener as it allowed me flexibility to learn and revise my business knowledge and how businesses manage the everyday demand and supply curve.
It is the best course related to supply chain management. It gives us a clear picture of our networking systems. We are able to get a real and practical overview.
All in this course are very relative to the logistics side of the supply chain. You will learn how to design a warehouse and your very own logistics network! :)
Very good course for all type of students. Because of Coursera and  Rutgers university,  we all gain such huge knowledge about supply chain logistics. Thank You
The course was quite good and the things explained will be directly related to work and could be practically executed. The explanation was quite up to the mark.
Perfect start to learning about logistics. Well, detailed and most importantly, the assignments are so much more than just what we studied through the course.
I am proud feeling after completing this course. Definately this is value addition in my professional carrier.Thanks to my Professor and University of RUTGERS
I like the professor's energy and passion about logistics. I learned alot and enjoyed his methods of getting his point across and the questions in each video.
It was a good course. I have learnt about transportation,warehouses management. This is the basic of supply chain. The instructor was also so good. Thank you
Great pace and development built around individual learning modules allow the student to absorb the material and have a good understanding of the coursework.
It is a great experience. Now i can implement my knowledge to my students. Special thanks to Dr. 

Rudolf Leuschner and Coursera   for giving this opotunity
Very interactive learning, especially for the lecture, thank you very much. You really made my learning process become wonderful, yet very straight forward.
Great!I learnt so many new things regarding supply chain management.It will help me more to improve my skills for my career in future.Thanks much Coursera!
A good learning experience. I particularly enjoyed assignment parts. It made me do more research to understand the subject better. A well-presented course.
This course is very practical and full of fun. The peer reviews are thorough and the certificate is just one you wouldn't want to be absent in your resume.
The course is really good and explains all the topic thoroughly. It is good for the beginners.I really got a lot of insight to the supply chain logistics.
A great course with practical approach learning and understanding with real time examples and assignments. Had a great time learning. Highly recommended.
It is very effective and I have learnt a lot from this courseI recommend this to everyone who is in supply chain field It is worth doing itGreat Learning
This course is very useful for me. I have learnt how to build a logistics network. And i recommend to others. Lectures are very clear and understandable.
I found it very useful but the assignments that peers must review are frustrating because some people do not follow the rubric and just mark you as zero.
This course introduces the basic knowledge and theory of Supply Chain Logistics system. And I think it is easy to understand and suitable for beginners.
Interesting course, good level of difficulty and introduction to the basics of supply chain logistics. Assignments were straight-forward and interesting
I really love about taking the course on Coursera and there many online websites who deliver online courses but, I found Coursera is one of the best. 
Learned new things and surprised on creating our own map and warehouses. Got a permeable idea and a minor skill have been developed through this course
It was very well explained and was very concise as well. The assignment were very much helpful to feel a hands on experience of Supply Chain Logistics.
it really helps me to know more about supply chain, the assignments help me a lot to understand in transportation and warehousing. Really recommended
WE need cwt rates too! Please include them in the course ! Teach us how to calculate them ! I had to discover these calculations by myself. Goodbye .
Great course! I really enjoyed learning and taking things I didnt know in the past. Thanks to all the Rutgers team for making this course a reality.
Excellently designed thought provoking course. Teaches and clears some basics of SCM. Looking forward to continue other courses in the line as well.
Great course, will give you the basic knowledges and necessary skills to understand how Logistic strategies are developed to achieve business goals.
MANY THANKS TO COURSERA FOR PROVIDING US SUCH A BEAUTIFUL COURSE FROM SUCH WELL REPUTED INSTITUTE. MANY THANKS TO PROFESSOR RUDOLF LEUSCHNER, Ph.D.
A very good course to start with Supply Chain Management, Professor Rudolf Leuschner was an excellent teacher, he has explained everything clearly.
This was the best supply and logistics course i would recommend to students with experience in the field and without experience well done Coursera.
This course was just superb.From the simplified approach used by the instructor, to the the thought provoking assignments.It really got me engaged
A very good course indeed, it helped me in brushing my knowledge of what i have learned previously. I would definitely recommend this to my peers.
Thank you, very cognitive and interesting. Especially the execution of tasks introduces convenient and important tools like PointPoint and Google.
This course is very fantastic and rich with a lot of important information about logistics that will help you in the daily challenges at your work
this course was very interesting, especially the assignment part we were made to use the all the skills we learned. this is an worthwhile course.
I am really glad to finish this Course,it is really amazing and helpful.I worked in Logistics and really appreciate this course and the Lecturer.
It is a very well laid out course. The flow is so smooth and so fun to keep track of. Dr. Lueschner is just fabulous in his part as a presenter.
The best course for beginners and you will love the teaching of the professor. I recommend this course if you love playing with your creativity.
It provides hands-on experience of how the logistics network works and peers will enjoy learning if they want to learn about logistics sectors.
very good for understanding key principles of Logistics. Thanks a lot for great contribution to this field by teaching starting professionals.
Great course, highly recommended for beginners with no background on the subject. Great way of teaching the course. The videos keep you alert.
The course was well structured and paced. It really got me involved with hands on knowledge about how to setup a logistics network. Fantastic.
So well designed listen every word of Professor says. So much fun learning and gives us think so practical so differently . Thank you so mucj
The course is designed with perfection and does contain a great content. And also the assignments shall take your learning to the next level.
I would like to extend my thanks and appreciation to the professor for this wonderful course and i am really happy for completing this course
This was my first course through courser and I really enjoyed it. The format was great and the professor was knowledge and explained well.
The course was very exhaustive and informative. I would recommend this course to those who want to get a basic understanding of Logistics.
Great beginners course. I knew absolutely zero when I started. Now I have a very basic knowledge of supply chain and warehouse.Thank you.
It is very useful for me to acquire knowledge of supply chain. Through several assignments, I can apply the knowledge that I have learnt.
Honestly very good content, not going very deep as Rudolf mentioned at the  beginning but creating a lot of interest to dig deep into it.
Though last assignment was hard to understand and determine due to the fixed place, but overall it was good enough for any basic learner
I really learnt many thing from this course and appreciate the course material and its process of teaching. Thank you Coursera for this.
I think the course is awesome for people wanting to learn about how their packages are reached to their house within the estimated days.
Thank you, Prof. Rudolf Leuschner, you are such an amazing Professor. I enjoy all the session it was wonderful and tactical. thank you.
Well structured programme and covered every area of Supply Chain Logistics with lot of assignments and quiz to gain deep understanding.
I would have liked more reading material on the subject as some of the topics covered in the lectures did not have any notes to revise.
MORE THAN ANYTHING, I LOVED THE ATTITUDE AND ENTHUSIASM OF THE PROFESSOR, WE IN INDIA USUALLY DONT GET TO SEE SUCH DEDICATED  MASTERS.
Very informative and well structured course. After completing it, I was able to better understand some basic concepts about logistics.
Learned a lot from it.May you please send to me lulumero@gmail.com the full course work syllabus etc for my future reference.Best,Lulu
This course gives you a brief knowledge about how to build a transportation network, warehouse layout and finally a logistics network.
In this course can help me a lot to improve my learning about logistics overview and I will develop logistics skills better than old.
please keep working on the time it takes to grade, because I submitted my work on time and still it took several days to be completed
Great introduction to SC Logistics. Easy to follow and assignments were great to practice some of the concepts covered in the course.
Basic, but you cannot overestimate the need to start at this level.  It was informative, helpful and the instructor did a great job.
Taking this course has really enlightened me about the secret behind whole distribution network. And eager to use all I have learnt.
Easy for someone like me who does not have any background. Pretty useful for the engineering manufacturing industry that I am in too
It's an brilliant site and collected amazing data according to the coursers. Best wishes for all of Coursera TeamMalik Abbas Mahmood
Prof. Leuschner explains clearly all the concepts and makes the lectures really entertained! I fully recommend this course! Thanks!
an amazing first dive in the world of logistics, a very entertaining tutor and an all-around wonderful experience here in Coursera!
Something New  I have learnt about Logistics network etc. I have learnt so many things. I really enjoy this course . Thanking a lot
This is a very practical based course and a interactive one too. I have gained a lot of insights regarding supply chain management.
Great course for anyone who wants to learn more about Logistics, and prepare themselves for future work in the Supply Chain sector.
This an excellent course regarding to supply chain and logistics, I would recommend to go for it. It's not difficult and it's fun !
It was so much fun doing the course. The assignments were great and I especially enjoyed the short and interesting lecture videos.
It was a very rigorous beginning and a wonderful insight into the world of supply chain logistics. The knowledge is so refreshing.
It was really nice experience doing this course, the assignments are a real life example which made the course really interesting.
Superb course to introduce yourself to the supply chain domain ! All the content is explained in a very nice and concise manner !
I had a fun in Every step of this course.moving take full specialization course.thank you course ra for your service to learners.
I enjoyed the course having had a flexible time for self pace study. This is another eye opener for me on supply chain logistics.
It was a great learning source for everyone. I have enjoyed a lot during this Course and got  knowledge about logistics process.
Very good and very necessary course for people who would like have Supply Chain Management knowledge. I really liked. Well Done!
I am happy with gaining skills using coursera and one of the best platform to update your skills and keep learning the unknown.
It was a very useful course and it was fun to learn because it was interactive and with good examples of supply chain logistics
Great course with well organised structure to get both theoretical and practical learning experience of supply chain logistics.
Thank coursera. You have given me a life. I have learnt what I could not learn in the university for four years in just 1month
good course for supply chain aspirants it contains topics related to warehouse lay out design,createing good logistic network
Thanks Sir Rudolf for such an inspiring course, will continue next course to achieve supply chain management specialization!
Thanks Rutgers University for giving this opportunity . I have learned many things about warehouse , inventory  ,logistics .
Good introductory course which gives a solid overview of the key aspects to consider with respect to supply chain logistics.
It was a very good experience. I was thoroughly gone through each and every small detail and assignments were extraordinary.
This course gave me the basic knowledge to better understanding Logistics Networks, how it works and how it can be improved.
I love the course because you can lear the basic things of supply chain and you do not get bored it has dynamics that helps
The lectures are easy to understand and there are lots of examples to help the lecturing process interesting and impactful.
The course is well designed for easier understanding with excellent course materials for students to increase their skills.
Thank you Mr.Rudolf Leuschner Sir for making me understand the basic concepts of logistics. It was really a nice experience
Fantastic course.  Videos, quizzes and assignements were all well presented and organized.  Content was clear and detailed.
This course was very impressive and involving. It was quite tasking though, but in the end, it was worth it.Thanks RUTGERS.
Thoroughly enjoyed the whole course levels every week. Videos and documentations were very detailed and easy to understand.
I like the way the instructor has kept the session interactive for the whole time even when there are slides going around.
Very helpful! I am an entrepreneur in the logistics industry and this course helped me fill a lot of gaps in my knowledge.
I am soo Glad to be part of this, I cant thank Coursera enough for this amazing opportunity, and the Lecturer is the Best
It was really amazing and enhanced my knowledge about supply chain logistics. It would be helpful for me to to get a job.
Great course with practical assignments and exercises. I would advise anyone interested in Logistics to take this course.
It was a Gret hands on learning experience. Thanks to Coursera for Designing such an interactive and self learning course
I thank Mr. Instructor for flourishing me with knowledge, experience, love, and fun. It was a great opportunity for me.
Adding too muchThis course support tot much to get the principles and to know how to improve the process and full cycle
super happy and grateful for the opportunity to have new tools for my professional field, such as university teaching.
Great leason , easy , fast and right to the target. A very good complement to my expertise and years in logistic field
It was an excellent course. I hope it will be an initial step for understanding the whole of Supply chain management.
Excellent class and excellent professor. I am doing the entire specialization and would recommend taking all classes.
I learned many things doing this course, especially related to time, distance, designing warehouses. Nicely designed!
Very good teacher, who is more enthusiastic about Supply Chain Management than is reasonably possible.   Recommended.
It's quite interesting, I never thought it will be this challenging, but it's really great knowledge acquired so far
To Establish a Supply Chain Logistics is a great challenge in this Aspect. It's the Root of Supply Chain Management.
Really great  course they are not just teaching  leaving , they are making us to learn the things . I just loved it
Great course! Covers all the basics and it gives you the opportunity to apply your knowledge to real life examples.
This course really great !! I learnt much new thing on this course !! Don't miss your chance to take this course !!
I AM VERY THANKFUL TO MY TEACHER AND ALSO MY PRIME MINISTER WHO GAVE  ME A CHANCE TO LEARN TO MUCH FROM THIS COURSE
This course deliver good and essential knowledge to the learner. Thanks to Prof. Rudolf Leuschner and Coursera Team
I learn so much! Some assignments are challenging but possible to do it. Thank you so much for the knowledge gain.
I love the course setup and the Instructor is funny and engaging. Learned alot from taking this course. Thank you.
things related to supply chain  management were covered. the assignments helped to work on job in practical nature
I really love to enrol in the Supply Chain Specialization because of the way I learned the Supply Chain Logistics.
Excellent course that introduces the basics and lets you get a feel of logistics planning in the final assessment.
The course is very well settled, it provides technical information in a very clear and logic way. I recommend it!
Great course. Freshers must do this course. Going on to the next level of logistics and supply chain management.
Nice pace, good level of content, and nice to have a few peer-reviewed assignments instead of just easy quizzes.
Excellent program! I enjoyed a lot and learned the basics of logistic. Cant wait to initiate the second module.
yes it was good experience to learn from this professional platform and i will stick with it for future courses
Very effective course  I have learned about logistics, transportation and about warehouse,it was interesting.
It is very useful course ..I get thorough understanding about logistics and how it's works and it's sub factors
Good content and with the help of regular quiz and assignments, we are able to memories the same. Learnt a lot.
A great introduction to logistics - it has interesting projects which are challenging but enjoyable to produce.
Its a nice course, Easily explained the basics of supply chain. Example and assignments are very well designed.
It was a good course to study the basics in logistics and it did not take too much of my time to go through it.
The course opens your eyes to various complexities as a beginner and teaches you how to approach these issues.
The questions for the peer graded assignments are very good at testing real-world application of the concepts.
The teacher explains everything with great real life examples which makes understanding the concepts easy. :)
The course is ideal for beginners. Our assistant, who led us through this course, explained everything nicely
Very interesting course. i have enjoyed all the topics during those 4 weeks. I'm exited to start second one.
Love this course as a learner you are given opportunity to learn more from other participants of the course.
I learned a lot about the supply chain. I recommend everyone who wants to know about supply chain logistics.
GREAT Course WRT to supply Chain field.It is very helpful for beginner as well as experienced professionals.
Wonderful. Really enjoy the way the lecture is taken and the assignment really is like an hands on training
I am very excited when i started learning and now i am very much aware of supply chain logistics thankyou.
Lectures are well presented and the lecture summary is very helpful.The forum is focused on course topics.
it was really amazing experience and i will continue all the courses because it goes deep into the details
It is a very completed course. I get new english skills for Supply Chain. Thank you so much for your time.
it was very good experience ,here i learned many things which help to create a logostics network.thankyou
I learned a lot from this course and recommend it to anyone pursuing a career in supply chain management.
This course is well-organized, there were a lot of very cool assigments to do, and lecturer is very good!
It's the best online course which gave me an in depth knowledge about the subject in such an easy manner.
The initial learning was very hepfull and make me interested to continue studying supply chain managment!
The message is clear to understand the basic concepts of supply chain in this lecture. It is interesting.
This course explained the basic of logistics and cleared many doubts and important factors for decision.
This is a very straightforward introduction to Supply Chain Logistics, and about what I was looking for.
It is an excellent course that offers a lot of new knowledge and tools applicable in the field of work.
their is lot of practical exposer in this course due to which we gets more confidence and we learn more
I really like this course that is very useful with lot of important information and interesting things.
Great course to improve our knowledge in this area. As a beginner I learned much with this. Thank you.
This course is a great starting point to get a general overview and learn basic Supply Chain concepts.
an informative  course to learn about the basics of supply chain management in a comprehensive manner.
Fun course and very informative. Hands-on assignment that require understanding of the covered topics.
It was great learning for any beginner about the logistics network design, working and implementation.
I loved this course!! Learned a lot out of it. Got an overall idea about logistics and its management.
Really useful and helpful to get to know and understand basic logistics concepts, highly recommended .
Really helpful, I've learned many techniques of Logistics that I didn't know before. Teacher is great.
I learned about how W/H be operated and designed "floor plan" logistics 7Rs, lead time and fill rate.
The course is very educative and gives a challenging task to complete without learners been reluctant
Learning in the entertained environment this course gives you, is the best way to acquire knowledge!!
Great course! it gives the learner better understanding of supply chain logistics on strategic scale.
The assignments in this course were very helpful in putting what you should have learned into action.
Very useful course and provides in depth knowledge of skills and tools required for logistics system.
Great course! A fun and practical way to cover the most important aspects of Supply Chain Logistics!
Very Good course for beginners. Prof. provides in-depth knowledge of each topic. Enjoyed the course.
Great option to understand the basics. The professor does a superb job bringing life to the content.
very hands-on courses, specially for students with non-SCM course background. definitely have a try!
Very clear and precise course. Excellent faculty and the assignments make you think more creatively.
Professor was awesome it was so real !! Thanks for teaching me Supply chain Logistics your awesome!
Nice and educative course. A brief and clear concept is provided with exciting lessons and quizzes.
The assignments really gave a practical outlook on how supply chain is to be applied in daily life.
Very nice course. The assignments were simple but needed application of concepts taught in lectures
Thank you very much for the support, I am very satisfy with the lectures and explanations provided.
Great course by Rutgers University. Really helped to develop my skills in Supply Chain Management.
Great course! Great, fund and charismatic professor! great overview and interesting assignments...
Very Basic course but works to enhance knowledge and learn more fundamental aspect of Supply Chain
This is a very very good course. The Professor makes it easy to understand and motivates everyone.
Very good entry level course! Good overall presentation and important points are well established.
Superb introduction to supply chain logistics. I am taking the remaining courses to get more info.
All must have an idea on supply chain management,it is a basic need, and this course offers that.
I learned fundamental knowledge about logistics and the importance it has for its correct storage
The course content was very detailed and easy to grasp for someone new to supply chain logistics.
I like it, it has good topics and information and at the same time it is an easy way of learning.
A good step for biginner into logistics field. Easy approach is the best thing the course offers
I really liked the methodology! I think that Ive received enough information to develop myself.
it was hard sometimes during the quiz because the questions was so hard to find and understands
A well-constructed course for Supply Chain and Logistics basis. I got a lot to learn. Thank you
This course is highly essential for understanding logistic network and supply chain management.
gained a good knowledge about road carriers , warehouse layout and to build a logistics network
Contains all the basic knowledge and terms required to understand the subject from the scratch.
WOW. What an experience. The peer graded assignments were really the cherries on top of a cake!
This is a great overview of supply chain logistics and I'm looking forward to the next course!
very useful, and newbie friendly, I don't have any difficulty to learn this. good explanations
THIS COURSE WAS EXCELLENT AND WELL ORGANIZED SO THAT I GOT KNOWLEDGE ABOUT LOGISTICS AND NETWO
its very good course. very rich in course contain , and presentation . I really enjoyed it lot
It gives me good experiences by learning the program and sharing opinions with other learners.
One of the fine courses with lot of practical examples.More data and knowledge can be included
Good Introduction course to start with. Can be more intense interms of network facility design
Very well taught with exceptional problems to test one's knowledge. Would certainly recommend.
Its one of the best knowledgeable course, great skills obtained here, thanks for this course.
This course bring me more knowledge about logistic management and how to improve for business
Great class. Even though this is my profession, I really enjoyed learning from the ground up.
Excellent course! Gives you the basics of logistics and how supply chain networks are created
Really nice early review/intro. Very much hoping it gets deeper in the later courses, though.
The best logistics course for anyone new to supply chain or one who wants to know the basics
I learnt a lot from this course, specifically about transportation and warehouse management.
Great material, assessments and professor. Very happy will continue with the Specialization.
Te course give you helping hand by answering quizzes and do the assignment for understanding
I strongly recommend this course for those want to gain knowledge in supply chain logistics
I have learned  a lot of knowledge  about the supply  chain logistics  and it's  processing
It was fun. The content was well defined and well organised. I had a great time doing this.
A very nice overview of the entire process. Learned a lot about logistics from this course.
This is international course and it help improve the skill about supply chain and logistics
clear explanation and thought-provoking assignment. the delivery of the lecturer also good
great course i gain knowledge and experience in multiaspects of logistics and supply chain
Excellent Course, teaches the basics to individuals considering a career in supply chain !
A well planned course to understand the transport ,logistics,warehouses,logistis operation
Very good introductory course, where it really tests your interest in the Logistics area.
practical learning at various stages of this particular course. was fun to be a part of .
The course content and assignment was enough fun to grow my knowledge regarding logistics
Great course, it gave me a beautiful insight into the world of Logistics and warehousing.
The content of the course was very nice and smooth. I have learned things with great joy.
Very useful course for beginners to have the basic acknowledges for logistic information.
It was excellent course. I am very happy with the knowledge that I got with this course.
Best Course available on the internet till now on Logistics and Supply Chain Management.
I really enjoyed learning, Looking forward to take other courses in this specialization.
This course is very use full and i enjoyed the way that the  Instructors are Teaching .
The assignments were the best part of. They helped a lot to gain insight and knowledge.
perfect course to understand supply chain logistics and the planning part of a network.
i learnt many new things and the best part is I got a chance to implement what I learnt
This course is really good for beginners who want to become a really good in logistics.
Course is great and give us the right explanation of who Logistics Network are build up
Well done course for beginners that want to learn more about the Supply Chain industry.
Very helpful to me for elucidating the overall paint of  US logistics and how it works.
Great course. Very well taught and the assignments and quizzes are very interesting too
Motivation for guys like me to learn online which by the way is THE BEST mode of study.
Nicely explained by Prof. Rudolf Leuschner. The language was clear and understandable.
It was a great course ,learned the basics of Logistics with great illustrative videos.
it was fun . the course material were well organized that make the learning easy & fun
This course give a Birds eye view about Supply Chain and Explain With Industrial Touch
Very  simple, however very useful and practical. I really appreciated the assignments.
It was a great opportunity to reinforce my knowledge of logistics. Thank you so much!
Very interesting course, it gives you a good overview of the supply chain management.
Excellent course. It's very well explained and the assignments are extremely helpful.
This was an excellent course. All the assignments were practically driven. I loved it
A great introduction to the world of Operations Management and Supply Chain Logistics
This course is great for someone wanting to learn more about Supply Chain Logistics.
I learnt a lot of supply chain, thanks to this course. It was an amazing experience.
Very well conveyed and tremendously informative as a beginner's course in Logistics.
Useful beginner's course to get you started on the basics of Supply Chain Logistics.
Like it very much,  clear explanations and like very much the different assignments.
Great course! A little too short, but educational nonetheless! Well worth your time!
It was really wonderful. The learning was immense. Thanks a lot for the oppotunity.
Amazing experience learned greatly. I can't wait to continue with the next courses.
The course gives a detailed knowledge of the Logistics services and the warehouses.
Learning is Fun with professor Rudolf, very interesting and he made it interesting
It puts you to work, makes you use your mind and also do a little bit of research.
The course is very informative and full of interesting topics related to the field
A good course for those who want to start with logistics or refresh their skills.
it was fun to learn about how things gets quickly delivered with almost no error.
very constructive and informative. I have learned more concepts from this course.
This course is very useful to understand the basics of supply chain and logistics
Great Course for beginners. The assignments are very interesting and challenging.
Great information with direct, enthusiastic presentation from Professor Leuschner
Course is very easy, and well clarified, the assignments added value to me Thanks
There was an outstanding learning. it helped me building my concept from scratch.
It's a very helpful course and it cleared my concepts of  Supply Chain logistics.
It was informative and interactive and the peer reviews were a great initiative.
Good course that can gice an overview and insight of the supply chain logistics.
He is the best instructor. He explains everything in a precise, coherent manner.
Great Course. Every supply chain learner, practitioner have to learn this course
Best experience in logistics and faculty was too expert to explain things easily
i have learned a lot in this course. My favorite part was the warehouse design.
Very informative and the tasks are challenging in a good way to ensure that you
Very interesting course, giving a good introduction into Supply Chain Logistics
This course was easy to understand and easy to follow the information provided.
This course is dynamic, fun and really has a very good and interesting content.
It was really exciting to learn about so many concepts of SCM from this course
I learned many staff about transportation, warehousing, and inventory storage.
This course has been very helpful in understanding the supply chain logistics.
The faculty was excellent,the course materials and examples were really useful
Very good module. Just the right length too. Assignment is challenging. Kudos!
It is the good foundation course to start a career in Supply Chain Management.
This class has been very informative. I look forward to more in the specialty.
Excellent course for a beginner who wants to know all the basics of Logistics
excellent course, this give me more knowledge about logistics ,warehouse etc,
fantastic. This course gave a general insight on what logistics is all about.
Excellent pace, good quality content, and well-articulated teachable points.
It is an ideal course for giving out basic ideas about supply chain network.
Easy and introductory course to supply chain. Good assignments and lectures.
A very nice course for a person who intents to start off with supply chain.
Amazing course. Can be easily completed in a week's time of dedicated work.
clear explanations and fun activities that helped solidify what we learned.
Informative with very practical assessments. Thoroughly enjoyed the course.
i like the course. It is useful and the professor is highly good explaining
It helps alot through this learnt how to create Google maps and alot more.
Great knowledgeable session, wonderful cariteria used to monitor such info
NICE COURSE .TO GET ALL BASIC KNOWLEDGE RELATED TO SUPPLY CHAIN LOGISTICS.
Excellent teaching with valuable information provided by Rudolf, Thank you
It is good course to have a knowledge of basics of supply chain logistics
it's a very good course, the teaching method is very good and interactive
It's an amazing course. GIves detailed insight on supply chain principles
It was excellent course. I have found lots of things new which I learned.
thank you ,for providing this course which is very helpful in my future!!
Its was amazing to study this course and got to learn lot about logistics
this course was very informative and will recommend coursera to every one
great course to take ! explained from basics !! Thank you so much sir :-)
It's Very good and Knowledgeable course. I learned a lot from this course
I was very happy to follow courses and learning things I did not mastary.
This lecture gives me a great help to understand supply chain logistics.
The course is very instructive and gave a decent knowledge of logistics.
The course is of great help for us practicing supply chain and logistic.
A very good course with simple explanations and also easy to understand
A very explanatory course. The teacher explains in a very didactic way.
Sets out the tone perfectly for the specialization. Highly Recommended.
I really enjoyed the way i discovered logistics throughout this course.
It was a great course, enjoyed it, refreshed my knowledge of logistics.
It gives a brief overview of the logistic network. I enjoyed doing it.
Coursera made learning of supply chain Logistics easy and interesting.
very interesting course giving a good flavor of supply chain logistics
A FANTASTIC EYE OPENER TO THE BASIC CONCEPTS OF SUPPLY CHAIN LOGISTICS
Excellent Course !! I already learned a lot of Supply Chain Logistics.
Quite good. The video is precise and unique. Would love to learn more
It was very interesting course, I really enjoyed learning this course
It was every educational , fun and simple to understand as a beginner
Assignments are really great for better understanding of this course.
It is really nice way to learn and very affordable, I really like it.
Thanks to the Coursera I have learned a lot in supply chain logistics
Flexible course to complete. Great reminder. Task oriented programmes
Very introductory, but I needed that!  A really GREAT place to start.
Clear, concise, informative and overall a great learning experience.
It was my first online course. I really enjoyed the way of learning.
It was very useful for me ,it has gave me information through depth.
It was fun and creative learning making  it very simple to conceive.
Loved the course. The assignments were prepared at most perfect way.
Very informative course. Perfect for beginners in Logistics and SCM
Gained a lot of knowledge in the field of Supply chain management.
Easy to digest material. Engaging assignments. Nice presentations.
This is a great course for beginners and is also very interesting!
I enjoy this course. Very useful and lots of relevant information.
It was a nice experience and a learn the basic about supply chain
If you have keen interest in SCM or Logistics you must go with it
Seemingly complicated concepts expertly-explained by a lively pro
This is my first on line course, I like it very much,, thank you
This course is really very helpful for a new career development.
I have learnt so much from this course. Very well designed plan.
Course material contains all necessary items, Thank you so much!
Projects were really good, helped me a lot during my internship.
Very elaborate course with very useful and creative assignments.
i am so happy for this and i want do some more Cources like this
Easy to understand and creative yet practical assignment topics!
excellent i learned too much....thanks coursera and Prof. Rudolf
Amazing course. Amazing instructor. Great learning opportunity.
Best course to know about the knowledge of supply chain network
great course to initiate with basic supply chain understanding!
Great Course! Helped a lot in developing fundamental knowledge.
A must for whoever want to know the basic of logistic operation
It was fun and exciting learning about supply chain management
Very helpful in learning the basics of supply chain logistics.
Its good course .All the basics are covered very informatively
Very nicely taught. Assignment submission made us learn a lot.
It was a great experience, online studying for the first time.
It was a structured and wonderful course, thank you very much.
This course was really informative and direct. I recommend it!
supply chain logistics course |useful . have fun . make mytory
best course to start gain basics of supply chain and logistics
this course is very useful to who currently works in the field
It is an excellent curse for start understanding supply chain
Great course to start learning Supply Chain Management Basics
Thanks to the professor for giving us such in depth knowledge
good material , great lessons overall i recommend this course
Really very nice and useful course. Thanks and grats, Antonio
The Course content was up to date and effective for learning
Surprised at the knowledge gained it just 4 weeks, awesome!!
Very good start for those who wants to know about Logistics.
Able to get confident in understanding logistics management.
Excellent course about all the aspects of a logistic network
Course is really helpful to know about the Logistics system.
enough interesting snd fun way of learning, I recommend you
Great course for introduction of logistics and supply chain
Very easy to learn and the assignments are based on reality
this is an amazing course and the teaching also very good.
Really helpful and more importantly very practical course.
I learned how the supply chain management logistics works.
Well recommened for new learner in supply chain logisitcs.
Easy and understandable supply chain explained! Thank you!
Very good practical examples were included in this course.
This course was fun and challenging. Highly recommended!!!
it helped me a lot at my work , I recommend people take it
Excellent course on Supply Chain Logistics for beginners.
great course with lots of practical assignment! loved it!
Loved the assignments. These were very proactive and fun!
The final assignment is comprehensive and well structured
REAL-LIFE KNOWLEDGE OF INVENTORY MANAGEMENT AND LOGISTICS
its very interesting and everything explained very good .
Very well explain. Great teacher with very good examples.
Very insightful course with a lot of industrial examples
Excel your basic level through this course. really worth
Best course to get acquainted with logistics procedures.
Excellent course and Rudolf Leuschner. Ph.D is the best!
this course really shaped my ideology. im glad i did it.
good cour with basic quest to build network of logistics
Very important course. It's really necessary for career.
Very helpful for the basic development of any new comer.
Very good to learn this topic of supply chain logistics
Wonderful course that I can't ever to learn in this way
Liked the course a lot. It was precise and explanatory.
It's really effective and I have learnt so many things.
This is a course very recommended to learn SCM subject.
Great Teacher explains step by step and gives examples.
Good experience,and need the more challenge for the cou
It was challenging but worth it...on to the next topic
The great learning experience with all the assignments
Interested course and also explained it very fluently.
I really enjoyed such a professional course. Thank you
Undoubtedly the best to give the practical experience.
Good course to start with Supply Chain Logistics part.
Its really interesting and really easy to understand!
Great course to know about the supply chain logistics
AWSOMEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!! TOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
it was the best course which till now i have learned.
Good introduction for non-supply chain professionals.
Very informative of the basics, a good starter class.
An interesting and well planned course for beginners.
I learned a lot from this. Very beautifully designed.
The course was very helpful to learn about logistics
I'm glad that I enrolled on this course. Many thanks
Very detailed professor and very interactive course.
good course, the professor given a good explanation.
Great information.  Great teacher and presentations.
Many practical tasks! interesting. Intensive enough
Tremendous course with a lot of useful information.
He is a good professor. I am learning a lot. thanks
A nice course well decorated with proper materials.
Fundamental course to learn supply chain management
I learn about logistics process, Logistics overview
Simple and concise course with amazing assignments!
It is a great course to beginners in the SCM field.
Great course, learning logistic's basic principles.
Assignments are so beautiful and like real projects
I had a  great opportunity while doing this course.
The course cover all the pillars needs on logistics
I enjoyed the course and the material and exercises
This course is very interesting and you enjoy this!
Great tuition, great learning process I appreciate
well organised course with real useful assigments.
It was an amazing experience! Great improvements!!
Brilliant introduction to Supply Chain Management.
Good course to understand the basics of Logistics!
Great course sir,but could had been in more depth.
It was an enriching experience and great learning
well explained and the course is very interesting
It is a very educational and interesting course.
very intresting and had fun in learnng logistics
Self- explanatory. My basics have grown stronger
This is a very essential and informative course.
content of course id best it is helpful for all.
Very well explained videos from Professor Rudolf
The lecture of the professor is very interesting
Very general  but complete. 100% recommendable .
It is basic but it give a wide view on logistics
best course for learning the core of logistics.
really it was nice learning with Coursera team.
Great entry level course. Totally recommended!.
An amazing course that makes me love logistics
Good introduction to the world of Supply Chain
very interactive but complex and yet fun to do
Excellent course, very effective and useful!!!
Good course and the assingment is really good
It was a great experience taking this course.
It is a great program, very well structureed.
Very interacting and good course for starters
Great introduction to Supply Chain Logistics!
Informative and easy to learn for begginners
Great learning experience for me. I love it.
The course is easy to understand and follow.
Its a good course for supply chain studetnts
good subject and i learn many things from it
great course to take off with in this field
the course was more project based then ever
The course was amazing, have learned a lot!
Very insightful for beginners in logistics.
It was great hands on learning , Thank You.
Good course to know the basics of logistic.
Very good course with an excellent teacher!
An excellent course with a lot of learning.
i liked and learned so much in this course
Very good course on supply chain logistics
It's a really good course, I recommend it.
This course introduces enough for beginner
Nice course with really great assignments.
Very knowledgeable and informative course.
War great course and I learned many thins.
I have been out but um resuming the course
cool to learn, lecture is fun to listen to
Just a right course for right person ..!!
Great Insight for logistics and planning,
It was fun and so rewarding ! Thank you !
Very informative and learned many things.
A really helpful course. Thanks Coursera.
Great fundamental course on supply chain.
Great course. Got to learn a lot from it.
Time well spent in studying this course.
Very Informative, Lucid and Knowledgable
Very interesting. Loved the assignments!
very helpful course to learn the basics.
Nice course, learning through real cases
Great insight to the world of logistics.
Excellent course and excellent teacher!!
The Assignments were really interesting
Informative and practical based course.
informative and very nice presentation.
its a great step in supply chain career
I loved the course it was very dynamic.
really good course. thank you coursera.
Thank you for this course its so useful
Very knowledgeable course for beginners
Very interactive and helpful! Hats off!
Excellent course and teaching approach
It's good for everyone. Recommended!!!
Very usefull and easy to understand!!!
Love this course very much. Big thanks
Great into to supply chain management!
the best course to learn the knowledge
Very helpful course for the beginners.
Good introductory course for beginners
Supply management is 5 star study tool
One hell of a course. A lot to learn.
I found it fascinating. Great course.
That's a great course, I learn a lot.
informative and perfect for beginners
Wonderful course. I enjoyed learning!
THE COURSE WAS FUN,REALLY ENJOYED IT
Excellent learning through coursera!
It was an international level course
i have learn a lot from this course.
Very helpful and full of information
a very interesting and useful course
This course is a great introduction.
I Liked it , learned a lot of things
This is a good course for  starters.
i learned a lot from the instructor.
perfect one and greet the professor
One of the best structured courses!
Super informational and eyeopening!
Good experience learning on line!!
I need the Masters degree.. please
Really awesome!! Very recommended!
Superb. Loved all the assignments.
A wonderful learning experience...
I really gained alot, thanks prof.
great start for the specialization
Great start, this is a great deal!
An interesting introductory course
awesome for basics in Supply Chain
Very knowledgable and informative
The course is helful for beginner
That was a awesome experience !!!
Detailed and informative. Thanks,
Nice Program and very much learn.
Many thanks for such amazing work
Highly informative course content
An excellent course for learning!
Got a good overview of logistics.
Wonderful course. I learnt a lot.
Excellent class, I learned a lot.
Really enjoyed and learned a lot.
I am saying it worths.Believe me
This course has good information
Excellent way to learn this way.
Nice course and good information
Its a very informational course.
Great course. Easy to understand
Great practical oriented course.
Great course, great information.
It covers the basic as expected.
Excellent professor and videos!
The course content is fabulous.
It is really good course though
Very nice and cool environment.
Its very  helpful in my career.
Assignments were very practical
It is very knowledgeable course
Its a Excelente  initial course
This was a lot of fun to learn.
Very good, interesting and fun!
Good basic course on logistics
Great course, you learn a lot!
This course is helpful for me.
IT WAS A GOOD AND TOUGH COURSE
Good course and really helpful
Great course! Great professor!
Very beginner friendly course.
Learnt a lot from this website
Great knowledge being enhanced
Loveable!!! But very basic!!!
Excellent! Highly recomended!
This course is really useful.
Excllent course for beginners
Wonderful course for learning
Good experience with Coursera
Wonderful and   knowledgeable
Terms illustrated very nicely
This one is quite interesting
Its good, more videos perhaps
general concept ,very useful.
nice course. well understand
Very good course for fresher
This helped me to learn more
peer assignment was very fun
everything is well organised
A very well sculpted course.
Amazing! Thank you everyone!
Great Course. Learned a lot.
Excellent course to go with!
That was an awesome course.
thank you for the knowledge
Good Insight on Logistics .
This course is really good!
Very Interesting and Knowle
The course was very useful.
it is very exciting course.
Good experience on coursera
well organized, resourceful
Enjoyed it and it was fun !
It was very helpful course.
It was fun and interesting
i learn a important things
i like this course so much
Highly Informative Course.
VERY INFORMATIVE.THANK YOU
It was quite an experience
Course is Full of Learning
very good course for basic
Good Intro tu supply chain
Awesome course. Thank you.
the finest step to move on
Great Introduction course.
very useful course thanks
It is really great Thanks
The best platform....!!!!
Great for New SCM learner
A robust and rich course.
Great very very Benito is
I enjoyed it! It was fun!
Very Helpful and detailed
It was really beneficial
Great course for SCM
Material courses is good
I Loved this course!!!!!
This is very interesting
Useful and clever course
Course with top quality.
very professional course
It was a good challenge
Really an awesome one 
Good Informative course
Very Insightful course.
Good intoductory course
It was awesome course.
Highly Recommended..!!
Very educative course.
Very interesting assig
Very nicely presented
Amazing course it was
its so amazing thanks
It was great  Thanks
It's fantastic course
That course is good.
Thank you , Coursera
Awesome and helpful.
international course
Well very structured
Gain good knowledge
This course so best
good and insightful
quality information
Great dynamic.  
The prof is super.
its a great coarse
Amazing Instructor
Great Leraning !!!
Very good content.
Great Course here
great opportunity
Awesome course...
The best teacher.
Remarkably useful
very rich course!
very organised!!
i learned a lot!
Highly Enriching
Well thought of.
greatits worthy
It was thorough
Great lectures!
good go for it!
That's great
Extremely Good
good teacher.
Great Intro!
realy good
it's great
Wow great
GReat
