No point enrolling if you don't want to pay for the certificate. I understand that the assignments or extra materials are for those who pay, but with this course, there is no point even starting without paying - as all the material, including praticing material that the tutor works with are not accessable. Just waste of time - trying to figure out if it's worth something. It would be fair to just say that at the beginnig.The course (at least the beginning) is really super basic and anyone who ever opend excel can skip at least week 1. For that reason I didn't want to pay, I wanted to see how it is, if I can learn something new - maybe later on. Well, I will never find out and I'm going to watch Excel is fun instead.
This course is mediocre for beginners. If you have some knowledge about Excel maybe you will understand something, but if that's not the case the explanations are too fast and too vague for someone who hasn't used the program before. Also the course teaches some functions that most people won't ever use (and some functions from Office 365 that you can't use in other versions of Excel, so why make us waste our time?) and the explanations, as I said before, are so incomplete and vague they are difficult to understand. The videos are short, but if you want to work along them you have to keep pausing them and going back to grasp what he is trying to teach. Moreover, the forums are useless, since they are full of students asking questions about some of the assignments or exercices but no answer from the teacher.Even myself, who has been using Excel for a while got really frustrated during this course. I wouldn't reccoment it.
unclear how to download/access text files for UK customers. Could not receive support to answer question,aborted course, despite passing every module, could not answer text file question as could not access it
This course skips important material if you only audit it. It says it is for beginners but the instructor does a very poor job of building off of each skill he addresses. There are better videos on YouTube.
I believe this corse is not for me, too many details too fast. I wish I can have my money back.
is not free!!
I couldn't continue with the course because I never got an answer from the professor. It´s a good course, the material is made with excellent quality but the problem is that I couldn't follow because when I did a question about how to continue or how to resolve the problem, the professor never gave me any answer. I checked the forum and there are many students that have the same problem and the professor just answer when the student says "I didn't have any problem with the assignment" or "It´s very easy". Congratulations for the course, but there is no support to continue with it, I think you will have a lot of frustrated students like a result.
I was very disappointed in how this course was presented.  My background is math and I have a degree in Computers in Education.  I had a familiarity with Excel and just decided to take it for fun to pick up some new skills but i became so frustrated with finding my way around the course and how to use the supplied spread sheets that I just gave up and only did the videos and picked up information,  The instructor presented the topic way to fast and really did not give guidance in what we should do in the practice sheets to prepare for the quizzes.  Feel free to contact me at jbunting_97@yahoo.com if you would like to discuss this further.I have never quit on a course in my entire life until this one and it has defeated me.
I'm actually leaving this class because the instructor is going way to fast and makes me dizzy with how much he moves his cursor around.   I would have otherwise enjoyed the class and could have used the knowledge that I have to now look for elsewhere.
It would be okay if there was a response from the professor. I think it is a little difficult for an absolute beginners course in Excel. Couldn't complete the course because I could not figure out a function on a test.
There were a few problems for me in submitting the assignment, and I even tried to contact the concerned person, but my query was not solved, and I have to drop the course.
Too hard for me! I want to unenroll
I enjoyed it a lot. I am quite a novice at this so I found a lot of good and informative material.The first weeks were not really on point for me: the teacher explains in detail some excel functions I don't expect I will be using a lot and a lot of the exercises were very academic: function inside a function and stuff like that. I pushed trough and I must say I am glad I did, overall I found the course good.Reason for the low(ish) rating is mainly because, you have to do all the previous steps to unlock the subsequent material and, If you don't finish the course in the allowed time, the videos remain available but the material you haven't unlocked it's locked for good. That's a pity because the assignments (macro enabled workbooks) are truly good to have as examples. I imagined that, once you paid for the course (49 Dollars), all the material is yours. That is not the case: for example, if you finish week 3 and then leave and the time expires, then you don't get your certificate AND, the material in week 4 and 5 doesn't unlock unless you pay again and you "earn" it.  I wish this aspect will be fixed, maybe by not locking exams and ESPECIALLY assignments.
This course has a lot of information about Excel.  The  lessons are well organized and give a good explanation of the topics covered, yet the professor goes very fast over some of the skills. It is quite apparent that the professor knows Excel very well and has put in a great amount of time to create this course.  Although, there are big drawbacks to taking this course.  Learning  Excel is like learning to play a musical instrument.  It takes a lot of practice to learn new skills. There is not any "homework"  provided for practicing the skills learned and there is no help from the professor when you have a question.  If you get stuck on the assignments, which are complicated, you are supposed to write a question in the discussion forum, but the professor does not respond to the questions.  I spent hours looking up videos on YouTube to get the answers to my questions.   This course would be much better if practice were provided and if there were some way to get answers to questions.
1) The course content is widely based on the use of MS-Office 2019 or Office 365, which makes it difficult to clear the assignments as easily as they would be on these versions of Excel.2) Assignments and quizzes should have more sensitivity in them, as in assignments if a person could not solve any particular question due to any reason, the whole assignment turns into vain.3) The difficulty level of all the questions is quite low, the only fact makes them a bit hard is that all the formulas of the newer versions are not available  in the older versions, which makes it difficult so solve, else if one is provided with the new versions, then the assignments are just a piece of cake for them
It's wonderful course. I learned much about Excel.
ASSIGNMENTS ARE LITTLE BIT BORING
This course is very informative. Going through this course, a good understanding of the use of the functions can be developed. Although some terms need to be properly defined like VBAs, some functions like XLOOKUP, etc,. these can have more uses than defined in this course. Otherwise, this course is very beneficial for beginners who use Excel in their daily life.
This was a very good course and the instructor is very knowledgeable when it comes to all of the things Excel can do. At some times, it did seem a bit advanced for a know nothing about Excel beginner. Some of the examples used in quizzes or assignments could be simplified and not as complex when dealing with beginners.
Course Contents are excellent. The faculty is good. Assignments covered in this course really tests your ability to understand the concepts learned and its application. Overall I enjoyed the learning process and looking forward to enrolling the Part 2 course.
The videos are quite educational and informative. They are also quite great to work alongside. My main issue is the disorganisation in the discussion forum. It is filled to the brim with unanswered questions on how to go about the assignments given.
Course covers all the basic excel work an individual need to know about without consuming too much time on conventional limited knowledge of excel. But do practice with Charlie during screen casts to make your grip stronger.
I found it difficult not being to speak or ask questions to a live person, but other than that I loved learning this new information and it will be super helpful in my new position! Thank you!!
Pretty good course. There are some hiccups in some of the videos, as well as some of the "hints". I find it leads you down the wrong path sometimes, but other than that pretty good course.
A little fast paced, don't be afraid to use the pause button. A lot of info to absorb but super helpful overall!
The teacher should give more information on how to complete complex dynamic operations.
The course is superb.but assignment is tricky. more clues need to given complete 3&4
this course boosts my excel skills. The assignments are nice and exciting!!!!!
Its great for beginners who want to learn the basic on how to use Excel.
There should be way more exercises for us to do on our own.
I learn lot things of this course, Thank you so much ..
GOOD Course help me for carrer development
Very good class met my expectations
Good Course for Beginners in Excel
Challenging
Very much basic course and the instructor described Everything very nicely..Its a must for the beginne.. Had to work hard to go through the course and finally came out to be successful
if someone wants to be expert on excel and act like a pro . with a comprehensive description about the functionality of excel . I highly Recommend this Course every video has it question and each week has a quiz and the most thing i like the Assignment it is really interesting to gain the experience that you need for your career
Fast paced lectures kept my interest and wasted no time. I have used Excel for many years but found the review to be very helpful, and it exposed some areas that I had apparently not mastered previously (surprise!). Additionally, pointing out the new features in Excel 365 was very helpful. I initially started out the class in my older version (2016), but soon found the new features very helpful to practice with and updated my subscription. I think a quick minute or two on "what's new" in 365 would be helpful; I found a few additional features that weren't covered like XLOOKUP.  I had taken Charlie's VBA specialization in 2018, and found his instructional style very accessible and his teaching approach, with examples, very helpful - this  course also reflects the care he puts into his instruction development. Overall, a very helpful course and I'll look forward to parts 2 and 3.
Charlie is clearly a very experienced instructor / teacher.  I enjoy his style and easy-to-understand presentation of material.  The content of this course was a bit too basic for me (being an advanced Excel user), but I still managed to pick up a couple of things / tricks I have not known or used before.
Huge thanks to both Corsera and our instructor Charlie Nuttelman. That was a really good course, design beautifully so u can complete in time plus learn Excel very well at the same time.
Excellent course on excel, it covers everything that a beginner needs to learn. Video lectures provided are more than sufficient and assignments really test your skills.
I strongly recommend this course to beginners.The course instructor is awesome.The video lectures are clear with inciting assignment and quizzes.
So far I've completed many courses on Coursera but none of them really test my skills. But this project really help me do this. The assignments were too good, we have to apply all the concept which we learn weekly which actually helps us to learn & understand more effectively. Thank You all who made this course possible for us. You have been Instructor.
This is the best Coursera course i have ever taken up. This course is really Brain storming and The way Professor has dealt it was quite interesting. It was just like reading or watching a suspense thriller biting nails what happens next. same way, the assignments did not let me rest until the assignment is completed. This was an awesome experience.
Very interesting course. Well presented. My first language is french and it was easy to go through the course understanding everything. Good pace. Good practice. Keep up the good work. Like many other I had to learn Excel for my job. So I learned it with try and error, but I miss out many basics infos. This course fill the blank. Thank you!
The course was too good. Very useful. The instructor was excellent. He was very clear in teaching the concepts. The most important part is the Assignment. He will make you understand the concept and without understanding we can't do the assignment. The course is structured beautifully in that manner.
I feel great & honored While learning with this first course. Instructor Charlie Nuttleman is very good in terms of explaining difficult concepts in an easy manner. I enjoyed & learned a lot while going through all the screencasts and Exercises, Thank you.
One of the best course of all time fellas !!! The instructor is really awesome luv u Charlie sir!! !!! and the way by which the assignments and the quiz are constructed are really awesome !! One of the course which made me realize its worth!!
Even being this the first Excel course I've taken, I think it is an excellent way for learning to use Excel, it is quick and well-structured; also, it is enjoyable the way Dr. Charlie explains the different topics.
Very well taught course with a good range of challenges for beginner to intermediate excel users. Overall, I enjoyed this course and it taught me some shortcuts and skills I didn't know were possible with Excel.
Great basic course with simple but useful practical tasks. I would like also to point out that practical tasks are automated and made with humor -- that makes the process of completion more attractive and fun.
This is one of the BEST course I have done in Coursera. I must say special "Thank You" to Charlie Nuttelman Sir, the way he taught us was excellent. In future I must do other two courses.
Great explanations and examples for everything in the videos. Assignments were well explained and pertained to the material learned in each week (and previous weeks).
I really enjoyed the learning. All the small quiz during the video to clear the concept was fun. I also appreciate the evaluation process though the such assignments.
The course was very interesting and instructive.  I am happy to finish it and for sure i will continue other parts. Thanks to Mr Nuttelman, he is a very good teacher.
very very productive course for people who play with data every day.  I would like to thanks Charles (the instructor) for wonderful assignment based on learnings.
this course is really helpful for someone like me who has no idea on even the basics of excel. i learnt a lot from professor charlie and enjoyed his assignments!
This was a great class, just the every day basics I needed. The professor is awesome! He is very responsive to questions.
The course is great, good for beginners, makes you sit down and process the information your learning in the course.
Very clear instructions and course material. Confident instructor.Up to date (Office 365 functions are mentioned).
Excel-lent course... I liked it. A lot of things to learn. Lot of tricks and tips made my learning interestin
It is an excellent course.I will recommend everyone who are interested in Excel take can this course.
this course gave me a overveiw of how excel helps us in life,and how it makes things easy
very nice course, also for the professionals in the automobile industry in India
It has clear explanations and help you to undestand very well the concepts.
Thank you instructor. Exercises were really good. course helped a lot.
Great course! learned a lot. Instructor is awesome.
Makes studying really easy and fun!!Best sir :)
Nice course everyone should learn...
Good learning and great explanation
Very helpful. Explained very well!
Excellent Learning. Thank you!
It's very helpful. Thank you!
It was good and understable.
It was an amazing course!
Very Hard But worthwhile
As the teacher of this course would say, the course is EXCELent! This is not my first course on Coursera, but definitely the BEST one so far! Someone mentioned that course requires some additional knowledge and I can say confidently that tips from tutor are enough to understand what is asked from you if you will read everything carefully. Also someone found it fast pasting (including explanations of teacher), but this made me like this course even more, because if you need time, you always able to pause/replay the video (that the greatness of online courses after all, noone hurrys up you), and you don't have to listen some information once and once again if you get it by the first time. The greatest part of this course is practice, lots of it. And it is interesting at the same time, because you see as example where you can later implement your gained knowledge. Plus, teacher explain difference of Excel versions and not "just advertise Excel 365" but doing quite oposite - he shows the way to solve a problem for EVERY versions of Excel (if possible) and you don't have to suffer by searching in the internet why something doesn't work in your version. Amazing! Big thanks to the creator of the course!!! It is an example for everyone how course should be created. Definetily recommend it to everyone (at least give it a try) and can't wait to start the next part!!!
Thank you for The Coursera Team and Charlie Nuttelman. I really appreciate your hard work, help and giving people an opportunity to learn what they are interested in or needed to be better at their current or future job. Unfortunately, some functions which were thought only available in the latest versions of Excel 2019 and Excel 365 which means if you have earlier versions of excel you cannot use those useful functions, despite this, the course was absolutely informative, challenging and interesting. Thank you!
Although I have used Excel for years and even earned Microsoft Office Specialist Certification in Excel 2010, I still learned a lot from this course. The very updated information, i.e. introduction about new functions in Office 365, helps me save a lot of time in tasks that I used to process by older version of Excel (e.g. CONCATENATE function).For people totally new to Excel, some might feel the course content a bit overwhelming at first; but keep learning and your Excel skills will significantly improve.
This course is the gem of Coursera. I had already taken a basic introductory course by Lynda.com but I got to learn so much form this course. The questions , the quizzes and the assignment are top notch. You can't pass any test without having a deeper understanding of the topic. And this is what set apart this course from other courses. Hats off to Charlie Nuttelman, the instructor of this course, for his creative approach in every assignment and quizzes. I'm glad that I took this course.
Thank you, Charlie! I did this course because my skills are much better with the other Microsoft Office apps. Then, while I was completing Weeks 4 and 5 of the course, I suddenly had to manage a large spreadsheet of data on about 800 students (this has nothing to do with my normal teaching job), and all the things we were learning on the course came in useful for quickly managing the data, and reporting on all the different things I was asked to report on.
Series of "everyday excel" course very useful if you want to learn the basic to advance techniques and formula for use. and i would like to thank the Mr. Charlie Nuttelman for making this course challenged at every step once concept is explained. take the course if you want to go from "beginner" level to "master"  and i request Mr. Charlie Nuttelman to make more video of this series with new concept.
I absolutely loved this course! I've taken Excel in school before, but I was never taught in this much detail, or with these many helpful tips and tricks. The entire course was super easy to follow, and the amount of effort the instructor has put into designing the course flow is evident and admirable. I also loved the assignments as it really helped me identify how much I had learnt.
This course is a good way to start with Excel. The instructors starts with introducing the basic principles and features of Excel and then gradually starts introducing more and more complex features. I also like the quizzes during the screencasts and the weekly quizzes and assignments. The assignments resemble real life problems and solving the assignments can be quite challenging.
I have been in need of a course that would address my deficiencies in using Excel for quite some time.  This is the perfect course for those in a similar situation.  I found the course to be challenging, but not so difficult that you cannot complete it.  The instructor is very clear and concise, which is helpful for someone like me who shies away from anything related to math.
The course is Excel-ent for the ones who are looking to brush up their excel skills and also for those newbies like me who want to learn some useful things about the software which is the most widely used one in the world!! The instructor, Charlie sir is very good, the autograders are excellent to use, the course material is easy to go by, everything is almost perfect!!!
Outstanding course with competitive assignments. Learned a lot from Sir Charlie Nuttelman. At first, I was zero in Excel before starting this course, but now I feel like I am an Excel expert. All credit goes to Sir Charlie for bringing up such a great course. If someone wants to learn Excel in real, then this course is for him/her. Thanks
really very challenging.....but i enjoyed it.....the whole course though....thank you Charlie Sir for providing such an interesting course.....learnt a lot....every screen cast and specially the assignments thrilling because its application oriented....no guess work......makes you learn and yearn for it......hope to learn more from you..
I was auditing this course to learn a bit more about Excel.  Some of it was beyond my needs and capabilities but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The course was well planned and Charlie Nuttelman is an excellent presenter who, in a relaxed way, was able to make difficult topics interesting and fun to learn about.  His students are lucky.
This was a good course even though it was a beginner course and I am not a newbie or a beginner. However, with that being said there there are as number of things that I did learn and get out of this course that I was either partially familiar with or not familiar with that the time of learning the information in this course.
An excellent introductory course to Excel.  if you are wanting to learn Excel, I would start with this course.  I would follow up with the courses offered by McQuarie University.  A point made by one of the instructors was the Practice makes Permanent, so doing both courses is one way to embed the principles and techniques.
The course structure is very well organized. I have learned a lot of basics which I think will be very helpful for me. The instructions was very easily explained by Mr. Charlie Nuttelman. Yet the assignments was not too easy. I had to think a lot to solve those problems. However, I enjoyed this course very much. Thank you.
Absolutely wonderful! As someone who was a true beginner to Excel and nervous to apply for job opportunities that require Excel, I now feel confident thanks to this course.  Charlie Nuttelman is a great educator and really makes the course material easy to follow, understand and put into practice.  Highly recommend!
Thank you Sir, for providing me with such a great course and teaching and learning experience. I learned a lot and it will be with me throughout my life. Thank you so much Sir. May Allah Almighty bless you and your family with more and more and pleased and happy life.Thanks!Shahzeb (UET Peshawar, Pakistan)
I knew absolutely nothing about Excel before taking this course; today I know way more than the average Excel users. This course will definitely challenge you and make you learn intermediate-advanced Excel! I recommend it 100% only if you're willing to commit to a fast-paced, somewhat-difficult course!
This course is a excelent choice for unfamiliar people to start learning Excel. It provided all the fundamental elements for more advanced topics and sparkled the curiosity to learn them. Many thanks to Prof. Charlie Nuttelman for putting the course together, the screencasts are very good.
the course was very good and is very much helpful in  understanding the basics of excel. charles sir is a very good mentor to teach. it would be more effective if discussion forums are more  interactive than how they are now. This course really helped me  to get through the excel basics..
It is a great course. The assignments are very challenging. Unlike other courses, the assignments test your knowledge and understanding of the content that has been taught in that particular week. I got stuck on a couple of assignments but finally got through it with persistence.
Professor Nuttelman has done a great job of designing this course. I would recommend this course to anyone who is looking to learn excel skills for their work or their business, or to anyone looking to build on the basic skills they already have. I learned a lot from this course!
I absolutely loved this course, it was very useful and interesting. Even when I felt like I already know how to use Excel. I can't wait to start Part 2. How each of the Assignments were macro-enabled was awesome, and I felt like Charlie was in real-time grading my assignment.
Quality instruction, videos, and starter files to help you follow along with the lessons.  I've become much more comfortable with a program that, before today, I hardly use.  Plenty of real world applications for Excel.  I love it and can't wait for the remaining courses.
I already knew some excel. But still, there was a lot of new information I got from this course. It ignited a few old memories and lit a few new ones. A beginner can smoothly sail through this course with much ease and come out on the other side as an excel enthusiast
It was a good experience. I have been working with excel for the past 3 years and I learned some new and easy ways to do my work. One thing that I enjoyed the most during this course was the assignments, they were a little trickier and it was fun solving them.
It was a great course for a beginner. The professor had put a lot of time and effort into building this course and I am grateful to him. I hope the professor keeps doing more courses and also hope that I have a chance to learn from him again in the future.
This course series is a must learn no matter what profession you belong to. Excellently designed to teach basic excel skills with practice material and assignments. It helped me in my everyday tasks from simple calculations to presenting data.
Pros- easy to follow, instructor was friendly and professional, brushed up on some old skills and learned some new ones, thinking about enrolling in Part 2.Cons- the only con I can think of is maybe including an extra hint on some assignments.
This has enabled me to become better in Excel. Never thought that theres so much going on in Excel. This course is perfect for anyone who has problems with data management. I recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn more about Excel
Exelent course for anyone that is looking to increase their resume, and learn andvanced excell functions all the way from the absolute basics. Also offers a really inovative way to complete assignments, which makes it all the more rewarding.
Thank you for all your hard work. I feel that I learned quite a bit but felt stumped many times. I don't recall seeing a screen-cast about nested if's but they sure saved my bacon on 5.2. if you don't have one it might make a good addition.
The instructor breaks down topics in ways that are very easy to understand, with no presumption you've had any experience with Excel before. It's SO nice and hard to find information like that, and his teaching style is very appreciated.
A very comprehensive course with good videos. Could have had some interesting readings or puzzles kind of stuff. To get the best out of the course, you really need to have office 365/office 2019 and that though on windows computer.
I learned so much, and as an Accounting and Business major in college, I know this will be useful to my future career. It's clear that the instructor, Professor Nuttelman, put a lot of hard work into creating this course.
Course was very well taught and the lectures were well planned.The assignments were just the right amount of complex,and checked our actual knowledge on the course.Thanks for this course,Sir.It has been a joy studying it.
¡I´m so happy with this course! The teacher is the best explaining the screencast and the quizes and tasks make you learn a lot. The screencast are dynamic and you can follow all things that the teacher do. Recommended!
It was very interesting for this Course, the Learning online experience is very easier to understand but Assignment is Hard & tricky, but good to achieve our goal to success... Best Regards & Thanks, Amjadh Khan
This course was very useful for me. I have learned many things that I need to my PhD. Excellent teacher, very well prepared exercises, nice explanation. Everything was more than Create! Thank you a lot!!!
Excellent course, you  actually end up using your brains. It is challenging yet very doable. An at the end of it you have really learned something! hoping to enroll for the Part 2 as well! Thanks a ton!
This is excellent, I really enjoyed working. Is a bit hard but I learned a lot and the teacher is so clear, even if you don't speak english very well you can practice your listening at the same time.
This course is very good practice for the beginner level candidate. I have learn lot of new functions practically and that would definitely help in my professional life. Thanks for this course
It 's a very nice  & useful course. All content is explain well. Nice assignments to think and learn how to use the some of the basics functions. I liked it, i will take the part 2  of course.
Great Course!!! The only thing when I found trouble was with dates. I use DD/MM/YYYY but in some examples he uses MM/DD/YY and that gave me some troubles, but without that was Excellent!
Wonderful course! The pace is just right, the content is relevant, the screen-casts are engaging and fun to watch. The only thing I wished was the quizzes be a bit more challenging.
I learned a lot during this course, it was simply amazing!! I loved the way Charlie teaches and how he could manage to evaluate our abilities through quizzes and assignments.
Very well put together course. I am not a beginner in Excel, however, I have gleaned useful tips along the way especially in those areas and functions that I hardly use.
This course is excellent and the instructor is wonderful and has a distinctive style of explanation. The course added a lot of information to me as a beginner in Excel
This course is exceptional and fun . Thank you Charlie for your guidance. You are really an excellent instructor . Also Thank you Coursera for such brilliant courses .
Great instructor, (sometimes moves around the screen a bit fast, but I give him a pass!). Learned a lot - thanks so much Charlie!  I'd buy some cookies from you! haha
The course is just amazing and the method that Professor Charlie used to teach Excel is simple, understandable (for a layman in Excel like me), and yet very powerful.
An extremely worthwhile course that stretched me and enabled me to extend my Excel skills considerably. Undoubtedly the best distance learning experience I have had.
This course is very helpful for beginners and all the basics required is covered in this course.The creator of this  course was very helpful as he cleared my doubts.
Excellent course!! Thanks, Mr. CHarlie, you have really taken decent efforts for the development of such a course!! Looking forward to completing the whole series!!
A very well structured and organised course for learning basics of Excel, with a very interactive and helpful mentor. I really enjoyed the quizzes and assignments.
Great course! I thought I knew things about Excel but this proved me wrong. Great way to explain and easy to follow with the files the professor shares every week.
Excellent Course to Learn. The Course Material and Lectures are well defined.Kind RegardsEngr. Saima KhuhroMS (HR)MOHAMMAD ALI JINNAH UNIVERSITYKARACHI, PAKISTAN
Very nicely explained. Every concept has been explained in a simple way . I would recommend to purchase this course and practice along with the excel sheets .
The course was great. I thought I knew Excel, but this course taught me so much more. Just have to keep practicing and remembering the formulas learned.
Charlie is an excellent instructor with great knowledge in Excel. Even a kid can understand what he is explaining. I'm greatful to Charlie and Coursera.
This course is perfect for beginners!! is insightful and informative for everyone ranging from students to people pursuing careers in all walk of life.
Great beginnings. Charlie Nuttelman is definitely an amazing instructor and therefore I'm further enrolling for more courses. Thank you Coursera
This is indeed such a beeautiful course for beginners. My sincere gratitude to Prof. Nuttleman, who took me through it effortlessly.
I really thoroughly enjoyed this module for someone that does not have much basic excel knowledge. I am looking forward to part 2.
Quite a challenge quiz and assignments in this course but FUN! You will learn a lot even though you know something about Excel.
Very helpful for future use,I learn so many things so i was not aware, thanks to coursera and team for arrangeing such program.
it was a really nice course, made me fall in love with excel. Now I wanna advance into learning more about the office tool .
Comprehensive. The assignments will throw curve balls, but so will life. Valuable skill sets taught clearly and concisely.
It was an amazing course. The course instructor was very friendly. He made the course very interesting and also exciting.
Excellent course, highly recommended. It gives you examples of very useful applications in real life, 100% recommended
Very nice! I was challenged to frustration but persisted and oila! it felt great to correctly finish the assignments.
I like this course, the assignments were very hard to complete but at the end I felt that I learnt a lot. Thank you
Really. The course is just awesome. I am going for Part 2I would like to recommend this course to all of my friends
Excellent instruction, great for an overview of important Excel features that may be needed on a day-to-day basis.
Thank You for this introductory course of the most used program in computer, The Excel spreadsheet. EXCEL-lent!
Great course. Clear and objective teacher. I learned a lot and I'll definitely use it in my professional life.
I have enjoyed a lot throughout the whole course,Its really fun and Iam very much interested in taking  part 2
I learn many useful functions in Excel especially VLOOKUP, this helps me so much in my daily work. Thank you.
Instructor is clear, and knowledgeable. Videos are short and to the point. I enjoyed it and learnt a lot.
Difficult course, but I learned a lot. I guess "Everyday excel" is not the proper name for the course.
My favourite course indeed, it was so nicely taught and quizes and assignments were so fine and just.
It is was an excellent course and I was able to learn a lot throughout it. Thank you so much, sir.
It was very helpful but the quizzes and assignments were a bit difficult...Thanks for everything.
Thanks Dr. Charlie! I learn a lot from learning materials, quizzes, and super tricky assignments!
Very Good course. Recommended for every college student irrespective of which subject you study.
Great Course.  Each day I learned /relearned information on how to use Excel more efficiently.
Really Amazed by the use which is shown in due course of time. EXCEL-lent! teaching skiils.
A great course to learn about excel basics,excel functions,calculations and visualizations.
It's a very good and has learned a lot from it will hope to learn more like this in future
Really informative and helpful for beginners. Charlie has done a great job as a teacher.
Excellent course, well explained and a very unique way of evaluating, had fun. Thanks!
Great Course! I've learn and review a lot on this Course. Great instructor. Thanks!
Good course material with interactive and engaging videos. Interesting assignments.
Excellent Teaching and Assignments are really testing our skills. Thanks a lot !!!
The content and the manner of teaching is exceptinal, never seen a better teacher
a great course,a comprehensive one,will definitely reccomend to take this course
Very challenging in a great way. I will most likely take his other excel courses
Loved your Challenging assignments.I was on my toes if i failed to complete any
I loved the course. It showed me everything I need to know to work with Excel.
This is the excellent course I've taken up so far!Thank you so much Charlie!!!
That's an awesome course. Thanks coursera & mentor of this program, Charlie.
The course was very helpful. Charlie explained everything very thoroughly.
Teacher explains really well. I like that he speeks slowly and clearly.
awesome i learned all the basic stuff to manage properly this program
Excellent !!!  Liked Quiz & assignments.Good way of teaching..thanks
It very nice I am enjoined a lot and learned so many things in part1
Very helpful and informative specially in knowing more about Excel!
I had really great experience with this course, thank u mr.charlie
Thank you Charlie, it was a challenge, but worth totally worth it.
Great course! Easy to understand and provides very useful tools
I came to know doing amazing things in EXCEL from this course
Provides valuable and expected basic information about excel.
You are an excellent teacher. Please continue to do that :))
Great course for anyone who wants to know more about Excel
Excellent and a must have course for all excel users.....
It was really helpful, I learned a lot through this book.
Really useful exercise which consolidates your learning.
It is a good course for learning basics of Excel skill.
nice experience , enjoyed this course and learned a lot
Informative and the discussion is easy to understand.
course is explained in very detail. No problem faced.
Very nicely prepared training sessions and contents..
The Course is Excellent I learned  a lot in the EXCEL
Learned a lot about excel over the five-week period.
Excellent! I've learned a lot! Thank you very much!
it was really fun to catch with instructor Charlie!
A great and easy course. Very  helpful instructor.
This course helps me a lot with basic excel skills
loved it, will definitely do the other courses
good , you learn a loot of new tricks in excel
Amazing course and essential skill to keep
REALLY great way to get deeper into Excel!
Well done course.  Very helpful.  Thanks.
Amazing course I have ever seen on excel.
Excellent course for learning from basic
excellent teaching and great experience.
Good start up course to master MS Excel!
Excellent. Lots of factors get to learn
It's a very good course for begginers
Thanks to Coursera and the Professor.
EXCELLENT COURSE AND ITS DELIVERY AND
Excellent Teaching By Charlie Sir.
awesome and nicely arranged slides
Good course to learn basic Excel.
Very helpful lectures and quizzes
EXCEL-lent course! Thanks a lot!
Great!! Learning a t of skills.
I suffered but I learnt a lot.
Best e-study learning course
Wonderful course. Thank you.
Very good and useful content
It was an intreasting course
I really enjoy this course!!
simple and straight forward!
Fantastic, in depth course!
Very good for the beginners
Very good course and useful
Nice, he explains very well
This is really Excel-lent!
It is great & very helpful
awesome course in couresa
Very easy to understand!
Well constructed course.
A very good instructor.
Very Effective Course.
Amazing and enjoyable
Really well taught.
Loved the learning
Amazing Learning
Loved it.
