The reason we choose online course is the simplicity  of learning and expecting to have online instructors. however this course is full of text to read which is time consuming for us who are slow readers.if you have challenge with time this course is not a right choice
It's 100% reading articles
The course content is ok, but the quality of the videos are very poor, with bad audio (no microphone), bad colors and sometimes the teacher refers to slides that are not shown. Compared to the amazing quality of the Trade Desk section but even to other Coursera courses, it is really really bad.
I enjoy the course even though it required reading a lot but in the end it worth doing.
the course content was good.  I struggled with the optional submission for reviews and the peer-review process (in terms of the quality of responses required), but would highly recommend it for anyone wanting to understand the marketplace.
Excellent introductory course. weeks 1-5 are definite eye openers about the industry. I have to say that week 6 was anticlimactic , though i understand the design of the course is adding value to the student.
Great lessons here ~ will be more perfect if there is more of examples by images, video and etc. because for some people that really have a zero of marketing world will quite difficult to understand it.
An excellent overview of all the aspects of digital advertising for people outside the industry and even people IN the industry (ahem), covering display/video, social, mobile and search advertising.
Very insightful and great as a first course of specialization, however the Programmatic part was a bit convoluted and I had trouble understanding half of the material about Programmatic.
I really enjoyed this course. The material was digestible and clear to understand. I only request that there be more information leading up to the trade desk module.
Content is good, but the audio quality could be better and in several videos the slides appeared out of order or were not shown at all
Great refresher, though I felt that the peer review could include an option to add feedback on the topics.
very nice and informative. Mostly through study materials, not much of videos are there
It was easy to learn every pace and gladly broaden my knowledge
Really great content and course materials.
The course is indeed an eye opener
The course was amazing and I learned so much about programmatic advertising. Just remember, it says the discussions are not optional during the weeks, but you need to take one discussion from each week, to complete in the end for marks. I think a lot of people misunderstood that part. Might help to be more clearer for those people. I understood it, and just found it odd that a lot of others didn't understand it. In this course, you need to also apply yourself and do some research on keywords and brands. You won't get by by just -rewriting- the same content that was taught during the module, and then submit it in the end. If you are here to learn, take it seriously.
I found this to be an exceptionally good course full of good learning for the beginner, but also as an update for those with some experience.  As a foundational unit for digital marketing I have not found better anywhere to this point.  The module on programmatic advertising was a very useful introduction to an up and coming area of interest, a window into the future with a clear pathway through to further learning.  In addition the course managers appear to update the course with contemporary material to ensure relevance and accuracy - a key feature for me.  Thanks for all the effort - good luck for the future.
I highly recommend this course. If you are planning on taking advertising courses, you cannot skip this course.The Introduction to the Digital Advertising Landscape course will bring you the essential background knowledge in the Advertising Marketing industry so that you can master the advertising tools in the future. The lectures are easy to understand, the videos are straight-forward and I have not had any difficulty studying this course.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course as it gave in-depth insight into the basics of the digital landscape. I would have preferred if there was greater information and hands-on activities with regards to programmatic advertising eg learning how to participate in an auction and what system are used.I also believe that this information is relevant across all businesses and not focused on small business in particular
I only knew some basics on Digital Advertising, was looking for some courses on Advertising and I got this wonderful course and  I was sure that taking this course will help me in Advertising. So this was the course which I have been looking for. It's great!!!.
I think being more clear on the fact that the discussions are key to finishing the course would be helpful. I had to go back through and respond to the questions. :)
Gained very significant insight to the world of social media marketing and it's future. Looking forward to gaining an in-dept analysis for the same.
This course really gave me an informative and in-depth (with different sources) introduction to the digital advertising landscape
Very good introduction, it´s not an easy course instead is what a marketing profesional have to know about digital advertising.
this course was absolutely wonderful. i have learned so much about digital marketing landscape and how it works.
Excellent course. I was able to learn a lot. I will definitely continue with the next course.
I totally enjoyed taking this specialization! It was very informative and interesting.
Very interesting course. it gives you a good introduction to digital advertising.
Very helpful and is actually a great way to learn something new sitting at home.
Excelent course, a great explanation of the basic digital advertising world.
perfect for people who are looking digital advertising form the starting.
Very convenient and really useful  course. Gave me alot of knowledge.
Great course for basics of programmatic, video, search, social media
This course was helpful to me to gain skills in digital marketing
it was very insightful for me as advertising lecturer
Great Course , Helped me expanding my knowledge
Great Introduction to Digital Advertising
thank's for all Coursera and trade desk
