THIS IS NOT FOR BEGINNERS! Do not take this course until you have at least an intermediate understanding of biochemistry.
Information is good; the instructor is of course knowledgeable. However, the instructor's teaching style is inadequate. He is dryly reading from a teleprompter without much skill. He speaks in a monotone. And worse, his script is formal without enlivening as if he is reading from a textbook. Again, the information is solid. But for this medium, it's woefully not ready for prime time. I had rather read a textbook than listen to someone lifelessly read one to me.
The course is good, videos are interesting and I liked prof. Mazzeo. But the grading system is definitely stupid, it is not worth to buy the certificate, cause you're not even sure you can get it, even if you work well and do everything right.
expired course without even informing ..atleast reminder set should be there
I want to unenroll this course I enrolled by mistake.
The course is well structured but at some point it gets very repetitive and it feels it put more stress on certain activities like endurance training. Beside that, I really didn't like that I couldn't take the tests to check my understanding without purchasing the course. Either It should be noted at the begging of the course that my options are limited or it should be allowed me to test my self even if I don't what to buy the course.
No option to show course is completed without certificate unless upgrade is made
I'll give you a synopsis:Exercise is important for healing with all sorts of problems. There you go. :DIn short - a bit too simplistic for practitioners and a bit too medically based for regular folk.
The course is enjoyable and full of important information in sports science, but it lacks a lot of adjustments in terms of scientific addition of tips for the best muscle exercises and how to use it, which is the subject matter and also the subject of the final evaluation by the trainees and the delay in issuing the certificate for the lack of trainees for this course and thanks to everyone who contributed to this course  Interesting, and I wish you the best of luck
Delivery was quite static, but the visualisations were good. The content was clearly delivered, but certain terms and concepts need to be explained before they are put into context. Even with the reading, it was a struggle to keep up with all these new terms and ideas when they are delivered in a way that would only make immediate sense to someone with a background in the field.
This was a good course, but some of the links were out of date, and some of the activities were impractical (i.e. requiring data from a blood test). For example, the USDA Supertracker no longer works. The lectures were interesting and informative. The suggested readings took many hours and the suggested time for those activities was vastly underestimated. On top of that, there was no reference to the readings anywhere else in the course.
Course content was very informative. However, to be made to pay £39 to be able to do the course then at the end have peers grade your assignment you then have to do 3 yourself for a non credited certificate is a bit disappointing especially when I was able to do one previously including all tests without being made to pay.
Nice basic course on fitness, it explains all a beginner should know. One negative aspect is that slides are not made available as pdf
Online courses are supposed to be creative! However, this one is not! #boring
Very insightful and interesting, but could have been executed better with better use of images and graphs that animate to show what is being explained instead of just having static images with a lot of information to take in, especially when the info is quite technical.
Awesome course! very satisfying.  One critique is the outdated nutritional information (ie american food guide pyramid)  It would be nice to see the aknowledgment of new research in the areas of nutrition (ie saturated fats don't cause heart disease and cholesterol isn't a bad thing)
This course would have received 5 stars from me, but I did not like the whole Peer Review part. I do not think it is fair to have us grade each other's work. I felt uncomfortable doing so as I think everyone learns differently and I did paid for the course so I am serious to learn it. I also think that everyone thinks differently to grade others. Their opinion is not necessarily the correct one. The Rubric should be known BEFORE we submit our assignment and should be graded by an instructor or not at all.
(+ves)Video material and presentation was good. Content was just right.Schedule for course was reasonable.(-ves)Video vs transcript errors were seen. Couple of exercise questions also seemed to be incorrect. Some mistakes are not as critical as others for e.g. "fast" instead of "fats" vs. "anaerobic" instead of "aerobic"Support from the instructors/moderators was minimal. Very less to nil interactive sessions with the course moderators/instructor. Some terms used in the videos had to be referred outside of Coursera for better clarity.Final assignment is a big concern. Am not happy with the methodology of evaluatiing as I found atleast 2 people plagiarising. Am not sure how many peers would recognise this. What if one of the peer reviewer has plagiarised?
I learned a lot from this course! One star has been taken off because the grading rubric for the final assignment was not properly communicated prior to submission and some of the nutrition facts are outdated. That said, I found this course to be challenging in a good way!
It was not as in-depth as I hoped it would be, but I still learned a lot about how the endocrine, respiratory, cardiovascular and metabolic systems work together during one-time and regular exercise. Very interesting!
It was great information and I have learned a lot about the science of exercising. It has helping personally due to I am high risk with diabetes, high blood pressure and sometimes by weight changes. So I am grateful that I took this class since it is going to help me with my own aerobic training for myself.The reason I don't give it a 5 star. I was not impress of the lack of information on the last assignment. It was confusing and frustrated about the instruction. It needs to be more clear of what it want and not have to guess. Ex: There was no font required or if you needed it, if it wanted resources, format references it just made hard for you to know what was expected beside using Module 1-3 and VO2max. It was all over the place especially when I had to grade my peer's assignment. As well, it was not clear in the syllabus as well. As I graded my classmate there was different format, hard to find the information, font size was different, maximum word allowed some students only did 179 words. It can improve by providing these instruction either in the syllabus or in the assignment. It will help to keep a structure as well.  Beside that I loved the class.
Dr. Robert Mazzeo was excellent in his precise and data driven lectures. The base content that went IN is possibly very good for a 4 week course but while empirical data is proof for many scenarios, it would've helped if there was material that also said - here are some use cases where the given data may or may not be most representative. For example, when we talk about the intersection where burning fat goes down and the body starts seeking carbs, am guessing that the point of intersection could vary for people across different physical and physiological capabilities and ideally there could've been a small band - between say 40 and 70% of VO2 max - that could've been called out as a reference band.
This is really an outstanding course for anyone. It will inform you and shuld motivate you to start or continue exercising/physical activity. Mazzeo explains clearly and precisely if somewhat rapidly and provides ample proof of better health though exercise. If he published a book I would certainly consider purchasing it.This course touches on all areas, from optimizing exercise itself, to how this can have such a positive impact on things like aging and disease...I would have given a 5 star but as I audited this course and did not pay for an unnecessary certificate I could not get quiz results unlike almost all other MOOCs I have taken.
Good afternoon! Amazing training course! very thorough and complete information related the most important key concepts and principles for exercise training and athletic fitness, explanations where deep and broad understanding of the multiple biological systems in play were acquired, I thank a lot the whole team of experts creating this amazing training course, as well as the many other students who kindly shared their essays explaining their own understanding of the key concepts from multiple different points of view which turned out to be very instructive and interesting as well
I liked the course a lot and I learned a lot. I wish there were more handouts related to the information in the lectures so I had it in written form (like an outline of what was covered, etc.). My biggest issue was the final assignment; the instructions said to include a bunch of things, but the grading rubric only asked for some of that info in more detail than maybe one would've thought. Maybe either have a bigger rubric that covers more or have the instructions be more specific about how much detail you want and forget about the parts you don't grade. Just a thought.
This course was more detailed than I anticipated.   I learned lots about cellular changes and the interaction of other body systems during exercise.  I would have liked to go back and review some of the lectures more than once.  I just wasn't sure how to go back.  Thanks for offering the course for free.  I enjoy learning and applying new things now that I'm retired but I have little money to pay for college classes.  I am trying to improve my fitness and this class has helped me put together a program for my own fitness improvement.
This was a very thorough course and allows someone with zero understanding to gain knowledge into the world of exercise. What needs for this to receive a 5 star? course is called science of exercise- perhaps a full module dedicated to different kinds of exercise and their effects on body and a deep dive in rep ranges and how to maximize muscle growth or fat loss instead of 7 min video. Thank you prof- your explanations were straight forward.
An excellent course that truly reveals the biochemical and physiological mechanisms and adaptations your body goes through when training. In addition you learn about the role of the cardiovascular, respiratory and endocrine systems in supporting the body’s response and adaptations due to exercise. Finally it discusses the various health benefits of exercise and dangers of using performance enhancers.
This was a really good course, but the majority of videos are in english with no subtitles in spanish and that makes a little bot hard to understand the part of fisiology. On the other hand maybe it would be easier if you have some kwnoledge in medicine. It was very interesting I really like the part that explain all the benefits that exercise have in our body and its influence in so many diseases.
The description for the course says "Beginner" but this is DEFINITELY not beginner material (it is much more advanced). It also says course length is 10 hours. NOT if you have to write the essay at the end, it can be much longer. But the course is packed with higher level concepts and facts! Great course if you really want to understand exercise, physiology, health, etc., on a higher level.
I enjoyed this course. It was much more comprehensive and well designed than previous courses I have followed pertaining to exercise science. I really liked how there were questions asked throughout the videos that helped monitor your understanding of the content and this was good for prompting me to revise a lecture efficiently if I felt unprepared to answer the questions.
This course is highly informative, but in my opinion, too many irrelevant statistics were presented which you forget very fast. Also, I didn't like the final assignment at all... 1000 words from basically just one topic from the whole course. That is too much for someone who is not proficient in this field. Other than that it was very good, and I learnt a lot.
fascinating course. I learned a lot! Although, it would've been more fulfilling if they talked about exercise programs for different  of body types i.e. meso-ectomorphic and so on. Such body types need more military style, "boot camp" exercises where the entire body has to work  all at once and the body is seen as one big muscle. Just saying.
I believe this course was very good and I did learn a lot. However, I did have to search for some terms and explanations in other sites because you definitely had to have some previous knowledge to fully understand. If you haven't taken some sort of biology class or something of the sort, I would recommend searching for an easier course.
I enjoyed this course! I took it to learn more about my body as I am a high-level athlete and I definitely learned a lot about the more subtle features to performance. I would recommend this course to anyone interested in sports, exercise, and biology. The videos could have been more engaging but they were very informative.
Course was very good!  Interesting lectures and reading.  The peer assessment was a bit frustrating.  Information that was clearly included in the assignment was missed by peers resulting in lower grades and need to resubmit.  Need to add an additional reviewer from the university to balance peer assessment.
In reality, deep in my heart, the course should be 5-star rated from everyone who loves this subject. I would like to travel through this course with more of the Nutritional world except food metabolism added. Four stars, also remember 5 stars are not enough for this course. Congrats to Robert Mazzeo!
The course content was excellent. Only improvement would be, the language was too technical to follow, and was a bit dry at times, even though this course was in the area of my interest, I found the videos a bit boring at times. Also, the last few videos about aging, cancer etc were less relevant.
It was a thorough explanation of all the aspects of exercise. Being an endurance athlete, I was able to incorporate most of the concepts taught in this course. It  has helped me immensely in better understanding the nuances of sports, body and overall aspects of  health.
Thank you for this amazing course! It has been very useful and pleasant. I could understand better some dynamics "behind the scenes" of a training program and I learned how being active an affect our health and fitness for real, I don't have to "trust" blindly anymore!
Concepts of how bodily functions are improved by regular physical training, importance of exercise to maintain good health and prevent diseases and several other related ideas were discussed with help of various studies, data and figures.
It is a very very good course that enriches knowledge but the only issue is that sometimes there are people enrolled in the course that has not a real interest and when they check the assignments, they are not objective and serious.
Course was very informative taught by a professor who knew a great amount of knowledge on the topic! The only criticism I have on the course is some modules moved very quickly with little explanation, but overall very good course!
Very good course in overall.From my knowledge and willing to develop: some of the concepts on the biology were not easy to understand, and in the more technical training techniques I would have like to go more into details
Very interesting course and well presented in distinct modules.  While some of the science was a little over my head, it all came together in the end and will be useful in my own personal training.  Thank you!
Skipping all the assessments I quite enjoyed the videos as they gave me some useful information that I can use to enhance my own life as well as aid relatives struggling with weight issues and common diseases.
This course is one of the best i have done before. This course is very informative and the course design is excellent. I will recommend this course to my friends and colleagues. Thanks for this great course.
Loved the course. Do think it was quite hard as non-native English speaker and non exercise scientist to understand all the terms and explanations. But very interesting and educational: would recommend it!
I think something was missed it. For example some ways to calculate TMB in an athletes vs normal people to have more clear idea about how body reacts. But in general its ok course
It is very high level class and not explaining many concepts very clearly. Too much information and terminology is thrown at you in very less time which makes things incoherent
its a very good course , the information is very included .i suggest to make a final exam after complete all weeks for reviewing the student information thank you very much
A great course. Fundamentals were clear and the lecture provided great details about the science of exercise. Sometimes lectures felt monotonous. But Robert sir was great.
it was a bit too technical for me and took me a while to finish (I had to reset deadlines once). Other than that the course is very informative and I learned a lot.
Thank you for this course. In general, everything was good! But there are some mistakes in subtitles and a little outdated statistic,.I like all quizes and tasks!
It completely changed the way I persevere exercise and training, aslo, explained many tools and techniques used by athletes to improve their  performance
The content of the course is fantastic, though I think is not ok that some of the material is blocked and available only if you purchase the certificate.
The content of the course is good but the quizzes are not covering all the topics of discussion but overall the course is fine to understand the basics.
The course is very useful for beginners initiating their studies in the field of Exercise Science. Great introductory content on exercise physiology.
My final assignment was given zero as my peer didn't assess it properly hence I was forced to resubmit and recheck it which delayed the final result
I loved the course. The explanation is very precise and not overwhelming.This will definitely improve your knowledge about exercise by huge margin.
Really good introduction to the science of exercise I learned loads and provides lots of additional readings and resources, really enjoyed it.
I liked the course. I play sport everyday thus learning the mechanisms behind endurance and strength training was enjoyable and interesting.
This abbreviated course reviewed basic physiology and principles relevant to exercise.  It was a great introduction to frame further study.
its well and good to know the things in life, what is to do and what is not. it gives a broad explanations and well explained teaching...
It was really a good course! the efforts taken by Dr.Mazzeo were really good and the exercises after each module made things very clear!
Very informative. Scientific explanations were really good. Would've been better if it had more information on training.
Course assumes some basic biology knowledge. However, it was very structured and beneficial in terms of practicality.
Well planned out course, covering useful information to give an outline of the mechanism and importance of exercise.
Good material, but the presentation is not that great. Somewhat monotonic voice just reading text from the screen.
I liked that the basics were covered quite well. I would love to join if there's an advanced course as well.
Very informative and practical course. Great use of research and practical examples to illustrate content.
the only thing i would like to add is that they could add a better nutrition part everything else is good
Detailed notes for the same if provided would be much useful in further propagation of the knowledge.
Very informative. I bit over my head at times. But that kept it from getting boring. I learned a lot
Course was well arranged and mostly easy. I wish there were varied instructors and more graphics.
this course is very helpful for those who are very keen to know about fitness and other aspects
It was truly an experience wonderful one and very much to do with this skill thanks Dr. Mazzeo
Great course, cover the basics with a lot of information, and great teaching and materials.
Great information for personal use as well as possibly starting to develop a second career.
It was awesome experience to learn online with coursera. I just loved studying in coursera
i like the way of teaching to understand that how regular exercise improves our health.
difficult for beginners to understand in the beginning but well created and explained.
Great material. Though maybe a bit short? I'd wish to cover more (the speed is great!)
Thank you so much for the course. It was well delivered. Learned some useful things.
This course helped me a lot to study about science that hidden in the exercises.
Great course! I think it could improve if the quizes were had deeper content.
Vey good course I highly recommend it to anyone interested in Medicine.
very well instructed. the quiz was good. and the final was a challenge.
Very good coursework with many exercise aspects covered concisely.
Quite technical and complex material for a non-biology background
A lots of thank you coursera for my certificate. I am very happy.
The course was highly interesting and educativeThank you so much
Good, basic materials for students in sports&exercise science.
Interesting material with assignments to support the learning
very much informative and effective in weight loss programs.
Very good training for intermediate to advanced students
It was an amazing journey. Thanks Mr. Robert Mazzeo.
Excellent course, very well taught and constructed.
I've really enjoyed this course and learned a lot.
Good content, but videos could be more engaging.
Great course for people into physical fitness.
I could learn a lot, and i really enjoyed it!
Great course to enter in the fitness industry
Unable to cancel subscription please help
Enjoyed the course got lot of information
Very explanatory and easy to understand.
Pretty amazing, valuable and interesting
Very interested  and informative season
Perfect for NewBie and best For Revison
Informative, relevant and actionable
Scientific Approach to Exercise.
Very nicely explained course.
I really like it. Thank you!
Final essay hard on Week 4
that is very great
Good for health
Really Good
IT IS GOOD.
It was an excellent experience and I have learned a lot. It helped me to understand my body even better, especially since I am regularly exercising as well. I can highly recommend it.
I found this course to be very enjoyable and interesting. I was into fitness prior joining this course, I found it really helpful to learn the mechanisms behind endurance and strength training.
A very good course for all students of any age. The knowledge of exercise will help in daily life. Moreover to remain fit exercise and its advantages are explained in easy and suitable manner.
It is a great course that will summarize information about exercise, physiological systems, metabolism and adaptations after training. Excellent video lectures and articles recommended.
This course was very informative and had a good approach. The course design kept me motivated through out the time to complete it. I am thankful to Dr. Robert Mazzeo for providing a wonderful course.
This course is very well designed. It provides lots of information and always scientifically proven. I would recommend it to anybody who wants to go deep into the science of exercise.
I'm a nutricionist from Chile. Always felt like something was missing in my carreer because we were lacking more accurate information about exercise and its use in therapy. Also, this teacher completely knows whta he is doing. He knows what to teach and how to do it, teaching really actualized information.Thank you so much fr allowing me this oportunity to learn from him!
This is an excellent course for all people, not just for those involved in exercise. Don't be put off by the science, there is much basic knowledge on muscle type, nutrition, endurance/ intense exercise and health benefits that you can learn. This will be of great benefit to all ages especially those in middle age who see themselves as beyond exercise. As a retired person I have learned many things from the course that are making me change my lifestyle habits and beginning to feel better for it.
Lectures are very informative , really good for the knowledge at basic level. Thank you Professor for such a wonderful course. Highly recommended.
Very informational and well explained. Deep understandings for me as a yoga practicionar
The teacher is very clear and the course very structured.
Essential course that should be mandatory for everyone (along with the Learning how to Learn course).Exercise is good for our brain and also greatly contributes to overall health and lifespan.  First World problem is that we live a sedentary lifestyle...Key takeaways: -while
it takes about 8 weeks to fully adapt your body to training programs, the
effects are reversed within 6 weeks by inactivity which results in return to
baseline-if you'd like to loose fat do aerobic (endurance activities ~ exercise 10min or longer) because: doing sprints can lead to injury when not properly trained or warmed up; and more importantly you'll be burning blood glucose, creatine Phosphate and ATP only.. but no fat will be utilized.-our body stores 5x as much fat as CHO (carbohydrates)-VO2 max is the body’s ability to use oxygen; it indicates how well it is being utilized [ml/kg/min]-Increasing VO2max also reduces the daily
workload for the heart.TLDR: You really should find an exercise that you enjoy and will do regularly; or at least commute to work by bike or walking...
The Science of Exercise was explained in a very intuitive and easy way that was easily understandable.I really liked the quiz section as it also helped in a way of summarizing the whole module.
A very well structured and informative course. The videos are sort and cover relevant topics with schematics and graphics that are easy to understand. Assignments are well rounded. Key concepts related to exercise, weight loss, muscle toning and metabolism have been effectively explained. I have studied physiology and Nutrition, and I am now a certified Yoga teach and personal trainer. This course beautifully augments my skill set and is relevant to my field.Overall an excellent course and would recommend this to other people.
I found it challenging but thoroughly enjoyed gaining a deeper insight to the science of exercise.  I think a few more examples would allow for deeper understanding.  Highly recommend this course. Thank you.
Overall a great class. I would have preferred to have more contact with the professor to discuss more critical thinking and questions that came up for me as the course went on. I was able to review the literature that was provided, but it seems that it would be beneficial to have more of a connection with the teacher involved. This may not be possible given the way Coursera is designed and what we are paying for the course, but I really missed the chance to evaluate these discussions with the teacher.Thanks!Amy
Excellent course for anyone who is serious about sports and weight management. I lost 18kg in one year with so much effort. This course helped to understand what I was doing right and wrong. With the knowledge learnt, I am able to maintain my fitness level with the least effort, thanks to the science behind it. I highly recommend this course to everyone. You won't regret it.
As a layman I found this course to be extremely informative. The material covered had the right depth and breadth for an average person struggling to keep fit. The instruction style was straightforward and engaging. I felt compelled to audit the course twice just to make sure that I assimilated all the content.Definitely 5 star.
Very good course! Reviews everything from a micro to a macro level. I'm a medical student and I love sports and exercise and this course gave me the resources and knowledge to put both my passions together. I will definitely be recommending the course to friends and putting to practice what I learned here.
A really good online course, with all the key points adressed and very easy to understand. Perfect to have a good base and use as a starting point for further studies in this area of sports and health. Highly reccomended.
Phenomenal teaching by professor Mazzeo.I wish all my teachers were as efficient. Learned a lot despite already having an exercise based academic background.This course will help me tremendously for the years to come!
Love everything about this course. Nice module. Professor is really nice. However, I need to learn further about weight training (Pros, cons , etc). Looking forward to attend in weight training class.
Very well informed course. The range of topic covered is brilliant. I enrolled on the course to reinforce prior learning. This is a perfect course for someone looking for a similar outcome
Definitely go for the course. Will help you as an individual to decide for your training programs and nutrition and live a proper lifestyle.
VERY INFORMATIVE AND WELL PRESENTED .FINAL ASSESSMENT  IS A NICE WAY TO REVIEW THE KNOWLEDGE GAIN.
A very interesting and worthy journey, especially for a person like myself, with no real solid background in the science of muscles and skeletal parts of the human body and anatomy. I did the course because I exercise 5 times a week and almost diligently. I wanted to know more about the inner body effects of working out.  When I saw the course on the Coursera catalog, I thought this is the package I was looking for. Yes, there are varieties of short videos, lectures, and writings on the subject easily found on the internet but this course differs in the way it was structured, prepared, and presented that it made it a worthy experience.  Thank you, Coursera.Masoud H Ali
I cannot begin to express my gratitude for all the content that was condensed and clearly explained. I have learnt so much from this course. Thank you Dr. Mazzeo. If you are reading this and you rely on science/facts, please do yourself a favor and enroll. Understanding what happens in my body when I exercise and why it is important that I do so regularly to stay healthy has helped me to stay motivated and continue exercising even on days when I struggled due to the current situation.
I have a pleasure to thank you for this excellent course content that significantly developed my knowledge on the scientific side of exercise.I have previously earned a Certificate for Personal Trainer and taking the Course - Science of Exercise with UC I was aiming to improve my knowledge in these fields. The Science of Exercise Course was beyond my expectations.Thank you very much, and it was a pleasure studying with you.
this course was very comprehensive. It was extremely enjoyable, and the videos and explanations were very well done. I especially liked that the presenter provided evidence of his information from many studies. I would very much recommend it to anyone interested in learning more about the science behind exercise, and why exactly it is so good for you. Doing this course has also motivated me to exercise more often!
This course has been helpful to understand the way our bodies work during exercise and how one can benefit from exercise if they are diagnosed with diseases that are otherwise preventable. I would definitely suggest this course to my colleagues who are studying medicine. It's a quick way to revise your physiology and biochemistry (but of course that doesn't mean you won't need those books!)
Pretty awesome as an introduction, wish there was more detail in the covered biomechanisms & especially the chemistry and more extrapolated concepts rather than the last two weeks being broad ideas about what I would consider as common knowledge. Still loved it, thanks Robert.
I really enjoyed this course and it enhanced my skills regarding the Domain of Exercise and Physiology and most specifically towards my specific domain Doctor of Physical Therapy.I am feeling blessed to have such a transformational journey with such great mentors.
Great course. A must do course for endurance athletes (runners, triathletes, bikers etc). Given the extent of research on female physiology at present, would have been nicer if the course covered impact of female physiology on exercise.
It was very good course to understand how exercise affects our daily life and health. In this particular course so many Lecture about everything that you want to know about health and disease. Professors's explanation was very good
Very informative and practical.  More challenging than I thought but in a good way.  This is information that you can take and immediately apply to your life.  Recommend that everyone but especially couch potatoes take this course.
The topics in all modules well explained and and it was easier to understand. The quiz and the assignments helped to seriously learn the topics.  Congratulations and thanks to the faculty for the fine narration of all the topics.
Excellent course as a whole! Taught very well by Dr. Mazzeo and very interesting to learn about the various physiological and biochemical factors that activate and play significant roles during exercise.
Totally enjoyed this course. It was informative and helped me to understand how my body works so that i can adapt my  training and those in my family so we can live a much better life style. Thank you
Dear Students. This is really informative Course for sports professional for getting true knowledge in sports fields.I suggest that you have to get Science of Excercise knowledge.Abdul Wahid
Course was interesting and well structured. The videos are short and informative. This course changed my personal outlook on exercise. The final assessment instructions were a little vague.
Great lessons, it is easy to understand and you could connect this terms with your diary life and understand different process about the human body in the movement.
I have enjoyed every video and activity of this course, very complete. For those who love sports and would like to focus on understanding it, I truly recommend it!
Very informative and the way everything was explained was amazing. heads up to the instructor for designing such an interesting course. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
This course was exceptional and contained a vast amount of information to assist in understanding different exercise goals from a physiological perspective.
I am so happy that I got to learn so many new things about the body and exercise which has motivated me to be even more fit and spread the word for the same
A great course. Great introduction with a lot of complete information. The only caveat would be that some of the suggested reading is sightly out of date
Terrific course and instructor. Highly recommended to learn more about the fundamentals of exercise. Applicable to athletes and non-athletes alike.
If you want to know how to become a better athlete, this is the right course for you. This course takes science from a different perspective.
I loved this course. It was very informational and I would highly recommend this course to someone in of going in the field of exercise.
I really gained a lot of knowledge here. The MOOC is very focused on only on the science of exercise and I think this is its strength
This was such a great experience to learn online for the first time. The deadlines really do push you to keep up with the studies.
These Course is really amazing, I have learned a lot of things of the human body that will help me to improve my results. Thanks!
Very interesting and useful!!Sometimes i had difficulties to understand but its juts because i am not english native person
It's a really good course, you can learn a lot about how to improve your health through the sport in a well documented way.
What a great insight to exercise and fitness. Had a great learning time. Concepts built, misconceptions removed. Loved it.
Very well made course, professor is very good to explain and keep attention explaining high level topics in easy way.
Such a great course which would help fitness enthusiasts to understand what's really happening inside their body.
Very useful course for Physiotherapist and trainers in sports. Easy understanding and great lectures. Thank you
Great course!! I loved doing the quizzes and listening to the lectures. But, I won't be doing the assignments.
Great course. Clear and structured content with lots of additional reading material and suggested content.
In general, it is a very important course regarding the importance of exercise in our day-to-day life.
Very informative and well organised content flow. I loved the learning process. Glad i took th course.
It's the best course to learn the proper science that takes place in our body during the exercise.
Really Enjoyed in whole course.Gain many knowledge about exercise.Teaching techniques are awesome.
It's a nice course....I have learned many things through this course...it helped me very much...
Excellent professor and content! I really loved going through each lesson of the course.
Very nice classes and informative assignments! All of the four modules are great!
This course was AMAZING.  The instructor did an excellent job with the material
Really like this course. Very easy to understand. Highly Recommended!!
I am a biology teacher so I highly recommend this for biology teachers
Helped me change my exercise training routine to correct form.
Amazing! I really have changed my attitude to exercises!!!
Wonderful Detailed Course. Great Stuff Professor Mazzeo!
Course is very resourceful.  Thanks to our virtual coach
Great rime to learn this amazing and beautiful course.
Hepled me a lot. Thank you for such an opportunity.
İt was perfect. I like this course thank you, prof.
Excellent course. Completely recommended.
in-depth knowledge of exercise science
Very informative course. Enjoyed it.
nice course for gaining knowledge.
Excellent course.  It was fast pa
It's very brief and informative.
Great class....I learned alot!
Great course!Very informative
Absolutely loved the course !
Helpful and so informative.
very useful great course...
Dr.Mazzeo is an excellent instructor,he re emphasizes the most important information you must  retain throughout the entire course. His manner of speaking and hand gestures are also a big plus in his lecturing technique. His frank discussion regarding performance enhancing drugs,especially  anabolics was refreshing in its truthfulness. The module quizzes were challenging,but I particularly liked the course's final essay and rubric-guided peer reviewing,which I've never done before. Both have helped me hone my critical thinking skills. All in all this course was an enjoyable and informative learning experience.                                                                               Many thanks Dr.Mazzeo and Coursera!
I started this course to support my goal of strength training. I am close to my 50th birthday and started noticing the weakness in my lower extremities. I also started graduate school, and noticed my mental capacity getting affected a well. I wanted to be healthier and stronger. This course gave me a deeper understanding of my body's ability to adapt and maximize every effort through exercise, in promoting health with the right amount of exercise and nutrition, preventing diseases and ageing gracefully. Lastly, I was able to restart my deadline and it gave enough time to study the contents over and over, that helped retention.
Although some of the scientific articles presented in the course are now a bit outdated (the most recent are from 2016), most of the knowledge about physiology and metabolism during exercise haven't changed, so the course is still a great opportunity to learn about the major aspects of the science of exercise. Nonetheless it would be great to add the newer evidence of how vegetarian or vegan diets are sufficient for athletes. The videos are well constructed, the graphs shown are most often self-explanatory and there is the help of the video transcripts. I give it a 5/5 grade, I have enjoyed the course a lot.
A challenging but immensely insightful and well taught course.  I am a gerontologist specializing in non medical geriatric care and looking to transition to something more fitness related to older adults.  This course gave me the perfect opportunity to understand basics and to figure out if I want to delve more into this area......I do.  It also gave me a very good overview of what I'm doing wrong in my fitness regimen and how to fix it.  Thank you for this wonderful intro!  I hope to get more notifications about subsequent courses taught by the instructor or by others in this area.
Prof Robert Mazzeo provided an excellent capsule of information on the body adaptation to exercise and the science to explain the adaptations and the benefits that occur due to both endurance and strength training interventions. I wish he had spent another module on the sequencing of exercises, with examples of both endurance and strength trainings that we could use as a take away. For example the course doesnt necessarily explain why we need to warm up before an exercise, how stretching helps post exercise, which muscle types are important to strengthen (like core) etc in detail.
I enjoyed the content. As a physician, I am sure I will be able to use this course so thank you. I just have a concern about the delivery of the lessons. I think it would be also nice to just show the lecture slides with the lecturer discussing it in the background because I had a hard time keeping up with what he was saying (I had to rewind some of the videos to get what he was saying). It is not the speed of his speech. I just like looking at words more than seeing the lecturer in person (not that I have anything against the lecturer). Overall, I really enjoyed this course.
Thank you, Dr Robert Mazzeo.  The course is very well structured, from the energetics of exercise to the physiological aspects and how exercise promote health and reduces risk factors leading to illnesses.  I like the review pause along the videos to check understanding of facts. The quizzes is excellent to check overall understanding of a unit, more so, the feedback after the quizzes Corrects any mistakes made. Overall, it is really a happy learning experience.  My utmost sincerest thanks to Dr Mazzeo and the team for putting up this useful course.
This course was excellent. Very tightly put together, with a high proportion of useful information. My only problem, sometimes complicated charts or infographics are only on screen for a very short time. I felt like I could have gotten more from them if they were included in the notes/transcript under the video. Oh, also the transcripts were very useful, since there was little extraneous info it would have been hard to keep up with manual note-taking. Thanks very much for offering this.
I really enjoyed taking this course, it provided a lot of new and useful information, the questions, tasks and assesments were appropriate and the explanations were easy to follow in my eyes. even though there were some points regarding nutrition which I would not agree upon 100%, all in all, I can say that this course is really useful if you expect to get a generall overview about the mechanisms in the body during exercise and also dive into some research and studies .
I am studying to be a Nutritionist and wanted to add knowledge of Exercise into my training; which is not offered as a class in Nutrition.  This has been a very good addition to my knowledge and I have already been using the knowledge gained in my everyday reference when talking about Nutrition.   However, one take away that was not expected is this course is focused more on the needs of a Coach or for Occupational/Physical Therapist and less for the Nutritionist.
Thank you very much Robert Mazzeo and Coursera for this excellent course, which you are kindly making available at no cost to people around the world!  I look forward to a possible continuation/extension at some point to improve one's practice of endurance as well as strength training for optimal results, maintain fitness as much as possible during periods of injuries, learn more about nutritional guidelines based on the latest research findings, etc.
Dr Robert Mazzeo has created an exceptional course which is enhanced by his  well structured and clear delivery of the content. the end of module quizzes and the final peer group review essay which further improved my understanding. I unhesitatingly recommend this course - and indeed already have done so - to anyone interesting in learning about the Science of Exercise. I hope you enjoy the course as much as I have. And thank you again to Dr Mazzeo.
The course surprised me positively. Although I already had a coherent knowledge, I could benefit extremely much. I would like to send a huge compliment to the course author. In addition to extreme expertise, I was enthusiastic about his way of communicating, his presentations and the understandable nature of his explanation, although my English knowledge is not too good, I could follow the course. This clearly speaks for the course in my view!
The course is a great intro to physiology with a heavy bent toward exercise.  Four weeks is a nice intro and sets you up for some of the longer more in depth courses.  The lectures are spot on without a wasted word.  The outside readings support the lectures, but some readings require subscriptions to see - that said, you don't need to have all the readings.  Heavy emphasis on the Fick Equation and endurance training for a better life.
If you need further training, if you've wanted to learn something for a long time, or if you're just constantly in the process. Then you are in coursera! If quality learning is important for you, you are interested in learning from world-renowned universities. Then you in coursera! If you do not have the time or opportunity to attend courses offline, or just in your city you are not interested in courses. Then you in coursera!
This was a great introductory course and greatly broadened my understanding of the physiological mechanisms of exercise, how training adaptations occur, how exercise can be used to prevent and treat many diseases and so on. It's not an overly lengthy course but it still manages to be comprehensive, with brilliant explanations by the course instructor. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who's interested.
In truth I did not "do" the course but watched most of for the information I needed to update for personal health.  I found the lectures well done.  Explanations  done in simple, factual body and chemicals allows this course to be of benefit  to anyone desiring to improve endurance or strength while improving overall health.  In addition myths are dispelled; evidence prevented when myths are not myths.  Well done!
I cannot emphasize enough about how much I enjoyed this course. It was a life changing course for me. I have been a fitness conscious person throughout my life however could not continue exercising regularly enough. After this course not only I will try to do exercise everyday but also inspire my near and dear ones to do the same. A special Thanks to the Professor Mr Robert Mazzeo for designing this course!!
This is an amazing course by The University. I am very grateful that i had attending this course. With the help of this course i am able to learn more and more in this covoid-19 by sitting at home . This course help me to know the body functions more accurately, when we doing the exercises our body perform different functions and by now i know more about that. thank you for this amazing course.
This time, I chose different course as from Professional development & Technology. It was really interesting, little bit hard for me. But now, i am really happy by gaining knowledge as for my own health. After an 4 week determination, It is also really great to see the certificate at the end of the course....Thanks to Coursera & my organization to keep my learnings continue........
This course was very informative and was taught in a well organized fashion. The instructor highlighted the main points at the end of the video through his summary. I would highly recommend that you take this course, even for the every day person. It can help you get in shape. It is also a great course to take if you are a athlete, whether a lifter or cross country runner like me.
This is a very good course. The course covers a lot of ground and 4 weeks is fine for those that can put in 30 minutes a day. A background in biology is useful (but not essential). Those with a knowledge of biology will benefit by reading the supplemental material, which though a little old is still valid today.The supplemental material will help with the peer reviewed assignment.
Lovely! Thanks a lot for this insight into how exercise affects the body. What I particularly enjoyed was the fact that Mr. Mazzeo chose to epmphasize which exact points he was going to focus on without sparing other points which might be interesting / tables, studies, etc. Many thanks and all the best from Germany, may you all stay healthy throughout these difficult times.
Enjoyed the whole session of the course. Very interesting and had a great and an excellent experience and got to learn many unknown things and helped me to understand my body type even better,though i exercise on daily basis. The knowledge of exercise will help in daily life and so I would like to recommend this course to all students those who are reading this review .
The instructor was very informative and in my opinion has a soothing voice so I did not lose interest. The material covered was interesting and I enjoyed doing the assignments to better understand the information. I would recommend taking this course. I learned something new in a matter of a few hours during the Covid-19 pandemic that I can apply to my everyday life.
It was a very well decorated, well organised course.I found it very informative and useful for me.The course was managed very professionally. I'm very hopeful that the knowledge I gained from this course will be very helpful for my research carrier and profession as well as my own life.Thanks everyone related the course and special thanks to   Mr.Robert  Mazzeo,Ph.D
I am a certified personal trainer. This course was a fantastic refresher course. Sometimes reading a textbook can be bland, but this course made the content pretty easy to learn to recall from my test! So glad I enrolled. My only issue is that I couldn't find the final essay rubric until AFTER I submitted the assignment, but I still passed with ease! Thank you!! :)
Straight forward information with lots of figures and examples. It's perfect for anyone who do exercise and want to lose weight or either be more fit. As a runner, it helps me a lot to understand what happens in my body during the run and after it. Highly recommend course, for anyone who do exercises , personal trainers, dietitians and, even health care providers.
Very instructive, I had already some notions of this as I'm curious and quite engaged in "exercise" since the last 15 years or so, but this really helped me put all the ideas together, and I of course learnt a bunch of things. I'd highly recommend it, questions during the videos, quizz & assignments make it more live than many books or online articles I've read.
This is such a well thought and constructed short course on science of exercise. The modules lay a solid foundation for the students to continue study on this subject. My recommendation is as you watch the video and read the modules, also write your own notes on paper. It will really help you memorize more details that will be used for the final assignment.
This course is very useful and knowledgeable.. Through this course we can get a clear idea related to how human body responds to the exercises. How it will help our body. This course will highly encourage everyone to understand the importance of exercise and how it make our body care.. Thank you for providing such a wonderful or special course.. Thank you
ongratulations, I have learned a lot from this Exercise Science course, in these four units now with more knowledge on the physiological bases of strength and resistance training, a great recognition to Professor Robert Mazzeo for his dedication and effort to share his knowledge with us in such a dynamic and summarized way.
Congratulations !!!!!!!!
Loved this course! Professor Robert hits all of the important points in a very understandable and concise way. The whole course is very organized and I never felt lost with the material. However, if you have no background in human biology, you may not grasp all of the information as it's a bit advanced but you'll understand the point of everything.
I really loved the course !Robert Mazzeo, Ph.D did a fantastic job keeping it relatively simple, concise and relevant to all exercise enthusiasts. The 4 modules teach the fundamentals of why and how the body copes with exercise and also debugs many myths surrounding the fitness industry. I hope to see a more advanced course in the future. Cheers !
This course provided very key information that I needed to maintain and improve my ongoing personal health regimen.  The information was very well presented making the somewhat technical components accessible.  The format of Coursera and the presentation skills and expertise of the Instructor made for a very useful learning experience. Thank you
Although I am not that "technically" minded when it comes to the chemical side and definitions of various details of the biology involved it was a well presented and fantastically detailed course that has definitely sparked an interest in the science for me. Was maybe a bit more than for a beginner unless you have some background to this.
In this.. course i learn what is the chemical composition ..&. What's reaction behind the excercise.in body change & those impact on physical & also mental change...by this course i understand without excercise i can't get more enjoyable days formy life..Thanks Coursera..& all lecturer Team who get knowledge of Science of excercise...
Significant amounts of research and public health
data indicate that ,an individual must engage in cardiovascular exercise (run,
walk, swim, bike) etc.  Due to regular physical exercise which increases Cardiac Output
secondary to high Stroke Volume and an increase in Arterio- Venous (AV) Oxygen difference.this course taught me a lot
This course by Dr Robert Mazzeo , was extremely interactive and stimulating. I love how everything was concise as well as conceptual. The assignments were very practical. His approach to teaching clearly reflects his experience in the field. Even the evidence based parts were enlightening. Glad to have been a part of his class.
It s must do course for every physio; S& C's aswell.Thank you for very clear explanationsimple languageGot to understand lots of things thru this course, even after being in this fitness profession for around 16 years, still got to know lots of things,It shows we keep learning, no matter how experienced we areRegardsAfzal Khan
This course was to help me decide what I want to major in when I get to college. Even though it was not the exact major it really helped me zone in on the concepts that I would like to study. The videos were very informing and easy to follow along. The quizzes and readings went right along with what the videos for that module.
Thank you Coursera, University of Colorado and Sir. Coursera is the Best Online Courses in the world. Thank you so Much for giving me the opportunity Thank you, Thank you.  🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹 🌹🌹
I am due to start a personal training and nutrition course later this year, so I was interested to complete some online courses before starting that qualification. This course was super interesting, yet challenging. I really learned a lot from it and believe it will give me a great foundation for my PT and nutrition course.
I had started doing home workout a few years ago and my only source of information was internet. That really helped me but one thing that lacked was the science behind exercise. I sincerely thank Robert Mazzeo, University of Colorado Boulder and Coursera for enhancing my knowledge through this adeptly designed course.
Loving this course. I am genuinely interested in physiology and was looking for such lectures linking "physiology", "exercise", "health" and "nutrition" for more than a year. The competence of the teacher are excellent, he has fluent speech, relevant figures, and provide meaningful case example to make you understand.
Very informative & well structured course. I loved the lectures by Dr Robert Mazzeo, his presentation skill & energy was awesome. Quiz in between lectures, motivate us to concentrate thoroughly. It's in all exercise physiology made simple both for understanding and for exercise prescription to different population.
This is an excellent course and I highly recommend it. Prof. Robert Mazzeo has been excellent. The examples and visuals provided are excellent and convey the point across. Would have liked more information on nutrition included. Also, information on vitamins, minerals, omega-3 and other health supplements
Science of exercise was a very informative course. I personally learned so many things of physical activity and fitness. I would suggest everyone who takes up this course to share the information among near and dear ones and have a determination to maintain a healthy lifestyle through diet and exercise.
The basics of exercise and their effect on our body are explained in a very simple language. Nothing sounds like very difficult concepts or terms. The knowledge imparted has very direct application in our day to day lives. It adds so much more meaning to our efforts towards our health and fitness goals.
I enjoyed this class and learn a lot about exercise and the body. I know how important exercise is for a healthy body and wanted to learn more. Next, I am taking another Coursera class on Exercise science and am grateful to the University of Colorado in Boulder for such an excellent learning exerience.
The course looks summarizes what I've learnt in my Physiology of Exercise subject at University. It's very complete, explaining what exercise actually induces in our bodies and providing useful information for pratictioners. The module 4, which tackles exercise for health improvements, was my favorite.
I enjoyed this course, learned a lot of new facts and it was exactly what I  expected from the course, some of the material is more advanced for someone who doesn't have a background in a health profession but it is still manageable, I felt that this course was very complete so I put a 5 star review.
Probably the best course I have ever been registered on. One must register on this course for significant knowledge of Exercise, Science Of Exercise. The everything you need is fulfilled by this course. For those who are new to online learning I strongly recommend this course to you...! Thank You!
Each lecture was perfect and dragged me even further by adding curiosity and attention to the end. Although I have sufficient knowledge in the field of fitness, I managed to learn some scientific details that will further enhance my professional career. Thank you! I promise you, I'll follow you!
It was an excellent course. The video classes were very pertinent in content,  also the suggested readings were very appropiated to review the core concepts of each module at the light of good evidence. If you are a passionated person of sport sciences I recommend you a lot to take this course.
The course science of exercise was indeed very scientifc and encouraging. Yes I take home the message "Exercise is Medicine". The physiological changes happening in the body during exeervise is very well expalined. It is simple to understand and encourages one to push one self to daily exercise
An excellent course to better understand the impact exercise has on the human body. It helps you add reason when taking exercise. By getting involved in learning, you will have a chance to better the way you breathe, the way you organise your eating and the timing of your exercise. Loved it!
Great course! well explained topics. I did't get some topics that I was initially expecting prior to starting the course like benefits of warm up, cool down, stretching and mobility, recovery etc. But none the less, very informative and a good balance of technical and high level discussions.
I learned a lot about the basic mechanisms of the body that allow us to convert food into energy to create movement, the effects of exercise on the body as it adapts to difficult tasts, and the benefits of an active lifestyle. Great course to get a roundabout the whole subject of exercise.
The information are accurate and scientific-based. Explanation are detailed and accurate. However, I think that the lesson in week 4 can be more detailed on the mechanisms of how some diseases are related to each other. Regardless, the whole course is amazing and I learnt a lot from here.
The course is well structured, the professor is very knowledgeable and easy to understand. I like to follow along with the written form of translation of speech and the verbiage sometimes didn't line up with what the professor stated, as far as, exact words spoken. I recommend the course.
this course has given me in depth knowledge on how to carry out a proper exercise session. the understanding of the difference between an endurance and strength exercise is of utmost importance and one should be aware of the various changes that take place in the body during exercise.
Excellent course that presents the most important basics of exercise and physical training. The videos and the transcripts are available for download which makes it easier for taking notes and extracting the important parts. I am very pleased with this course and highly recommend it.
Had an excellent insight on how each part of the body reacts due to physical activity.  Also one thing is loud and clear, it is never too late to take up fitness and is the best medicine for all physical and mental ailments.  A hearty thanks to the trainer for the holistic approach
This course has been very enriching, there are many topics and useful information, the topics that are seen require more dedication for those who do not have an academic training in medicine or nutrition since there are scientific terms. The syllabus of the course is very good.
Dr. Mazzeo is a fantastic professor and does a great job of thoroughly explaining all relevant information. I learned much more than I expected with this course. Great for anyone interested in the physiology of exercise and how it interacts with the various systems of the body.
Absolutely love it , I am currently a digital advertisers for a digital agency , I love sports specially climbing so I wanted to learn more about my own body, this course surpassed my expectations and now I am seriously consider a shift on profession, or at least dig deeper.
The course was very interesting and value for time spent.  I work reasonably long hours but looked forward to the videos and the reading material.  I am happy to have taken it.  Thank you for the reading material and videos that are not too long, yet capture the essence.
I really appreciate this course. The teacher is clear and very understandable. The concepts are listed and explained from the easiest to the most difficult step. The quizzes allow the students to respect deadlines and all the topics follow a logic way to be presented.
The course is very good and covers many topics about exercise and it's health benefits.It's well structured, contains only the necessary information and it can be easily understandable by anyone that don't have a background on the subject.Excellent job mister Mazzeo!!
This course gave me a lot of insights on how different types of training affect the human body differently, rather, how the body responds to different kinds of training. Gained some knowledge regarding nutrition aspects that is necessary to our body while exercising.
Excellent course. Every individual should learn this things and make themselves fit. Course is the combination of everything nutritional facts, chemical and biological reactions during exercise and what are the benefits of exercise. I enjoyed and learned new things.
After this course, you will gain all the knowledge about execrise phisiology. You will understand from basis what is happening in your body during both rest and training. Its very accessible, i reccommend it to everyone who wants to know more about sport and health.
Excellent course that really shifted my vision of the mechanism of exercise.Sometimes complex schemes could be further explained but apart from this, it was one of my best course on Coursera.Can be done by anyone from a professional physio to a beginner in biology
Very much helpful in understanding the whole science and mechanisms behind exercise and its adaptation. It would even help a common person without life science background to understand the true nature of exercise and help them being healthy and contented in life
Great course!!!! i would only have the final question be a bit clearer on the info they are looking for, cause i found i could have written for day on the subject. Or maybe i didn't get the question well enough. But still really great course. Thanks Dr. Mazzeo
This course was extremely informative. The instructor made the course easy to understand, allowing you to see not just the "Science" of Exercise but the way that the information was delivered, you were able to easily see and understand things practically.
Extremely valuable course. Lectures were also awesome. I can't thank the instructor enough by mere words, his classes were superb, now I have a different understanding of human body! Once again , THANK YOU Sir Robert Mazzeo , Thank you very much. (*-*)
The course was very interesting and informative. It gave me an opportunity to learn many key important adaptations of the body to exercise. The fourth week encouraged me to keep working out and spread the benefits of exercise among family and friends.
Very good course, wonderful classes, very competent teacher, simple and complete explanations.
I learned a lot from this course and reviewed several important concepts.
I was very pleased to do, complete and learn.
It really exceeded my expectations.
Its a phenomenal course with great content. I would suggest this course to anyone who wishes to work in health and exercise field. The course provides you with practically useful information, through lectures, reading material and discussion forum.
fantastic course! Really helps understand what goes behind planning a fitness training program and a diet plan! Now we know the secret behind celebrities cookie-cutter shaped "fit" body! The course covers everything you need to know about Exercise.
Really informative, with a good forum activity, assessments and tests are hard enough. Thanks to all who made this course happen! It's perfect for the general public interested in this topic, as well as for an undergraduate nutritionist or dietist.
A delightful course that contains all so much useful information for understanding and in-depth study. Thank you for a surprisingly comfortable and clear training. Low bow to the teacher and all who participated in the creation of these lectures.
This is one of the best courses I've ever had on Coursera. Big picture of how our body is functioning during exercise is great explained, clear and simple. I recommend this course to anyone who is keen to understand basic principles of exercise.
The human body is a very complex organism and it is interesting the learn through scientific facts how does it work while exercising. The course is great in debunking some myths and giving answers. Thank you and looking forward to more courses!
Loved the course. I learned so much from it. The videos where very clear to understand, it was a great way for me to learn so much about this topic. Quizzes and tasks were all very adequate for what they taught us. Excellent course, Thank you!
Excellent course! I really enjoyed learning. The videos are amazing because they are short and contain the essential information for your optimal learning. As well, the reading material is very complete and help to reinforce all the concepts.
It is a great course. A lots of valuable information, however it may be difficult to some extent who has not some basic knowledge about human physical structure and inside the body parts along with energy generation. overall it values a lot.
Thank you so much sir Robert Mazzeo , Ph.D. for giving us the opportunity to be in your course , it is such an honor for me to be in your course and learn new things about fitness and nutrition . I want to thank coursera too for everything .
i love this course because it is very informative..i've learned a lot from this which i can use in my profession..kudos to our professor and to Coursera for offering courses like this..i'm looking forward for another experience of learning..
An interesting course that mixes the technical details from the hormonal to the muscular details, energy pathways, understanding cause of fatigue due to training and overall a motivational course to exercise and encourage others to do so!
This course provides comprehensive knowledge about biochemistry and physiology knowledge that related with exercise. It may be quite hard for people who do not familiar with biochemistry and physiology. But for me, this course is perfect.
This course was very informative and easy to understand, while at the same time very professional and educational in content. The video format, along with the Professor's way of transmitting it's content made the course easy to engage in.
Amazing course! Very informative for everyone. We learned the basics on the whole process of the body, how it responds to exercise; and the importance of having an active lifestyle. Easy to understand and to the point! Very recommended!
This has to be one of the best courses in regard to the info presented. The professor provides the instructions in a clear straightforward manner but the amount of information delivered is impressive. I wish more courses were like this.
Anyone who is serious about their personal exercise/training program will benefit from this course. Note: the course is rigorous, but your professor, Robert Mazzeo, will give you everything you need to know. The course is very thorough.
This course is just execellent. It has everything you need to understand the role of the body in sports and exercise, as well as the importance of nutrition to achieve sports goals and the value of staying active and healthy for life.
Good afternoon, this course was really useful to me since I learned many things that I did not know about the biochemical functioning of our body during exercise and among other aspects related to health and possible harmful factors.
Amazing course -- It helps me a lot to learn about human body and exercise mechanism. I apply the knowledge to myself whenever I workout, and it works. I feel more energized and got muscle. I really appreciate this wonderful course.
The course Science of Exercise is very informative, clear and well explained. The video presentation on each topic is full of information. I really learned a lot .  Thank you University of Colorado Boulder Team, thank you Coursera.
This course gives all the details that helps to understand how body reacts and adapts to work load in form of exercise. It is very helpful for reference for designing workouts and understanding their impact. Thanks for this course.
The course is detailed yet simply presented in such a way that a laymen without a biological or medical background can understand how the cardiovascular, respiratory, endocrine and nervous systems are impacted by physical activity.
Outstanding! All you ever wanted to know about principles of exercise physiology, training adaptations and more! Thank you Dr. Mazzeo, staff and mentors for such a wonderful course!  I hope new students enjoy this as much as I did.
Interesting course, easy for understanding and so helpfull. My favorite subjects are subject on week 3 and 4. After joining this course, I know how much important the exercise for our life, not just for today but also for future.
Starts off with information on biological responses to exercise and ends with real life applications. Highly recommended for for people who plan on creating their own workout plan or in general, people who want to live healthier.
I found this course very intresting and full of new learnings. I'm sure that these lessons will improve my professional and I'll spend my new knowledges to increase the quality of my lifestyle and that of the others!!! THANKS!!
The content and assessments were most efficiently and comprehensively planned for a short term course. Lectures are easy to understand, precise and well organized. It gives you more than a general information about the subject.
Great course. Dr. Mazzeo is a fantastic teacher who makes exercise physiology very accessible and understandable. Lectures frequently contained interesting graphics and charts, as well as references to past and current studies.
A perfect course with plenty of depth and detail. It is explained very clearly in a way that will increase knowledge and will to know more about nutrition and several other performance enhancing techniques. Highly recommended!
Most of the topics and terminology was completely new to me. Yet the course was easy to follow and very immersive. I personally enjoyed it throughout and it certainly helped my understanding on the effects of exercise a lot.
Happy to have taken this course. It gave me a better understanding about the science behind exercise, and how it affects and impacts our daily lives. Also while providing excellent resources, studies and articles for review.
Short and Nice course! Best for beginners and for those who just want proper knowledge of the exercise field. The images and graphs were very useful in completing the course in short duration. Instructor is also very good.
Excelent course. I have learned how works, adapt and response during exercise in a scientific view. I have learned new tips to improve my perfromance. The Mentor are excelent willing to help your questions. I recommend it.
This course was well worth the investment of time and money. All of the content is well thought out and written / spoken in a way that's easy to follow.I recommend this course to anyone who is interested in the human body.
Amazing course! You learn so much and in great detail moving you forward with the knowledge needed for other similar courses! Very easy to use even though online and you can always make notes as you go along! Thank you!
This course is really interesting. I love all the study material and our lecturer. Thank you for being a great help. This added really a great value for my career. Thank you coursera and University of Colorado Boulder.
Communication. Every human interaction begins with communication, but not all communication is verbal. ...Active Listening. People want to be heard and to know that what they're saying is being understood. .well done
Got a bunch of information regarding exercise, really a must do course for all. Thanks alot to the tutor. Knowing the physiological changes occuring during exercise itself is a great motivator to do regular exercise
This course was so useful for me because it explains many key concepts in an easy way. In addition, the references presented are a good source for increasing our knowlege in Science of Exercise. Thank you very much.
High-quality course. Short, to-the-point lessons with just the right amount of information in each, evidence cited for every claim, and an engaging instructor. Enjoyable for students and sports enthusiasts alike.
Loved the course and the structure which enabled you to regularly revise and comprehend the details better through the quizzes, assignments and reviews. We can increase the number of quizzes during the modules.
This course was really cool I was able to learn more about exercises and their adaptations in the body. Therefore, I recommend this course to every trainer, physical educator and everyone who works in sports.
Excellent course to get insights about how the body reacts to exercise. I enjoyed the videos, the links to documents. The concepts are well articulated by the professor and that makes it easy to understand.
It is a very good course. It has a well worked material, explained in didactic way using the best references in Exercise and Sports Sciences. Congratulations to the Coursera and the University of Colorado!
I would recommend this course to anyone who wishes to learn a little bit more about how their body operates when introduce the consistent exercise and how to make small changes to improve their lifestyle.
great course which gives insight of all the basic information about exercise and energy systems and their role in human body and at the end of the course one will be confident about exercise as a medicine
The physiological concepts which discussed here helped me a lot to improve my understanding for what i needed to do and it also helped for my pharmacy counseling as i am studying pharmacy now thanks a lot
It was extremely helpful for me personally as fitness professional and enthusiast. I recommend it to anyone looking to understand health and fitness beyond just practicing a physical training methodology.
Each video has so much value in terms of the amount of information you can get and the clarity of the explanation. Reading materials are helpful support to learning and to confirm claims in the lectures.
An exceptionally great course. I enjoyed every bit of it. Thanks to the  organizers for making these as easy and simple as possible. Now I can live a more healthy lifestyle with the principles learned!
It is a very great course. This course taught me many great things about the human body like how the body responses to exercise and nutrition.  What, when, how we should do exercise and take nutrition.
Absolutely loved your course, Professor Dr Robert your teaching and the course content is amazing, got very good things to know and science of exercise, something i will keep eye on during my training.
This course was very informative and had a good approach. The course design kept me motivated through out the time to complete it. I am thankful to Dr. Robert Mazzeo for providing a wonderful course.
This course was outstanding.  There is so much that I learned that I will be able to apply to my own exercise routine.  The videos were easy to follow and the quizzes tested the material thoroughly.
It was an amazing course. All the aspects of exercise physiology was explained very well, in very simple language. It has given me a better understanding about endurance sports. Thankyou very much.
I truly loved this course as a personal trainer from experience of years im having so much fun in this course and getting to know a lot more about my fieldThank you for putting all of this together
Great course. Easy to follow along. The content is very in depth but it was broken down into easy to understand parts. Love that the content can be downloaded & used as a refresher when needed.
Excellent course, I learned a lot about what happens in our body when exercising and the benefits that come from a training program. A structured course and very well explained by the teacher.
The course is very detailed, it gave some awesome information for me to better be enhanced in my endeavors.  Lots of great information to propel you in your career or for your fitness journey.
It is a fantastic course to understand more precisely the extend and importance of the word exercise, health and acquire motivation as well as to awaken the interest to spread its importance.
This course is great and so detailed to discuss many things that happened in our body during exercise. I can recommend this course for anyone who interested in exercise and science behind it.
Simply amazing course with a great teacher, I would recommend this course to anyone and specially to people interested in fitness and health, we should all take care of the body we live in!
Very informative, I would highly recommend this course to everyone who are interested in exercise and wanna know more about the science behind it.  Dr. Robert Mazzeo is absolute brilliant!
This course was very informative. Worth every second! The presentation of this course was awesome! I am sure it will add value to my sporting career. Looking forward to more such courses!
i influenced by new and fresh information that is help me out to go further in this beautiful filed by sharing the idea which is based on evidence to the other , i'm highly recommended it
Great course to amplify your knowledge aboute exercise and its metabolic pathways, effects of exercise in corporal sistems and the role of exercise in non communicable chronic diseases .
I truly enjoyed the Science of Exercise course. This was a great supplement to my current studies and readings preparing for the NSCA Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist Exam.
Excellent course!It gives us a good overview of everything a person without medical background needs to know about the advantages and disadvantages that exercise can bring to your body.
Love that it involves the biochemistry and physiology of exercise. Learned the importance of an active healthy lifestyle that I can impart with my patients and apply to myself as well.
I really loved this course, it has really good information and it makes it really easy for you to understand difficult concepts and to understand our own body while we are exercising.
It was an excellent experience and I have learned a lot. It helped me to understand my body even better, especially since I am regularly exercising as well. I can highly recommend it.
I really enjoyed this course, it was very educational and very interesting! I learned a great deal and after this I feel encouraged to learn more about exercise and the human body.
This is very good course about exercise and sport science. A must for beginners and for those who all  want to get information about this topic and is interested in sports science
My words will not be enough to describe how the course was efficient and push my knowledge forward so I highly recommend this course for anyone who interested in sports nutrition.
It is really great course, that gives you a basic knowlege about sport physiology. Thanks a lot for education, it was accessible even for person who dont speak English very good.
It was very clear and interesting! Each topics were easy to understand thanks to real life exemples. I'm glad I did the physiology class first tho, it really help with the basics
The course is great.It's easy to understand, the graphs, photos are easy to understand.I recommend to those who want to start to study about sports science or want to review it.
I am a law student who is really into fitness which is why I chose to do this course. It helped me so much and I can't wait to share all this information. Thank you, professor!
Short and sweet course giving an amazing overview of exercise and the science behind it. Could be useful to anyone that want to learn about the science behind healthier living!
great course and so valuable information i hope that professor robert mazzeo make more courses for us so we can learn from his experience in exercise of science more .. thank u
It was Beautiful journey in learn science of excercise. I came to know many new things about our body,. This course helped me to understand more about physiology of excercise.
A great course in general and Excellent for beginners !Very well structured and in my opinion very well presented.Thanks for motivating me enough to learn a totally new thing.
This is a very helpful course.  It explained how important is exercise in every day life and it shows all the scientific support.  I really enjoyed it and I learned a lot.
Excellent course! I am a lawyer, so I had no previous knowledge about this topic, and still I could understand and learn everything.  I am very satisfied with the results.
In my opinion, this course contains very informative modules with an excellent focus; I consider that I have learned enough and I feel capable of taking an advanced level.
Being an athlete I truly enjoyed learning about the mechanisms behind Physical Activity, and now I have knowledge that is worth sharing with people not physically active.
I learnt more in this course than 5 years in university. Easy to understand and really helpful.I would repeat it every time I forget things related to Physiology of Sport
Most practical day to day course I've done ever. This is huge compliment. I'm including even offline course/internet data. Great course. Must do for fitness enthusiast.
Simplifies the concepts to layman level without losing the scientific temperament. All relevant subjects covered comprehensively with supporting scientific references.
It is a best course for me specially because of its flexible design a student can admit in the course and can learn number of things with very deep and specific thing.
Absolutely fantastic course!! A must do for everyone who wants to be in shape and healthy. Really well-taught. I learned a lot and am very grateful for it! Thank you!!
Extremely informative. The language was a issue at first,  but it was easy to adapt it as one goes on with the course.  Had a very good experience.  Highly recommend.
Unfortunately I need to drop the course.  It has been 10 days since I signed up and I am unable to find the "drop course" button as described on the Coursera website.
Very nicely lectured mini-series teaching concepts immediately helpful in choosing my training strategy. I'll be sure to try to influence everyone I know to exercise!
The course is designed so well and gives you a thorough knowledge of how exercise affects the human body. A complete guide to enhance your wit on Science of exercise.
This course went beyond my expectation to be honest, I got more than I would have imagined from the outside, like my mom will always say, "It's better seen than told"
Great course. Prof. Mazzeo  and the University of Boulder Colorado made an excellent job with this course, the information, the structure of the course it is superb!
It's a well structured course and concise. All the basic concepts is outlined with examples and graphs. There's a lot of learning so you'll need time and dedication.
The course was well organized and relatively comprehensive for a 4-week course. Professor Mazzeo was very articulate, knowledgable and I enjoyed his video lectures.
I liked this course, it has a lot of science but is very well explained by the Robert Mazzeo, Ph.D. I learnt how to train better and keep my hobbie despite the age.
I enjoyed this course immensely. Dr. Mazzeo's videos very informative. I learned a lot and hope to continually improve my knowledge of nutrition and the human body.
Is a great course, it has very complete and deep info for you to learn what's needed and more, it has some online outdated tools, but still I recommend this course!
Many thanks for the teacher. The material was very clear and very interesting. I recommend this course to anyone interested in sport and how it affects the body.
Great course, the best one so far of all of the ones I've taken from coursera in relation with exercise and nutrition sections. Very clear, detailed and concise.
I'm very pleased with this course.  It has a human sensitivity to apply the scientific knowledge to daily and practical life. It''s worth what I've paid for it.
Good balance of entertaining presentations with good educational content. Very enjoyable course that has immediately applicable practical information/practices.
It helped me to understand lot of things based on science it really helped me to learn about many things in science . So it is very good experience to obtain .
The class was extremely interesting and well organized. Each section could almost be its own class. I hope more sports related classes are added in the future.
Easy to follow along, with great explanations about the underlying mechanisms at work during exercise. If you ever needed motivation to hit the gym this is it.
Its a simple exercise to ''energize'' yourself! Good insights on the Science behind the benefits... Enjoyed both insights (science) and learning (benefits)!!!
Very helpful to get a general idea of the importance of exercise, nutrition and some basic concepts regarding changes in the body with respect to the workout.
Very well tailored course,with great insight about the various aspects involved in exercise. A very good job by the course instructor...keep up the good work.
Superb course if you are fitness freek and want to know the science behind it. I personally learned a lot and hence recommended this course to my colleagues.
This lesson is very excellent. I learned from it what happens in our bodies when we exercise and the benefits of exercise on our physical and mental health.
This was an interesting and very informative course. I learned a lot about exercise and its many benefits to the body; mentally and physically. Thank you!
a good amount of knowledge in a fairly compact course, I liked it.
I liked to correlate my knowledge in Russian with this knowledge in English. Thank you.
Great course, excellent content, it covers all the basic topics about exercise science, instructor is great, the content is precise and greatly displayed.
I learnt the various mechanisms that happens in the body when we exercise. There is no doubt that this is one of the greatest courses I have ever taken.
It was an awesome experience with this course, learned so many things such as homeostasis and calorimetry. Thanks to coursera and University of Colorado
This course gives us a good explanation of the Science of Exercise, which clarify a lot regarding how our body works and to increase our fitness level.
Dr. Robert Mazzeo has taught this course really well explaining every mechanism in the body with appropriate examples. I'm very happy with the course.
This is very thrilling course I have learned a lot. Its is practical course and to know the science of exercise. Thanks professor Robert Mazzeo, Ph.D.
Well structured and straightforward. I learned and implemented a lot of what I learned from this course in my everyday activities and life in general.
explained a lot about how exercise effects the body and the different benefits that it contributes to the body from going to a sedentary lifestyle to
This course has been wonderful and I enjoyed learning the principals of exercise. Thanks for putting the material together in an approachable manner!
This course was very helpful for me as an athlete. I've enjoyed the complete four weeks and hope I can apply this practically in my life. Thank you!
Simply superb experience in learning through informative well explained videos.Gained a lot of practical knowledge about exercise  from this course.
Excellent presentation.Dr Mazzeo has designed the course in such a way that  all the technical and scientific information seems easy to understand.
Overall wonderful learning throughout the course. The videos and presentation is simple to understand. A detail understanding of subject was great.
one of the best courses when it comes to the amount of knowledge learned, the availability to all levels and the applicability of it in real life.
A well organized course with practical examples and useful information. And to use a quote of the professor: Never too late to start exercising !
This course delivers what it promises which is a good understanding of the most important elements underlying exercise and or physical activity.
It is indeed a fantastic course. I have leaned so many
things in this course that I didn't know about. I would definitely recommend
this course.
I learned a great deal from this course. The course is designed to be engaging which helped me stay focused and better understand the material.
It may be for beginners but i can assure that it will help you create  better patterns in your professional and personal life! highly recommend
I reviewed many clearly taught concepts. Maybe I would like some images to be sharper by adding where they are taken from.
thank you very much
Very comprehensive course, that help me to clarify how our body responds to exercising and its positive consequences. Definitely recommended!
This course make me more understand about exercise and how to improve our health. Thanks to the instructor team and my peers for my learning.
Very useful to deepen the physiology of exercise.
It clarifies and defines very well all the concepts that intervene in this complex process.
The course is great, covering the basics and highlighting the relevance of exercise in every aspect of everyday life and disease. Thank you!
Really interesting, I wish was longer! The only recommendation I would make is to update some of the web links that are no longer activate.
An excellent and thoroughly enjoyable course, with interesting and informative videos/lectures. Can't recommend this course highly enough!
Very easy to understand. Dr. Mazzeo taught the course very clearly and in a practical manner. A lot of good visuals that aids instruction.
Great Course if you are interested in the mechanics of exercise and how the body works. It is intensive should be worked on 7 days a week.
Great course that encompasses biological body responses up to performance enhancing drugs and the benefits of exercise on the body/aging.
This was a fantastic course. Well presented, up to date with the information presented and really gave me an understanding of the course.
I'm not biologist. My career is Sociology. But, I am a volleyball coach, and this information help me a lot in my performance. Thank you.
Great course! Really enjoyed all the learning material and it was really well executed, especially the peer-reviewed assignment! Thanks!
The course was great!  Professor Robert Mazzeo clearly communicated the importance of exercise to the quality of life of the individual.
Facts backed up by reputable studies.Plenty of extra reading resources.information provided at layman's level alongside advanced level.
very interesting and very clear presentation thank you coursera and team for making me further in knowledge and such a valuable lessson
Awesome course! Very informative, gives the details on mechanisms underlying exercise and illnesses, etc. I enjoyed taking this course!
Excellent course! It covered everything I would like to know about the relationship between human physiology and physical activities.
awesome course , it teach me a science that i didn't think it's more important, it conclude a very large content in a simple course.
This course is very useful for me and everyone can learn. The understanding of the body will helping us stay healthy and well-being.
A great course, learned a lot. The knowledge I've gained has opened new windows to the world of science of exercise and physiology.
A super, well structured, short course that starts with the basics and provides many avenues for the inquiring mind to travel down.
i loved it! it was so interesting, more complicate than i thought but with some effort everything is possible, thank you so much!!
Thank you for helping me to learn this amazing course 'Science of Exercise'. I have learned about Nutrition, Health, Fitness, etc.
Very nice course,  nicely explained and it was easily understandable. I enjoyed writing My assignment.  Highly recommended course
Excellent content Excellent setup I found it personally very interesting and useful as a precursor to studying sports medicine.
It was very detailed precisely tailored course. As much as i enjoyed learning it, i loved using it in real time and explaining.
This course was very informative and now a great tool in my toolbox to assist those that come to my Wellness Center.Thank you !
Great material, amazing platform and flexibility to study. Very happy as an overall with the website and the content offered.
Great course! Very informational, very inspiring and suitable for all proficiency levels. Well designed and very well taught!
Very good course, very explanatory classes, tests according to the classes, I loved it. I will continue for the next course.
The content and the delivery are apt, engaging and informative. Good course for anyone interested in the flied of exercise.
Great course. I enjoyed learning through a series of very clear lectures and well selected recommended readings. Thank you.
I learned a lot from this course. The instructor and course are great. Thank you very much to the Instructor and Coursera.
Excellent course covering a complex topic. I learnt a lot and appreciate the presentation of complex in a meaningful way.
informative, learned a lot and the science behind each. starting a new day informative, and with new knowledge to spread.
I love running and this course is very useful for me. I will push up my friends to be more active with regular exercise
amazing course to understand changes and body adaptations during exercise!! Highly recommended for bubbling athletes!!
Very useful information that can be easily applied in everyday training process and make it more effective! Thank you!
Excellent,  there was so much excellent information.  This course has changed the way I approach my physical fitness.
VERY VERY KNOWLEDGE I GOT FORM THIS , BUT IT IS TO MUCH EXPENSIVE FOR ME SO FEEL SORRY THAT I AM NOT ABLE TO BUY IT .
Awesome course! It helped me a lot with exercise physiology knowledge and improved my english as well!! Thanks a lot
Very well taught and really a good course if you want to learn body adaptations in response to exercise. Full Marks.
The didactic way of teaching made the classes pleasant, it was very easy to understand and absorb all the content.
I really enjoyed the course and like the course format! I really want to thank the University of Colorado Boulder!
Awesome so tons of knowledge I got from this course thanks to co- ordinator, university of Colorado and coursera..
Loved the in between quizzes and questions. The teaching off course was wonderful! thank you for this opportunity.
The course is a must for all as it scientifically explained the effects of exercise and the benefits of training.
Great induction into  the theories of exercise and understanding the mental and physiological impact of exercise.
A very helpful course and i enjoyed learning because everything is properly explained and things were made easy.
This course is excellent. It is very complete in terms of biochemistry and physiology. I specially liked week 4.
Very complete course, I loved the quiz during the video! Will very much recommend the course to interested peers
Excellent course, but it would be better if the questions are at the end of the video lectures than in between.
Iinformative and enjoyable,  just as D.Robert mazzoa said. It's a big door to enter exercise Physiology Science
Excellent course . It surely tests your understanding of the topic and makes sure your fundamentals are clear.
This course really helped me to understand the physiology of the athlete and understand the systems in detail.
I found this course very fascinating and learned so much that I can use for further advancement in my career!
Great class that taught me a lot.  It will positively motivate me exercise more and live and healthier life.
it will helps us to stay fit and healthy as well as we will instruct our clints to do right way of exercises
Motivational to start moving more Interesting for a regular person who wants to understand their body better
Excellent course to better understand exercise and the many benefits it has for the body regardless of age.
great learning , thank u for making it free.hope to see more free courses and course % on certificate too.
Very useful course, describes the mechanism of exercise and its benefits.Motivates us to take up exercise
Great presentation by Prof. Robert Mazzeo. Even the beginners in biology can learn this course perfectly.
Very well compiled and at the right level wherein its not too difficult but one still gains new knowledge
A lovely course on science of exercise covering almost every important aspect in brief.thank you so much.
It is a Very great course ,Explain everything very well I am glad that I Chose and finished this course.
I am a physiotherapy student. I learned much from this course.Its also really important for my career ❤️
Wounderful course with good matetials. The tutor explanation is very clear and helpful. Thanks coursera.
Love this class! The set up of this course and the in depth information provided was perfectly executed.
Knowledgeable, and very informative course. Good for all the level of students, professors and lecturers
I enjoyed this course . the course material and they way of dilvering lectures was very good keep it up
It was an amazing course, learned a lot about training adaptations and physical activity on our body !
Really good course with interesting and relevant content. Topics are well explained by the instructor.
Excellent course !! everyone should take it to discover the incredible health benefits of exercise !!
Great source of information! It will make you want to get out and exercise for improving your health!
Insightful, concise yet detailed course on principles and science of exercise.  Five stars definitely
The course clarified me what I didn't know about Exercise Physiology. Brilliant!! Thank you so much.
Great info, well referenced.The assessments could have been a little harder perhaps but overall good
Great course! Everything I wanted to know about the physiology of the exercise I got on this course.
It is a wonderful course. We can know how exet plays a major role in daily physiological activities
Very good introduction for those who seek a broad understanding of the science behind the exercise.
A comprehensive introduction to Exercise Science with some very useful content clearly presented.
Great information, well connected lessons and modules, good in course questions and explanations.
A course that was worth a lot! Well explained and with many interesting works, I highly recommend
This course is very interesting and it is decided in a manner that anyone can understand easily.
Excellent course, I learned technical notions on aspects of physiology that I had never studied.
Excellent course! The material and the videos were easy to understand and interesting to learn.
the course was very informative, it kept me motivated and complete the sessions and the course.
He learned the knowledge of how to take care of my health and lifestyle to have a better future
Great material, clear, concise and valuable.For new and people who want to reinforce concepts.
I love the way the instructor explains each subject and the structure of the course. Good job!
Thanks to the course I got to learn a lot of useful knowledge of the science behind exercises
This course is course is useful for person who are interested in gaining knowledge in fitness
I really love this course, clear explanation, simply use the basic word but understand easily
Good for basic and some advance exercise physiology and training. I can use this knowledge to
Really awesome content and course materials. Well explained by Robert Sir. Thank you so much.
The course has provided me with abundant knowledge of exercise science and it's recommending.
Great introduction for a lay person into what actually happens in the body when you exercise.
This is super course. A lot of very important basics knowledge's that make your training more
Excelent I learned  to much in that course, the teacher can teach so well easy to understand
i enjoyed learning about this subjects ... it is a super course i dont regret the time of it
Amazing, I want to do more, but I dont have money and the dollar is each day more expensive.
Taught me so much. Can't believe my body is doing weird things when I'm lifting up a chair.
Excellent content! The course is structured to suit all levels of difficulty! I enjoyed it!
well structured, excellent speakers, with all the necessary information.Highly recommended.
Its a very intersting course, I learned a lot of things about biochemistry and physiology.
Overall course was designed good with deeper into body metabolism which I liked the most.
good course this course is usefull for colleges or schools sportsand fitness (pt) teacher
I learned a great deal from this course, and I hope it helps me from now on in my career.
This course has helped me understand many aspects of exercise and well being, Thank you.
This is a good course with lots of interesting information about exercise and human body
Good knowledge to know  about exercise and it's inner mechanism  with balanced guidance
Covers the basis knowledge one needs to know about exercise science, highly recommended
Congrats! Very good content. Now I understand more about fitness mechanisms and health.
It was a challange but helped me greatly in the work i do with exercise and nutrition.
Is a amazing course, I liked how they explain complex subjects in a easy way to learn.
Interesting course, especially helpful for people with great passion towards exercise.
The information provided in this course is succinctly and simply presented. Thank you.
One of the best courses I have taken recently, I really got excited and learned a lot.
This courses provides a very in depth introduction on what's happening during exercise
Absolutely loved it!!!! Very informative, intellectual, and outstanding teaching-wise
its really recommended for the beginners who is searching for personal certification.
Great Course. As a student of physiotherapy, this course was very beneficial for me.
As a physical therapist I can say this course has a complete and useful information.
this course was very beneficial for me thanks to coursera and university of colorado
Its a good elaborate course..easy to understand..covering every aspect of physiology
This was an excellent course, full of important and relevant information. Thank you!
such a great course big amount of very important info in short minutes very helpfull
Goes directly to the point. Clear. Easy to learn main concepts. Friendly learning
this was an awesome course who would like to know  behind the scenes of exercise
An excellent course to understand the science behind the importance of exercise.
The course is very well designed and content is explained in nice manner. Thanks
This is one of the best course for the people who are passionate about fitness .
Really interesting course, and a good mix of being challenging and informative.
It's very good course. We can learn about our body psychological understanding.
Great course if you want to understand how exercise affects fitness and health.
Really awesome. Easy to understand the science available behind the exercise.
Excellent course and have helped me in understanding exercises in better way.
Good to learning and adding knowledge to once career as intructor or trainer
Tutor was awesome. Basically course was bit lengthy but It was interesting.
Course is very useful in developing skills - many thanks to those in charge
Concise, relevant and informative.Also, engrossing and enjoyable.Thank you.
This is a great great great course! Very informative and very great design!
A super interesting and complete course that let you understand better what
Excellent course to acquire the bases of the exercise and more. Recommended
Lots of information. I found it very engaging. A great learning experience
I really enjoyed going through this course and I found it very interesting
Great course for learning about the effects of exercises and its benifits
Very informational and well explained course and more practical solutions
Loved this course, please add more online courses in exercise and health.
I learn a lot from this course.As I am studying dpt so it helps me a lot.
I request this course for every one in medical field , it is really great
I learned a lot and I enjoyed watching the videos and doing the quizzes!
it's so useful , I advice any one want to specialize in sport to take it
One of the best and to the point course simply a professional course !!!
I liked this course . It really helped me to enhanced my skills. Thanks
really helped me a lot in daily life and gaining knowledge on exercise
I learned a lot and improved my concepts - Thank you Sir Robert Mazzeo
Excellent content. Very eye-opening and informative. Totally worth it.
It was a wonderful experience. Thank you so much for this knowledge 🙏
A lot of health related information to make use of in your daily life.
great course and great instructor  thanks very much for that knowledge
Congratulations for the course! It was exaclty what I was looking for!
very good course for everyone who want to know body mechanism exercise
The course was very useful and valuable to adapt to one's life style.
Loved this course so much, very informative and I have learnt a lot.
I really enjoyed this course. It was engaging and well-organized. :)
I have learnt so much knowledge about the deep insight of exercises.
well explained and the topics are related with the reality out there
Amazing course, very detailed but worth the work. Fantastic quality.
Lots of practical information provided in an easy to consume format!
Lots of helpful information!  Astig! ( means this rock! in Filipino)
It will help you for the Physical fitness as well as metal fitness.
it is an best platform to study .every body should try atlest once.
Thank you very much I benefited a lot and learned great information
Very interesting and a great review and/or expansion on physiology!
Fantastic course to gain knowledge about the principal of exercise.
Very informative, helped to build the basic knowledge on exercise
I wasn't expecting such an intense course, but I'm glad it was in
AMAZING COURSE FOR BEGINNERS TO LEARN HOW EXERCISE HELPS THE BODY
great learning by this course and platform gain lots of knowledge
Loved it! Thank you for a short sharp but very valuable insight!
Excellent course! Truely engaging and easy to understand course.
Very well structured and good information give it in the course.
Well presented course. The lecturer was enjoyable to learn from.
Helpful, interesting, fundamental in basics of training science.
Creat course pitched at the right level, with clear presentation
i like this course cause its easy to learn and its comprehensive
recommend for everyone. first online class here so great time:)
the course was really interesting and very useful for my career
A lovely course to have a scientific approach towards exercise.
was perfect because I wanted to learn biology during exercise.
Excellent course for all science learners. Highly recommended!
Excellent course for refreshing knowledge on exercise training
As a person who loves to exercise, this is very knowledgeable.
Wonderful experience and knowledge I learned from this course.
Very well defined and a very good course with proper content.
Very qualitative and interesting content! My recommendations!
I loved the course. I totally recommend it. I learned a lot!!
Very thorough, complex topic made easy to grasp, cool present
This course helps to improve my knowledge of exercise a lot.
VERY EDUCATIONAL. MOTIVATING FOR ME TO GET BACK TO MY GYM!!!
Awesome course for who want to start there career in fitness
Very good course with the latest evidence based information.
amazing course i hope there is courses about sport nutrition
Very scientific course. Highly specialised terms were used.
was engaging and fun and at the same time learnt a lot too!
great course, well explained with lot of practical examples
amazing course and an amazing teacher. Thanks for your work
A very good overall explaination of the Science of Exercise
Absolutely informative about exercise and it's advantages.
Excellent course!! I am a med student and it gave me a lot
The course was better then I expected and very informative
Very scientific and interesting information on exercising.
one of the best online courses I have ever seen ,Thank you
Thank you for the detailed lessons and great information!
A very nice course for better understanding of exercise.
It was a very good experience learning about this course
Great course for beginners and for anyone in healthcare!
Absolutely love this course! I learned a lot from this.
Great course with indepth knowledge of exercise science
Very well structured and explained. Highly recommended!
It's a great course. I really enjoy the course. Regards
Excelent course, with great and good explained classes!
Words cannot describe how beneficial this course is!!!
It was the best course I have ever completed. Thankyou
Very informative subject matter and challenging class
Very good course and everyone should go through this.
excellent course, very informative, and enjoyed a lot
An extremly well structured and comprehensive course.
a very useful coursethanks for the great informations
This is something which everyone needs to know about.
Wow! This course actually broaden my knowledge a lot
This course really helped me absorb the information.
The planning and assencement procedure is very good
a great course ,a lot of information and knowledge
Doing this course was such a wonderful experience.
It was quite a good one and I learnt many things.
Informative and scientifically explained course .
Very good course, it was completely and dinamic.
It is an excellent course that it worth so much.
Very informative. Learnt very useful information
Very well explained  the science behind exercise
I like this course. It is a very useful course.
amazing course very good ans easy to understand
Excellently presented and interesting material.
Really nice teacher, time sessions and program!
provide basic knowledge to science of exercise
One of the best course for biology student...
I am pound to learn your course. Many Thanks.
good content , easy to understand and clearly
Short and sweet while being very informative.
Amazing information, loving everything so far
Very effective, interactive and informative.
Awesome course. Concepts are well explained.
It was indeed very informative and helpful.
One of the best fitness course in the world
Learned a lot in this course. Thanks a lot.
Excellent explanation!, easy to understand!
Amazing course, it helped me a lot. Thanks
Congratulations on the magnificent course!
best course for every fitness professional
it was an awesome  and challenging course
It was very interesting and entertaining.
Gain a lot of knowledge about exercising.
Learn a lot from this course , Thank you.
Many usefull and interesting information!
very informative and well laid out course
It was a high quality course. Thank you.
it is an owesome course ,i enjoyed a lot
very nice course, i learn every activity
Excellent Course. I highly recommend it.
Best course ever.Thank you team Coursera
Amazing course for fitness enthusiasts.
Absolutely loved it. Highly recommended
Greatfully help in our life..Thank you
Very comprehensive coverage of topics.
This course was useful and functional.
Excellent course! Tons of information.
Fantastic teachers and course content.
It is very well planned and executed.
very informative and nice easy course
Very useful and very well explained!
Awesome course, I really enjoyed it.
Great Course and very well explained
Excellent course. Thank you so much.
Very helpful and enriches knowledge.
Best course I have take on Coursera.
very informational course but hard.
The given course is very beneficial
great course, extremely informative
Very well taught lesson. Thank you!
Exceptional and interesting course
EXCELLENT INFORMATION AND LEARNING
Very informative and knowledgeable
Physiology is explained very well!
Great course! Thank you so much!..
definitely worth doing this course
benefit of exercise well explained
It is a very knowledgeable course
Very good and interesting course
It was very helpful 😊 thank you
Comprehensive and easy to digest
I have learned a lot of things.
Thank you!!! I learned a lot!!!
Great course to gain knowledge.
great course very knowledgeable
Great course thx for everything
Extremely beneficial. Loved it!
I learned a lot about exercise.
All that imust to know about it
useful basics and not so basic!
Well Summarize and Informative
Very interesting and effective
Nery good revision of concepts
Happy to learn so many things.
This course is really helpful.
it was very helpful, thank you
very informative and helpful.
well thought and informative.
It was an informative course.
very accurate and informative
great and exceptional course
very informative and updated
The discussion was so clear
Good or informative course
BEST I TO KNOW THE SCIENCE
Brilliant course, thanks!
very effective and useful
this is excellent course
Everything is pretty gud
Great informative course
I just love the course .
Great, I learned a lottt
Awesome course 👍 thanks
Very informative Course!
this course is amaizing
The course is helpful.
Very useful knowledge!
Great content, Thanks.
Basic but yet detailed
So interesting course!
Its a very informative
great learning method
This course is great
Great, great course.
It's really helpful
informative session
Very good course .
i loved it so much
Its a nice course
so informative !!
Really Enjoyable
It´s helpful....
very motivating
Very informativ
Thanks !
