I found this course highly theoretical. It's probably a good course for those who study communication in college but it is NOT a course for professionals who want to learn new skills that can be applied to real life situations. The first two (out of four) modules were dedicated to theories of communication and a lot of definitions. The only useful moment was about what the stages a groups goes through when it is formed, which was probably 5 minutes of a lecture. The rest... Why do I need to know that holding on to an initial piece of information is called anchoring? And we don't just communicate but construct our reality through communication? These ideas are worth exploring through examples, or through practical tips on how they should be applied or avoided, or maybe through going deeper into them in assignments. However, the course just named them, the quizes made me go back to the theory because the questions were asking to give the definition to a term or to tell which term applies to a particular situation. As a student, I was left wondering what to do with this information.
The instructor does a decent job in the video portion, but the peer review portions are not good at all. The first assignment expects movie watching to be something that learner's are able to do and precludes people with disabilities that do not allow them to watch movies (but who are able to use the videos due to the closed captioning, lack of background noise, etc) or who don't have access to movies to watch (especially in a pandemic). The fact that the assignments go weeks without being "graded" is a waste of time. If assignments aren't "graded" by peers within a certain number of days from submission, the assignment should be considered passed so the learner can move on. Overall, I don't recommend this course because of the nature of the peer review assignments and how it, essentially, holds the learner hostage in a course that would otherwise be completed.
Spelling of my name is printed wrong on certificate. Plz correct it and send my certificate again
I like the course but the quiz is so challenging.
This course is very useful to me
I want to uneroll.
Too much work!
The material could be effective, but it's drowned out by wordiness and language that distracts from the actual goal, which is communication.
The content was logical, nothing that really blew my mind. I took it as a course to audit for work and found that it's poorly set up for auditing. The tests and assignments are there, but locked. Therefore it keeps indicating that you're not done each week and you have to continually reset the dates. It's just awkward and irritating. I guess they want you you to buy it, but it only frustrated me.
I think the content of this course is great and very useful. The first assignment requires watching a 2.5 hour movie that was difficult for me to follow, ultimately forcing me to not complete the course..
Kinda boring and hard to understand
The course itself was a little dry for me however, I am a hands-on person and learn better when I am applying content right away so I have a bit of a biased review. The content itself was interesting and brought my awareness to certain communication issues that I subconsciously apply but that are not always right. The assignments are a good way to apply what I learned to creating that connection to my own experiences. The questions during the video is a good way to re-enforce what was covered in real time.
It the first cours that I do it has been really interesting. I just have an issue that I consider can be easily solved. I noticed that you provide the notes tool which is great but the organization of such notes are upsite down, the firsts go to the bottom instead to the top. In addition, when you search by module thay sometimes appear not in order. Furthermore, would be useful if a highlighting tool would be implemented.
It seems like this class is heavy on using computer terms as an analogy to understand the concepts of group communication better. I didn't appreciate that because it seemed more clinical than what i would of expected. great professor and easy lay our of youa re okay with that. For me I didn't need all those extra vocab. words.
Good lecture. Peer-review assignments are great way to enhance knowledge and understanding, but it takes a lot of time for learners to complete.
The lecturer simply  reading Material, He is not explaining difficult words
LES AGRADECERÍA SE TRADUJERA AL ESPAÑOL MUCHAS GRACIAS
I think that topics in W4 are not useful.
Was cool,demanding and educative
Case study was unnecessary.
The content is highly educational. I'm not going to lie. It was draining for the first timers who will experience the definition of terms in this course but taking this course with my friends and classmate made it a little bit enjoyable. We were able to identify decision-making traps along our conversations and we were able to apply the good communications practices that I enjoyed the most in this course. However, when it comes to case study there are peers who are unfair. I was able to follow the instructions on the Case Study Creation and I was able to grade my peers fairly but I received some lower grades that I deem unacceptable since I follow the average requirement of the course. I hope people or at least there will be monitoring of my peers upon grading my case study creation in the future. Overall, I love this course and I'm going to take more in the future.
Excellent speaker/lecturer (who was still pleasant to listen to at 1.25x speed) and graphics, very well-structured, well-presented, interesting and fairly dense (in a good way) content. Enough repetition to keep track after pausing the course but not so much that it was annoying when going through the whole content for a week at once. The only major drawback for me was the complete lack of acknowledgement that trans and nonbinary people even exist in the section on gender (which was the weakest section for me). I also didn't like the underlying assumption in the diversity section that the audience of the lecture had to newly get used to diversity after having spent a long time in fairly homogenous groups - after all, the majority of Coursera students probably are NOT white men... I wasn't a huge fan of all the generic stock photos/illustrations, but I liked the dynamic and effective way images and text were used to support the spoken content and to add to it. Overall very pleasant to watch and listen to - I'll look out for other courses by the same lecturer/from the same university/department!
I was overwhelmed with the amount of information provided through this class. I wonder, how I can actively incorporate this learning in my daily job. I guess just doing the class is a start, but I wonder how I could get help to receive feedback on my mistakes I will definitely continue to do in the future. Otherwise I am not able to profit of this class as it could be and the time I spend is not invested to possible highest outcome! This e-class was the first of this kind. I though it is amazing what technology allows us to do in the field of communication and teaching. Since I am in process of converting my way of communication due to recent events (Convid), this class structure showed me an excellent approach to teaching and and excellent way to make people to follow through in a class. This was really fascinating to have experienced. This experience actually gave me more that just the pure content of the class.
I felt this class was thorough and somewhat challenging. I couldn’t help but think of those who are taking it as a second or third language! Congrats to you who can do it! As a native English speaker, one of the writing assignments was a challenge for me as it was more tedious but I guess if you’re just trying to pass and not excel it wouldn’t be too tough. The videos throughout the course are clear and concise, which I appreciated. I feel there is a lot of information covered in a very short amount of time. I was able to complete the four week course in under three weeks. Recommend this course for those who are trying to learn how to communicate effectively, even if just in your daily life! So much of life is communicating in groups, whether you’re aware of it or not. I am so glad they covered the importance of Diversity too!
I like this online course because the content is very informative, insightful, and relate with our daily communication in work also community. The video also quite engaging, and able to clearly explain with some examples. I also like with the peer review assignment because it enable us to read and learn from our peer's paper. One thing that challenging for me when I have to make a case study related to the topic, This task actually interesting and I love it, but It quite challenging because it took more time for me while at the same time I also have to manage my work load at the office and in my home. In overall I really enjoyed this course and hopefully I can apply it in real life. Thank you!
It was a good course, though a bit difficult on the quizzes and assignment part. Also, how can you be sure that peers do not take revenge on their grades from peer reviews? and that peers are honest and diligent in their scoring? For example, even if I cited and followed all the rules in the case study, someone still gave me a "somewhat incorrect" rating.  They could rate me low scores just because they had a wrong assignment and I didn't give them perfect scores.
The course materials are very informative and the professor is great to follow. The only downside Coursera should try to fix is the method the assignments are graded by peers. You cannot have someone give you 0 points with no feedback... while others give you 8-10 points. It shows either ignorance, language barrier or viciousness... I suggest a "report grade" button be added so the fairness of grading can be disputed in extreme low and unjustified grading.
The course was insightful and helped us identify a lot of the issues that we face when working in teams and provided us with tools to help us address this issues so that it don't turn into problems and effect the group but it was difficult to access the move since its very old and not on all platforms
This course has very valuable information about communication and working in teams. Concepts learned will undoubtedly be helpful in my future working relationships. My only bit of feedback - the videos have long introductions that are often unnecessary and ultimately make the videos drag on.
Excellent high level overview of team communication and development.  The assignments were interesting and not everyone in the cohort followed instructions, making it difficult to believe the true legitimacy of a certificate signifying completing the course and understanding the material.
It is an excellent course that really focuses on discussions and decision making and is really helpful if you are targeting the position of a head. The Professor gives us real life examples and explain it briefly. It was a honor to learn with Prof. Matthew Koschmann.
Essential communication skills we make use of a lot without being aware, and others that we need to make use of. I have learnt a lot about some of what i already know, and how to now use it positively for the achievement of overall goals and objectives.
I learned so much about what actual communication is. The common misconceptions about group communication has plagued me for years. This course has enlightened me and given me the opportunity to be aware of every detail when communicating with others
Great course to learn Team management skills. This course will help you in GDs, to understand group related conflicts in a better way, optimum use of technology for the betterment of the group and all other group-related stuff... Thank you
It was a good course , I've learn a lot of new theory & perspective of effective group communication. However I hope in the future this course can be completed with a lot of two way communication & course dialogue. Thanks
Peer graded assignment are kind of troublesome to say the least, but the course content itself and the videos are very well made, I would really recommend anyone planning to ever lead a team to take this course.
I found this course to be very interesting . I certainly gained a better understanding of communication effectively in group, my own shortcomings and steps I can take to improve and put into pratice.
If you're a leader or part of decision making groups, this is a course for you! I'm a STEM major and this was still helpful and the supplemental movie analysis was my favorite task to do.
The professor was great.I really liked the video clips (discussion about movies)animated visions were also interestingThanks for your time and consideration for teaching these materials.
It's very useful. However, I prefer it if you break the course into shorter videos because it feels exhausting to follow 10-15 mins video with a lot of information there.
I found this course to be very helpful.  I enjoyed doing it at my own pace.  I was disappointed that none of my reviewers gave me any feedback on what I wrote though.
It was a great experience for me to understand the key concepts of communication and teamwork skills.I will definitely recommend this course to my friends.thank you!!
Great Explanations on the respective topics!! The quiz and the assignment helped a lot and was quite different and interesting !!
I learned a lot from this course. Thank you for sharing this excellent material on developing group communication.
learn a lot,clear concept about team work communication,going to help me in my professional career...
Video are of  very long duration. If shorter it would help in understanding the course much better.
Well structured and compiled, however video length was bit on higher side to explain the subjects
Very good course regarding group decision making. Traps in decision making concept was very good.
it was such a useful experience i have learnt a lot thank you so much
Has helped in learning good  and effective communication  skills.
This Course taught me and changed my view in communicati
excellent platform for developing communication skills
Good ! Thank you for providing a wonderful course .
I see coursera Teamwork skills this is a great.
We benefited from experiences and expertise
Excellent course with nice presentation.
Good course to better communication
Short, precise, easy to understand.
Effective course for me...
Very helpful course!!!!!
Course is very useful
Explanation is good
Thank you so much Mathew Sir, My Course instructor for the course where he is a very energetic person I have learnt the course successfully and earned the certificate too. Thank you Coursera
Amazing course! Extremely interesting lectures and a very surprising assignment. This course is definitely worth taking.
I received everything I needed to understand how to connect my teams through communication.
I learned many things from this course. I feel better to manage conflict and negotiation. Group communication was challenging for me and I will be in a better place to deal with it after this course.
I LOVE IT , VERY GOOD EXPLAIN AND THE HOMEWORK WITH THE FACILITY TO
Trully, really excellent! It was suggested to me by my manager, and I was happy to do it, but as i have taken part in similar trainings, i did not expect much.I have to say that the material is very good, very interesting, it keeps you motivated, with assignments that do not burden you but help you to put in practice all that the module was offering.Extremely positive is the fact that you can finish the course in your own time. I did not want to wait until the deadlines, and thankfully i did not have to. I would highly recommend it to anyone! Even if not part of a business group, the course will give you many tips on how to improve your communication.
Amazing course! I've learned a lot of new theories & ideas of Group Communication! in a simple yet interesting way.  I will definitely make use of knowledge gain from this course in my practical life !
This course represents a great introduction aimed at enhancing a person's understanding of the parameters that affect - positively and negatively - communication in a group setting. Alas, keep in mind that this is a beginners-level class with material apropos for that level of knowledge. The lectures are engaging and enhanced with visual cues, just like you would expect in a physical setting. Throughout the video lectures, prompts encourage you to stay engaged and check your comprehension of the presented material. Quizzes are appropriate in scope and difficulty. Matt Koschmann is easy to listen to and delivers information in a clear and concise manner that manages to keep a student's attention throughout the entire course.
Matthew A. Koschman is a very efficient lecturer who packs the punch in his presentations. He is brief, clear and to the point about his topics. His video lectures are well made with a lot of thought and preparation behind them. He has a pacifying presence when speaking, and that helped me absorb his material like osmosis :) ... He is one hell of a lecturer! It's a great course... I'm a consultant physician and I work in a group. Before I stumbled upon this, I mistakenly thought that it would be another 'run of the mill' course, only to be pleasantly surprised about the contents of this course. The assignments are novel and testing. It's well worth the time spent! Thanks a ton Mr.Matthew.
This course is a great source to get better at group communication, we learn things that we have never possibly thought could influence our skills on teamwork, but they do. Also, the classmates seem to enjoy a lot the content, as their application on the proposed peer-reviewed assignments is very nice and pertinent. I recommend it.    It is wonderful to learn so many useful hints about communication in the team, ranging from language usage, decision-making traps, practices of good decision making to conflict management. And it is also useful to understand how technology can affect our communication.
This is among the excellent course that I have taken through Coursera. The tests in between video lectures kept me concentrated and helped in better learning. The report writing and case study assignment was an excellent technique for evaluation in Online courses. I feel I learned a lot after this course. Also during peer review, I found many students submitting the plagiarism file, some were submitting the provided example file in the course module. So those need to be restricted or punished.
This is a fantastic course and highly recommended for any juniour leader / manager at any stage of their career!  It is not too late to improve communication skills.  This is also the best online course package I have seen on Coursera from the production value perspective.  Not only does the professor presents info, which is well synthesized, the videos look very well rehearsed and kept my attention throughout.  Well done to the Boulder team for how this turned out!
This class had a great deal of good information on communication. I liked the mix of more interactive assignments and quizzes, and the lectures were professional and interesting throughout. Would definitely recommend to others. Thank you for putting this together!
The course helped me a lot in improving my teamwork skills and in my practical field of study.Thank you Coursera for providing  a wonderful course which enhanced my communication skills in groups and made me suited to work efficiently within a particular group.
I enjoyed this course from much as it provided me insights with how to deal with group conflict. The videos used in the lecture were also appropriate. For one of the coursework assignments, I wished they provided a movie that could be easily accessed.
This is the best course that I have ever attended online. I very much enjoy the way how Mr. Matthew A. Koschmann which is almost flawless. I believe he is very good at delivering this kind of online course and I love it. The best part is highlighting important phase or points on screen which is very helpful to take notes for me. I have some concerns about peer to peer review assignment as some people want to cheat on it. Your recommended books are also very helpful for further self learning. Thank you very much!
This course is a great source to get better at group communication, we learn things that we have never possibly thought could influence our skills on teamwork, but they do. Also the classmates seem to enjoy a lot the content, as their application on the proposed peer reviewed assignments are very nice and pertinent. I recommend it.
n my opinion this course is very useful to acquire team communication skills. It has been very interesting to learn new concepts such as the role of each person and the identity of each person in the team. I also learned a lot about the use of technologies in a team project.
I would like to thank Mr. Matthew A. Koschmann and University of Colorado, Boulder for making such a great learning possible for students like me. I enjoyed all of the lectures in this course. Indeed, the course coordinator put a lot of effort in this course.  Thank You!
I have benefited immensely from the course. Understanding the dynamics of a group is essential to succeed in different walks of life and the insight the course throws into various aspects of group communication will help me develop as an individual. Thank you Coursera.
It is wonderful to learn so much useful hints about communication in team, ranging from the language usage, decision-making traps, practices of good decision making to conflict management. And it is also useful to understand how technology can affect our communication.
I highly suggest this course. What impressed me the most are creative tasks and peer review assignments. Also, there are so many topics to debate about. Something like this is useful for everyone, both for professional and our everyday life. Teacher is great as well!
I can really recommend this course. Mr. Koschmann is a great professor and understands to structure and explain the content in a very good way. It gave me a great and motivating insight into this topic.
Amazing course! I've learned a lot of new theories & ideas of Group Communication! in a simple yet interesting way. I will definitely make use of knowledge gain from this course in my practical life !
Thank you so much Mathew Sir, My Course instructor for the course where he is a very energetic person I have learnt the course successfully and earned the certificate too. Thank you Coursera.
It is very helpful course to communicate in groups.
When I took up this course, it was all about learning how to make better decisions and manage conflicts. I assumed it to be more pedagogical from the context in the course but having read about Matthew Koschmann as someone who is a Fulbright scholar and has had published articles on the different social aspects, I was hopeful. As the course became progressively interesting, I could understand that letting me know the technical terms and quiz questions that deal with them was all made up to develop my skills in understanding team interactions and the forces that play. It allowed me to get the whole idea of how things have shaped up in my daily work life and helped me understand and appreciate the different behaviours and resolution tactics applied. I thank much to Sir Matthew for the course and look forward to an ever-challenging environment with these grassroot learnings in group interactions.
This course is really helpful and practical. The prof. provides many aspects of communication which allows me to deeply understand the history, the way it works, and suggestions that can be adapted in my everyday situations. Anyhow, in my opinion, the assignment of the final project is, somehow, way too hard for people who don't attend to the educational system properly. Most of the people enrolling in the course are just interested in the course, but, at the same time, are not prepared for high level of lessons and tasks. I think the two assignments in week 2 and 4 should be reconsidered and changed.
It completely changed my thinking and help me solved a lot of my team communication problems. Earlier i did not even know the reason why there are these problems in the first place. It has helped me better understanding of conflicts and how to resolve them and i have really learned how to be dynamic, flexible. Earlier I faced many problem as I used to be fixed in my thinking and it caused many problems but now I know how I can be dynamic and this has given me a lot of freedom. A very big thanks to Matthew sir for being such a great teacher!
This course has given me a whole different view of communication in teams. It has also made me look at this topic from a different perspective. Prof. Matthew Koschmann has a whole wealth of knowledge which he did not hesitate to share with his students. He explained each module very well,  and the videos were quite audible enough, for one to understand him. Thank you Coursera and University of Boulder for this great opportunity of learning on this platform. Looking forward to another exciting learning moment with you. God bless you.
Without a doubt, one of the best courses to develop interpersonal skills. I liked how the teacher has delved into many concepts that will surely help me improve the decision making process throughout a better understanding of the groups dynamics.
Very useful to put into practice with small groups either at work level, in research projects even in the management of groups in study classrooms.
Thank you very much Coursera for the opportunity to participate in quality training, excellent teachers !!
This course was a great experience for me! I just want to comment on the time required to complete the weekly writing tasks (Week 2 and Week 4). The tasks require much more time than designated in the course description. This is misleading and it may be a time management issue for quite busy learners. I would say the designated completion time should at least be doubled for these tasks.
Great course!!! Changed my perspective entirely especially regarding decision making and the several traps we fall into that we should try to avoid. The various communication practices was also an eye opener and will greatly help in my communication mode going forward.The instructor was also great, concise lectures that were very on point.Am grateful i took part in this course.
It was a great training and I felt in the training room
This indicates the experience that the trainer has in communicating information to the trainees, and how it works to attract the attention of the participants without feeling it
It is more than wonderful
My sincere love and respect to you, wonderful Matthew Koshman
I wish you success in your career and in your life
This course is suberb! The way the content was organized and sequenced is a work of art, scientific art! I will always refer to ths course for the rich content in few well chosen words. This is a must for any team player. One minor problem is that work assessments from week 2 and 4 are a bit demanding and we find a lot of plagiarism when grading colleagues.
Thank Matthew for a wonderful and brilliant course.It might say group communication skills but I say these are must have skills for any one communicating in any form of work or personal life.This has been a fantastic learning journey for me and I assure everyone taking this course that they will use these techniques/skills regularly in day to day life.
The course was very rich in content. I was able to know the dynamics of communicating effectively in groups which hitherto I took for granted. With this course, I now know the effective way to communicate either in words, signs and body language. The course was practical in all aspects. It is a very rich course which I recommend for all managers.
i really like that coursera and coursera is the best e-lerning platform as it provides many courses including free ones. qulity of video is very good and videos are also very interactive and understandable. coursera is very easy to use . it is the best place for any biginner. it also provide a certificate for all courses that we are learning.
Thanks Professor Mathew A Koschmann , PhD for the wonderful classes .The material is optimised for the topic.No flaws while communicating through media .Construction of peer reviews ,forum , comments everything is fantastic. Interested to complete one more course if time permits .A big round of applause for the entire team.Thank you .
I find this course to be very thorough and helpful. The explanation of key terms for each module is very well explained and easy to understand for me. The quizzes and assignments are in-depth, and really help boost my understanding of the module. Invest some time into this course and you will find the results to be quite worthwhile.
The professor mode of trasmission made learning online a tremendous experience.  I found each module either reinforce previous knowledge or imparted new material. I have learned about traps, use of technology, roles,norms and decision making. This course will not only help in career advancement but in general life. Thanks Professor
I am not just saying for the sake. Sincerely this course is going to help me a lot. The instructor Mr. Mathew Koschmann nailed it in many places. During the course period (era) itself I used some techniques taught by him in my profession. It turned out to be positive. Thank you for the whole team for sociomaterializing the subject.
it's a great course to learn about group communication. we might already know some of the material and probably a bit obvious yet we never aware and pay attention to them. by this course, that is all about, not only we learn but aware and know what to do with them in order to develop the group as a dynamic system in society.
This Course is a
must for every team member and leader in order to communicate effectively and
build high performing
teams. Course outline was well organised: they flowed and build on each other. The content
was rich. The presenter always provided insight into the next topic and
gave summaries of each lesson and sub-lesson.
Great experience, 5/5! Somewhat challenging but exciting to do assignments. Matthew Koschmann, the lecturer, is indeed very good at explaining complex concepts in a simple and engaging way. Many thanks for the course, I will make sure to use what I've learned in practice and to do a better job when working in teams.
we can indeed make better decisions, be more creative and innovative, manage conflict and work with difficult group members, negotiate for preferred outcomes, improve group communication in virtual environments, develop a better overall understanding of human interaction, and work more effectively as a team.
I like very much this course, it is a good tool to learn how to have a good communication in a group. The activities are very dynamic and understable however I think that the time assigned is not enough because there are extra activities which take more time to do it. Anyway I am very happy to complete it.
This is a really great course. The content is relevant and explained clearly. It all seemed very well organized and thought of. And the examples, as well as the assignments, provide great opportunities to understand the content. Thank you very much to everyone involved in the making of this course!
Enjoyed the course, but have my doubts about the peer review process. Most of the submissions I was given had nothing to do with the subject of the course I was taking. The only criteria I had to evaluate were the criteria from this course which was distinctly not the subject of the submissions.
Firstly, this course Compelling guides you on how to interact with coworkers and how to extract the best from your team and yourself.Secondly, it encouraged me to learn how to Summerize properly and how to craft interesting and worth reading Case Studies.Can't wait to start another one.
The introductory-level course offers a wide range of useful material regarding group communication, group decision-making, and group differences; which helps the learners familiarize themselves with the topic as well as apply these into the practical life to enhance group communication
Amazing course!! I learnt different aspects of communication. The Professor was great and wonderfully put up all the points in an understandable language. Helpful were the case studies and assignments along with the movies. Great Thanks to Coursera and University of Colorado Boulder!!
Very intense class, with lots of homeworks. But interesting ones. The movie I enjoyed a lot. And while I could see many plagiums, some fellow students really put the effort into it, just like me. Also, presentation was very cool, sometimes really edge-cutting technologies. Thank you.
This course did a great job of teaching the fundamentals of group communication. I would highly suggest it for any professional who frequently collaborates in groups. I was impressed by the instructors ability to incorporate modern technology into the discussion of communication.
Good modules with a great descriptive lecture. I would however suggest to add more video content and also have some interactive or game sessions to add more interesting elements in the modules. I had a good time with the learning materials and hope this will help me in my life.
I learned a lot from this course. The instructor was very enthusiastic and was a very good communicator (the course was about communication after all). The visuals were also very well-prepared. I wish more Coursera courses would adopt this style. Week 3 was exceptionally good!
Great course. I have never framed group communication as a social construction, which is important to understand why some meetings look inefficient to me. The course is well-organized. Prof. Koschmann is brilliant and an effective communicator for the students to learn from.
The course is essential for anyone who wants to understand the underlying principles that guide group communication. It has been a great learning experience for me and I look forward to using these learning in my life both in professional and personal settings.
Professor Matthew Koschmann is an extraordinary communicator, and provides good examples about how to effectively interact in groups, allowing to achieve the best outcomes. Congratulations for Matt's and his team efforts in creating such informative content.
Great course. Professor Matthew was very clear and inspiring!I've appreciated also the way you joined lectures to articles, books and movie insights. This way you give students the possibility to expand their knowledge exploring your extra materials.
The course is about teamwork skills how we communicate with each other what kind of problem are arises when we interact with other in group and sir had gave best possible way to how to overcome from this kind of tracks the overall course is nice.
I enjoyed learning about team working skills and communication as social construction...this I will never forget! This has been insightful and will help me become more conscious in my means mode and message of communication. Thank you so much!
The course is a great starter for those who are new to working in a team context, especially in a professional organization. It also illustrates and names concepts some of which we may already be familiar with. It has nice video content, too!
The course is an eye opening as to why small organisation aren't making progress. Team work is an essential part of all organisations and we must have the understanding of the skills to fit in properly and to yield viable results at the end
It is really an useful material which really helps me to find more effective in decision making also to find the traps especially in it. A heartily thanks to prof - Matt. for virtual communication methods which makes sense. Thank You.
The course material will stick with you because of the great learning experience. I have engaged in a course with great concepts, challenging assignments, thought-provoking questions and practical skills which I can use in real-life.
This course was very illustrative, with a strong review of the how to work in groups taken in consideration key aspects and also tecnniques to get very good perfomance.  working on a "social construcction"Thanks Proffesor Koschmann.
Excellent! I like the course content, delivery and relevance. Thanks to Prof. Matt for creating such a high degree short course on group communication. The explanations on social construction, dynamics and building teams are great.
The course content and process of delivery both are excellent. I thoroughly enjoyed solving Assignments and Creating Case Study. I submit my heartfelt gratitude to Professor Matthew Koschmann and my Organization (TATA). Thank you.
The content of the course is well designed. It has helped me to analyze our team members ability and now I am able to communicate effectively in my team. It has provided me an approach to solve a difficult situation with teamwork.
it's really an amazing course to learn about different aspects of communication. i have learned so many new things that i have never thought could influence our way of communication, but they do. it was a great experience for me.
The course content, Module presentation is a good example of technology and communication. Prof.Koschmann and the program development Team have developed an effective dynamic online learning program.Thanks for all the efforts.
Very insightful, rich in content course with challenging final assignment. Definitely useful for people who are interested in interpersonal communication theories and practices. Compelling professor. 10/10 recommended.
Great course! The course really brought me new information and new perspectives on group communication, beyond the basics. The peer-graded assignments are not easy, but are great because they make you think and learn.
It is really a very well researched course giving great insights about the dynamics of working in groups. Interesting contents have also been included from external sources which increases the value of the course.
This is an amazing course! I've learnt a lot on teamwork skills and how to communicate effectively to the group members. This is definitely a must go course! Thanks to Coursera and University of Colorado Boulder.
It is an excellent course! I really recommend it. It helped me to develop several skills regarding group communication, decision-making, managing conflict, negotiation and so much more!You won't regret doing it!
Very interesting course you can Lear many things about communication, communication traps, how to do effective communication, it will increase your quality not only in corporate as well in personal life.
This course overcome my expectations! You gonna learn many amazing things about good communication! Sure, that will be a breakthrough in your life! Professor Matthew bring rich content, Thanks so much!
One begins to immediately observe the benefits of this course from week one, as it instantly improves how you communicate with others in groups and in everyday life.I absolutely recommend this course.
This is an excellent course, I would love to take another curse with Doctor Koschmann especially in something related to working from home due to this pandemic. I so glad to have chosen this curse
Amazing professor with excellent knowledge in the field of Communication. A journey that I can never forget. It is an amazing course, well structured and interactive. Thank you Professor Matthew.
Great course, it helps highlight the key concepts of interpersonal communication in decision making, and it shed lights on common mistakes that could be made while communicating in groups.
good content, i have learned a lot in decision making and understanding your teammates. it helped me communicate very well with my team and have come up easily with solutions to problems.
The Author has very nice explained all the aspects about communication and has given enough references and examples regarding the same.The content is really good and properly explained.
I think this course offers lessons that are somewhat of a common sense but are gold and could help you in your personal or career life so I very much recommend this excellent course.
Very informative course. I enjoyed the examples and visual aids that were used to supplement the course material. Instructor teaches in a way that is clear and easy to understand.
Amazing course, even as a senior leader with over 15 years management experience, I learned valuable communication skills. Lessons are presented in easy chapters and assignments.
Glad I pursued the course and am able to adapt the acquired skill to further my understanding and able to apply the knowledge in my daily life .A very useful. Please thank you.l
I do have learnt a lot in this course. It is the first time to get access to the theory of communication, and I will try to apply the knowledge what I have learnt to practice.
it was the best experience for me. I really enjoy this course. I get so much valuable knowledge regarding teamwork. it is the best course who really wants to work in teamwork.
This course was really very helpful for me.The professor was really very engaging and i came to learn a variety of new things which is important for my communication skills.
Communication is a skill that I'm glad I didn't assume I knew enough. Enrolling in this course definitely gave me great insights into areas that I don't even know exists!
Great overview of group communication! increased awareness of issues groups often face and gave practical solutions on how to work through them to be more successful.
A very meticulously designed course for professionals. Module on decision making was very good.Learnt a lot of good concepts which will surely help me in group work.
Instructor organize the very good manner. And Assessments criteria was also good. And at the end I would like to say thanks to course instructor and TEAM COURSERA.
such a interactive course. i learnt lot of stuffs. if at all you are in confusion to choose i persuade you to try this course. absolutely it is worth enrolling.
Great to learn about Team work Skills Communication Effectively in Groups, Really it will helpful me for future days.Thank you very much for learn new things...
This course has covered 360 degrees about group communication aspects and feeling like lgained additional feather on my cap. Feeling excited on completion!!!
This is the best online course I have undertaken. The content and assessments are world class. I am so impressed taken part in this life-changing experience.
Professor is very engaging, the material is well presented and amount of assignments is reasonable. It was great experience. Thank you for this opportunity.
The course is really pleasant to follow, it follows its own advices ! Offers good teachings on how communication is and should be, on a variety of subjects.
Is was very interesting! The presentations were very clear. Dr.Koschann is amazing  lecture. I wish Dr.Koschann and all his team success and prosperity! .
Great and insightful course. I was impressed with professors knowledge and way of explications. I've gained many essential skills :)  Thank you very much!
Course content is extremely good. The assignments are very interesting and challenging as well - Helps you to remember and apply the concepts learnt.
Excellent explanation. Good focus on the key points. I enjoy like a movie.  Video quality good; material and support excellent.  Thank you very much.
A very exceptional course which helps a lot to understand daily mechanism of how team works what are the problem on faces and how ro resolve them..
Such an amazing course with a great course teacher. Learned many important topics regarding how a team works to make a decision and avoid conflict.
Thanks to all person that work to build this concise Learning Material. All the challenge was equal with a real life learning activities in class.
Very useful and relative content for today's work. it covers all aspects from theories of communication to current virtual work and technologies.
I really enjoy this course, the method of teaching and the level of presentation as an online course was great. Thank you all for this chance :)
The course has been very informative and allows me to understand Group Communication in a much greater concept than what I initially presumed.
nice course, I learned the fundamentals about communication in a group, the notion of conflicts, and key aspects of decision-making processes.
Very well structured curriculum providing the needed details with illustrations as much as possible to understand the content to the fullest.
This course has really broaden my knowledge and I can apply this in real life situation to enhance communication in every group am a part of.
Very well designed course. It was very engaging right from the beginning and the assignments proved to be valuable for content comprehension.
THE COURSE WAS VERY EFFECTIVE AND PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED WHICH HAS CONSIDERABLY RAISED MY KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITY TO FUNCTION AS A TEAM MANAGER
This professor is super well spoken, covers extremely interesting content & I am confident that this information will help me in my worklife!
Fantastic material. Instructor knows information and has the ability to make it make sense. Thank you for your time putting this together.
Insightful and practical, the "Communication as Social Construction" model entirely transformed the way I communicate, strongly recommend.
I agree that my feedback may be viewed by coursera community, in compliance with the coursera term of use and my profile privacy settings.
Thank you very much for sharing such a great knowledge.  I have to learn a lot about Communication and Teamwork skills during this course.
Thank you very much for the very interesting and challenging course. This helps me a lot especially my interpersonal communication skills.
This course was particularly helpful in sharpening my
virtual communication skills. The course material, and videos were well structured.
It was a really good course that I enjoyed a lot. There are quizzes to pass that course but if you do your work, you can pass easily. :)
Very good class. After completing I feel a little more confident in my ability to communicate within the workplace and other situations.
Great course! At first, I thought it was simple but there are broad range of topics applicable to both professional and personal life.
Very useful lessons for those who want to know about group communication. And also, the lecture is very clear to explain the lessons.
I loved the class.  The professor was very thorough and very professional.  I would recommend this class.  Thank you for offering it.
It is important to listen to other people and share ideas with your team nothing will go when you have a great communication skills.
Simple, yet easy to understand. Interesting, yet fun to learn. I thought my teamwork skills were great until I went to this course.
One of the best MOOC that I've ever been experienced until now. I really appreciate for the total course and the provided materials
I would like to thank coursera for this useful and interresting course,i am really enjoying this course and i hope success for all.
It was an amazing learning experience. I enjoyed the assignments. What I enjoyed the most was the instructor's presentation skills.
Really,ItwasveryinterstingandinclusivecourseIhavegotnewskills from this course.Best wishes, for the Instructors from Tamirat Wato.
Amazing course for every individual across all walks of life. Especially if you are part of multicultural cooperate organizations.
Have gain an insight that will make one soar high in the contemporary society. Such a great course with high recommendation.
I enjoyed the course throughout. A lot of learnings and knowledge have been achieved through the course. Thank you very much
Mr. Koschmann is a great teacher and a great speaker. The content was relevant and I learned a lot from group communication.
This is the best MOOC I have ever taken and I have taken a lot of MOOCs. The teacher explains everything exceptionally well.
I think is a very useful tool to improve our communication skills and implement new strategies at the group to met our goals
I really learnt alot in this course. It was worth my time and effort.  Thank you for giving us this opportunity to learn.
Comprehensive and well-structured course! It helped me out a lot and I now feel prepared to tackle future group projects!
Great course! Lessons are very informative, interesting and dynamic. The content is well organized and easy to understand
describe a lot about what happens in a communicating group and how to make your group outcome  more often more favorable
The Course was amazing. I love working in a team but this course enhance my skills and the rapport with my team members.
Very good, clear videos. The quizzes throughout were a great way to engage and make sure you paid attention throughout.
interesting course i recomend everyone to enroll, you're going to suround overally by all side of communuation group
This course is very helpful to understand why do we fail in making good decision when it comes to group decision.
The video's slides were so educative. Have been able to communicate effectively and work effectively in a group.
Very useful to me and my career. I can improved myself because of joining this course successfully completed.
I really enjoyed this course! It was never boring. Always a challenge but always a good journey! Thank you!
I really enjoyed and hope to get this course I recommend this cours to everyone who wants to learn Teamwork
Very easy to understand and practical advices on how to apply the concepts of communications for groups. I
Easy to learn and useful for future. Matthew sir is very easily teaching for all methods of communication.
Good presentation and assignments. Really helped me rethink my role and current job as an office manager.
The course is Excellent, I will recommend it to anyone who wants to develop his/her communication skills.
Amazing course! I've learned a lot of new theories & ideas of Group Communication! in an interesting way.
This communication lecture is great course and provide clear materials and examples. Recommended course.
Very easily understandable and the peer review assignments help us improve more in our course. Thank you
This course has changed my life for Good. That's about how i can summarize my experience with the course
This course is perfect for the one who wants to excel in the group decision making in the organization.
Good course, full of example in real life and I can adapt theories from this course to my working life.
Great course to do which help us to know much better about the strategy and innovative ideas in groups.
I am honored an happy of the course i learned alot an the skills will help me improve in the workplace
Very useful educational content. I have learned so many things that I can use in group communication.
A straight and modern way to learn at your own pace. Excellent module with a seamless delivery style.
It is a great learning center an online and commanding the people who are working in Team management
Thank you very much to our professors. God Bless and more power. I learned so much from this course
it was a great course to understand the dynamics involved behind the groups decision and discussion
The bestest course on teamwork. The faculty, his teaching and the way course is presented is unique
The course was pretty good. Videos very clear and it oblies you to work in the exams and practices
This was the best time I have ever given to myself. I got so much information through this course.
Really good content and instructor. Assignments some kind of challenging. I strongly recommended.
Very well structured course to refresh many skills that are essential for any business context.
This was a great course, i have learned several type of group activities by doing this course.
Wonderful experience. I was actually able to link back many of the details to my past events .
Very informational and relevant to today's team interactions.  I really enjoyed this course.
Wonderful learning experience. Thank you University of Colorado Boulder and  Coursera Team
Great experience with coursera certificates programs to self development as well as team.
Very impressive course and trainer, this will definitely help in effective communication.
EASY TO CORELEATED WHERE I WAS LACKING . Liked it most , it was too interactive session .
A wonderfully designed course on how to manage your role in a team for maximum benefits.
Thanks for the pretty course.. i learned a lot and i need it.. it was in the right time
Quite Impressive. Great information about the topic task and assignments were spot on.
A very insightful and well delivered course. In touch with the world today. Thank you
It's a good course. It will let you know all about team work and things related to it
A good class for new leaders and those wishing to accelerate their value within organ
Good content. Great teacher. Fluent teaching. Interesting and clear modules. Loved it
Excellent course content! I update and learnt so much about effective communication!
I really enjoyed this course. The assignments, lectures and discussions are worth it
The course was very informative and has helped improve my group communication skills
Amazing Course and very well guided and put together. Interesting case studies too.
A well-organized course for learning group work manners that will certainly help.
Very useful course. Learn and practice to be better in group communication skill.
The course was delivered clearly. Quality lecturing from the professor in charge.
very good content and i recommended to everyone to attend due to the essentiality
Excellent explanation of topic. Very effective & useful for day to day execution,
Its really informative course with great examples and assignments thank you sir
Need to study a movie to utilize course ideas was the best part!! Great  course
Excellent course. This course helps to learn many dimensions of communication.
I enjoyed the course, and i am glad i took it. it was insightful and helpful.
This course is very useful for me to understand how to communicate in a group
I learnt a lot about communication techniques, that i wasn't aware of before.
developed a fairly interesting and compelling scenario of group communication
Must do this course one of the best experience and knowledge gaining course
Nice course with excellent material and insights.. thanks for your trainig
This course is very informative and the examples given are very relatable
It is best experience to attend the online course And it was so good👍👍
Such a great course to have effective team work. I highly recommend you.
Very informative which we can use practically in our work environment.
Relay this helped me lot and  more understanding in day to today life.
it is amazing course. content is so simple and can be understandable.
Brief, compelling, practical course for everybody who works in teams.
Soft skills are very important and this course helps to improve them.
Very Useful Course to enhance Efficiency in professional environment
Very good course to help me have a better understanding of teamwork!
It was interesting and I was much curious to learn in every module.
Useful course and very good information related to decision -making
One of the best courses i have ever taken you learn a lot of things
I am very glad I followed this course, I improved and learnt a lot.
Great program. many interesting concept. Matthew is really great!
Thank you for this opportunity! I had fun and I've learned a lot.
very brilliant course with great initiatives on team work spirit
One of the most effective and fun courses I have learned so far.
It is very much interesting and I loved the Journey of learning
Everyone should try it because we will need this in our future.
Excellent course, very educative. Recommended for Professionals
Such an amazing course..must do...So much detailed explanation
I loved the course content and the professor is quite engaging
I am more than enjoy attending this course. Thank you so much!
It was a good course to learn something new thanks to Coursera
This course is really good, well explainable and lot to gain.
I am very proud of my achievements and will continue to study
This was a wonderful course and I learned so much from this.
Awesome course .....really learnt many good things from this
one of the best courses I have ever seen in teamwork skills.
It is an interesting course.  Everyone must do this course.
Great materials, great professor... overall, a good course.
The course was amazing, it was so interesting and helpful.
I think it was the best course i have seen .Very effective
Very well explained each concept using everyday examples!
Enriching ,engaging, well prepared , detailed & explained
Dr. Matthew A. Koschmann is a great lecturer. Thank you.
Challenging enough to make you think and actually learn!
A Very Good Course To Improve Your Communication Skills
Its a great course .l learn how to make a great descion
it is a better platform to learn and develop our skills
This is osm app for student, business man and everybody
Excellent Course easy, useful and excitingthanks a lot!
Communication skills learn you how to deal with others
Awesome...I think  everyone wants  to do this course..
The tutor for this lecture was literally the best ever
This course is really helpful for my future job career
Excellent communication skills and insights acquired!
Excellent, I liked this training. Very good material.
Very amazing course to learn how to work in a group.
Excellent , learned so many things from this course.
you are the best teacher and i wish you good things
Excellent course for group decision making concepts
The way the contents are designed is really awesome
Excellent course for skill developments.Thanks !!!
It was an amazing course. Thank you Coursera Team!
It really helped put things in perspective for me
One of the best courses I came across, thank you!
Very nice for developing our communication skills
Very informative. Nice setup for virtual courses.
Very good explaination and very intresting course
Its really good course for me and really helpful
course improve our over all leadership and skill
I found the course is engaging and productive.
i really enjoyed this unit. well articulated
I really enjoyed the class. Very insightful!
This course help to improve in my workplace
Great course i have learnt a lot thank you!
THANKS FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO GET TESTED...
Great course, very intuitive and rewarding!
Excellent experience for me thanks coursera
Excellent Course to learn with enthusiasm.
It is very good to be part of this Journey
Informative, I really enjoyed the journey.
very professional ad well designed course.
Amazing Course; relevant in today's world
Very usefull in real life, thanks for all
Very well designed course, learned a lot.
Good Course, was really a value addition!
Much Detailed and Challenging assignments
Nice explaination and very useful content
Recommend! enjoy this course very much :)
Highly informative. I strongly recommend.
good speech. good thoughts. thank youuuu
great course for communication students
gets lots of knowledge from this course
Great course. I like the 2 assignments
Wonderful course by a great instructor
A MUST HAVE course!  Thanks very much.
I have learned many things from here.
Great course and amazing instructor!
Overall it was really a nice course.
The course is extremely interesting
good course to develop your english
greate content that are beinf teach
very good course. learnt team work.
great course to build up the skills
Comprehensive and practical course!
One of the best course so far ....
The content and style are amazing.
learn to be effective communicator
This is a very interesting course
Great Course! Highly recommended!
It's worth completing this course
Perfect. This course is worth it.
Very Useful, highly satisfied :)
This courses is really excellent
Excellent teaching by Micheal !
assignments are very practical
fantastic and practical course
it  was excellent training ...
Great course! Very interactive
Thank you so much Coursera! 💚
Great course, thank you a lot!
Thanks for this opportunity 😊
i like this course. thank you
Nice Course.Helped me a lot.
good it will be more helpful
The best online course ever
this course is really great
I've learned so many things
Glad to learn this course.
Perfectly impacting course
thank you soo much for all
-

well structured content
excellent forum to learn.
very helpful professional
IT WAS A GOOD EXPERIENCE
Very important for life
Great.. but still busy
Worth learning!!!
very effective
Great Course!!
thank you sir!
Well covered.
Very Easy
Great &
