The course is already in French, even it's subtitles. I enrolled for this so that i can learn french...but it's nor providing any beginner level info.
The course is literally not useful for an individual as, these respected teachers only speaks french to teach french actually!
no english subtitles
worst cousre ever
Unable to understand the conservation it is not in english
No translating to English! how is that ?!
I didn't find this course very practical. Grammatical patterns often didn't include the answers for the quizzes, the videos very shallow and a bit mixed up. The purpose of some of the tasks was not even understandable, another minus is the social aspect absence. I wish the course contained some kind of tan interactive platform and really helped people from other countries work and study together. Maybe creating a code for WhatsApp group, as forums are dead, neither I received a single notification on a new response posted, no speaking tasks.
The course is well structured and well prepared, but it's not a B1/B2 level. Maybe you can say it's a B1, but for sure not B2.
Halfway through, I'm finding that the actual lessons are a bit lacking. There is a VERY brief overview of what you should be learning in the section, but it's way too quick to learn the idea, if you haven't learned it before. If it's something you're already familiar with, it's a good review/overview, but it's just not enough to learn the idea from scratch. Then you suffer through quizzes, trying to learn from your wrong answers with little feedback (which is frustrating and de-motivating) or you search online for other material to learn from, which defeats the purpose, in my opinion.
Whilst was very interesting and informative, there was far too much work attached to it. We’re talking 8hour sessions at a time which is so hard to balance considering I had other work to do. (That’s not the issue of coursera but mine, I’m just saying there could be far less materials). The grammar explanations were vague for me and didn’t aide with the quizzes very well which was frustrating and made me look worse than I feel I am. However, the professors are very passionate and I am proud to have done this course in its completion. It is probably more suitable for adults, as am only 16 and had to balance it with other work. I do recommend but it is very difficult in my opinion.
Nice if you want a small boost in remembering your French, but for me it didn't work as well as I had hoped, as there was no speaking involved.
I want a beginner edition.
very good and helpful to advance your french! For the grammar part, a pdf manual with explanations in addition to the videos would sometimes be helpful - but you can obviously also find it online.
Overall, I like the course. It was just challenging enough, but doable, for me. The presentations are appropriate length and teachers speak clearly and concisely. I like the quizzes although some of the questions are not clear enough.What I did not like is running into some technical issues. A few times I would complete an assignment but could not move on because the next step was locked and it kept asking me to go back and finish the assignment I already completed.Also, I moved forward carefully, step by step, to ensure I miss nothing. But when i check the course overview, I would find that I was missing some parts, i.e. the green circles were not full, and so I would have to go back and find the part I missed. This should not be happening.
It's very helpful and most of the videos and instructions are interesting. I especially like the excerpts from books, movies and articles used in the course. Some parts of the course, however, are too technical and hard to understand in a short time. It would be great if there are notes summarizing the grammar contents with various examples. Overall, I enjoyed the course. Thank you very much indeed.
Overall this is an excellent course which will allow you to improve your listening, reading and writing skills. The use of french videos/film clips is well dispersed throughout the course, while the selected films are cult classics in France. There is a bit too much grammar. In this I mean that they cram so much grammar in it becomes difficult to remember how to use it and when. The other difficulty are the peer reviews. It is difficult to know where you could improve based on most people's feedback. Abstract statements such as 'grammer could be improved' do not provide much direction especially when you have gotten a native french speaker to review your work and they spot limited problems!
I audited the free version of the course. I found it helpful in brushing up and polishing parts of French which can sometimes be difficult to find and study online. There's a great portion of French media that is incoporated in the course which is great. Film clips, comic strips, pieces of writing.If this course lacks two things it would be more assignments, especially practice quizzes. And above that, more detail for some of the topics. For instance, I found the covering of pronouns to be lacking, particular in detailing the difference between "dont", "a qui", "à lequel", etc. and then asking questions about it. A good course. I think worth the time.
I loved the course. It helped me to review and understand grammar rules that I didn't really understand before. I learned very useful vocabulary and a lot of things about France. I really recommend it.
Overall a well-constructed course, which covers the essentials for learning a new language: pronunciation, reading, vocabulary, writing, listening. Sometimes I felt some exercises merited a bit more background information. For instance, a video would cover a certain topic briefly, and the exercise would delve into an aspect of grammar that had not been covered in the video. But overall, the connection between the topics and sections was good. Having a good basic understanding of French is essential, as there is not a lot of repitition in grammar exercises, etc. The course focuses on students that go to France for a program, but I found it equally suitable for people that want to move to France for work or otherwise.
I give this course a four star! I am truly impressed by the course content and how engaging and interactive it was. I am a very interactive person and have found it really difficult and near impossible to complete any online learning, but this was exceptional. I looked forward to studying this course, doing all the exercises, quizzes and reading through the texts. It was an amazing experience and it did really help my passion for this language study. It made great improvements in some aspects I struggled with. I hope for more support and some deeper forms of engagements to take this learning to a higher level. Well done!
The course is well-organized and I feel I learned a lot. My only complaint is that since the assignments are peer-reviewed, they can be marked incorrectly without any means of rectification. One of the two graders on my final assignment seemed to assign points randomly. They gave me a 0 out of 2 for examples given, where 0 meant no examples, 1 meant 1-2 examples, and 2 meant 2+ examples, but I gave four examples altogether. Ultimately, I am happy with having taken this course and would recommend it.
I really liked the videos for this course and the materials. The teachers were engaging and the lessons flowed well. I do not have any interest in studying in France, so the actual subjects each week were not very interesting to me. It's a good way to practice grammar and learn some new words though.
It is a little too long, but otherwise, this course is really good! Instructors well prepared and the course was very clearly planned out and delivered to in a orderly manner. The teaching to exam ratio is perfect and it really helps recap what you learned. A very well structured 6 weeks!
There should be buttons with the french accents. When writing an assignment, it is difficult and rather tiring to stay copying from Word every vocal with accents (ex. é , ù , à ) because these are not present on the keyboard. Overall the course is excellent!
Very useful course, with good balance between grammar, pronunciation, spoken and written language. Even though the programme is very focused on students' life, I took it to improve my conversational French for work purposes and it turned extremely helpful.
A great course for if you already know French and want to keep it ticking over, I did it over my summer holidays before going on to do French at uni, just to make sure I didn't completely forget everything I learnt because I wasn't using it.
I really enjoyed the course. It taught me a lot of new things. I'm not a student nore plan on being a student in France so a lot of the things were irrelevant. However, I still learnt so much and am grateful for the course.
It is not a serious course: you can take all the time you want, you can read the corrections every time you want etc... However, for me it has been very useful for the vocabulary. I recommend it.
It's a great course. Except, in my opinion, the grammar is not well explained. It focuses too mcuh on the technical aspects and not enough on actual usage of certain grammatical structures.
C'est une très bonne expérience!!! Everyone should try this course once and religiously follow it! Detailed information and in-depth knowledge of French is definitely guaranteed here.
Great course to get an overview of B1 and B2 level, I liked the written exercises. Grammar sections could be longer, I'd love more content on them. Overall enjoyed the course!
It's very interesting course with video, music, literature, history.The only one default for me was not enough of grammar, but maybe it was not a goal of the programm
This is a great MOOC I really wish we can enjoy more French-oriented courses like this. I did not like that is basically pay-to-learn. Other thant that I loved it.
Really liked it but I feel is way too focused on students who are going abroad. There isn't that much vocabulary for living in France
The literature was a bit too much, I don't think it was "essential" or that necessary for somebody who is just moving to France.
This is a useful course. However, I think it is too short to really make a difference in one's deep mastery of the language.
Well-produced course - aimed at students going to France, but useful for other intermediate learners nonetheless.
it was a good course, maybe less interesting for me because I am not a student... but still very good.
over course is good, Please try to make an English sub title , for non-native students. thanks
Good course to brush up your language skills . Good assignments and oral , written exercises.
Nice. More grammar and vocabulary explainations would have been even better.
Good! But i think would be better with more grammar and listening exercises
Good introduction to the language, requires you to put in real work.
it's very well organized, interesting and multi-faceted. Thank you!
The course is very well-taught and has helped me a lot.
Oral expression is not enough to practice.
its a good course but i wan to unenrollll
Very good course! Merci beaucoup :)
Comprehensive and structured
It was a really good course.
This course was a brilliant refresher into the B1 and B2 levels of the French language. I recommend this course to anyone who is looking at improving their French!
Very useful and well designed! Even for students at level A2 like me, the course is really effective! Thank the contributing team very much for your great work!
It was an incredible course, I enjoyed every minute of it and every homework and I must say I learned more about the life in France that I had done in my 12 years of studying French in school. I trully recommend it! :)
The course is complete and has a concern about bringing the students to the real situations and contexts while connecting them to the arts and cultural background in France. I wish it went deeper in the grammar (in terms of discussing more the topics of the week), specifically the lesson about the pronouns,  but it was great.
Excellent way to acquire and improve new language skills through web based digital learning and what's even awesome is that you can apply for financial aid to take the course and once you've been approved it is wonderful and happy learning. Thank you Coursera Team  and partners for making this possible.
Excellent refresher.  The tests were challenging and the production value of the videos was top notch.  I’d love to see more efforts, perhaps a C level course from this faculty.
Fantastic course! Very well structured, very good videos, excellent teachers! The quizzes and the assignments are very helpful in order to advance the knowledge of the language.
It's a full french class. The instructors clearly explained the culture, vocabulary, grammar and pronunciation. I learn more than just a language from this class! Merci beaucoup!
This course was essential to review structures and to practice writing. It is a wonderful opportunity to people who already have an intermediate level of French and want to brush up the language.
It is a very useful course, especially for the people who want to move to France for the studies. You can find many practical information and get exposure to the real life language use.
Excellent course. Well conceived, really very good use of technology. Not always easy, but always interesting and rewarding. Thanks!
The course is very well-structured and gives you lots of new and exciting things to learn. I have enjoyed every minute. Thank you.
One of the best courses i've ever attended. It is challenging and contains interesting content. I can just highly recommend it.
I really enjoyed that the due dates were flexible and that you could advance in the course if you were ready.
Clear and informative course! Highly recommend for learners who would plan to take DELF B1-B2 so far.
Very diversified and broad learning on French Language Intermediate Level.
I am (positively) surprised by the high quality of a free course. Coursera - and its partner institutions - will not stop amazing me.In this course, I got in touch with an intermediate course of the highest standard, with clear explanations on grammar, many examples of texts and a lot about French and francophone culture. I mean it: really a lot!Previously, I had taken almost two years (starting from zero) of French before and considered my level as either an advanced beginner or a beginning intermediate. If you feel yourself somewhere around these or further, this course is made for you.Thank you, École Polytechnique, for helping me keep up the pace and broadening my French knowledge.
It was more difficult than I had previously thought, but it was a great experience! The grammar was really fast, but I learned a lot about certain things.
Pros:*Everything is in French so suitable for all learners, no matter what their native language is.*Very well structured.*Review of various grammar points.*Good mixture of grammar/reading/writing/listening/pronunciation.*Accurate time to complete course stated.*Suitable for B1-B2 level learners.Cons:*Some people mention the peer-grading system. It is not ideal but for a highly demanded online course like this unfortunately, peer-grading is the only option when submitting written assignments. It is not possible for professors to grade everyone's work individually.*I wish there were more online courses like this for French learners!This course was fantastic! I am not planning to study in France but I still found the topics very useful and interesting. The course is very well structured and I feel like I have progressed so much over the last 6 weeks. I have reviewed a lot of language that I had forgotten, been able to understand grammar that I had difficulty grasping in the past, and learned more about the French history and culture. Merci beaucoup pour tout!
Amazing course! Excellent organization of the lectures and course materials, good structure in terms of variation of lectures and quizzes. The lecturers are charismatic. Two disadvantages from my point of view: 1) incorrect answers to some of the quiz questions do not bear explanations as to why they are incorrect or what is the correct answer and why, and the student has to retake the test to find out the right answer and, if available, the note as why it is correct; 2) I was overwhelmed at certain moments by grammatical classifications, such as pronoms personnels, pronoms relatives, etc. While I appreciate the knowledge that they bring, and the examples, the classification in itself was too much; one or two of the quizzes also contain questions based on classifications, (for example a quiz in Week 6), which was unnecessary, I think. On the overall, however, I really appreciated the course and the immense work and preparation behind it. Thank you, Isabelle, Julie et Olivier!
This course is excellent and taking it was one of the best decisions I have made, in terms of my language learning, in my adult life.   It is well structured, fun and interesting.  The three teachers, Julie, Olivier and Isabelle, explain the topics covered, grammar, vocabulary and so on, clearly and concisely, with well-chosen video and audio clips to illustrate each one.     It takes a certain amount of dedication and enthusiasm to stick with this course as you need to devote a couple of hours a day to it.  However, I enjoyed it so much that I ended up doing far more than this and reading around each subject.    As a result, my French has come on in leaps and bounds and I have now registered for a further (paid for) intensive course.     I am actually very sad that I have finished this course and wish it could go on longer!   Bravo to everyone involved and if you're thinking about doing it - don't hesitate.     I am very proud of my certificate.
This is the greatest course I've ever taken!! If you want to get your French to another level I would say It's a must! Challenging and fun at the same time, I've absolutely loved the instructors and the course is so useful and it made me finally fall in love with the language! I can't believe that it's available for free, and I am going to buy the certificate (even though I am not sure if I need it) because I'd feel bad to have benefited from this without giving something back. Thanks again!If you are thinking about taking this course just give it a shot, you won't regret it I can assure you that!
I feel like a challenge to test my French knowledge especially in grammar (pronouns). It has been since 10 years that I attended French course academically speaking. I love to learn more and be able to regain the ease at speaking French. When I focused on English I got confused with the French vocabulary. Anyway it is a great pleasure to feel active and learning. It is true that man is on ongoing learning course in life. LOADS OF THANKS TO THE LECTURERS AND THE GENEROUS INFORMATION. I AM GRATEFUL TO COURSERA AD BEST LUCK TO ALL LEARNERS HERE!
I really appreciated being forced to look at my lack of grammar.  I enjoyed being exposed to so many aspects-film, music, readings, etc, that I kept wanting to go down those rabbit holes!  I have a better idea of what to work on now to improve my french, and I have thought about retaking this course just to improve even more, or looking for another class.  Thank you a thousand times for this opportunity and this possibility.  I am grateful, as there is no place for me to go to learn French
It is such a well structured course, I haven't studied French in years, since I finished high school and it was a pleasure to study, read and remembering many things I had done. I will suggest this course to anyone, even if they  have never studied French, the structure of the course enables you to concentrate on a certain subject and right away test yourself with incredible quizzes. I'm very happy and proud of what I learned.
Really enjoyed this as a well thought out refresher for my high school French, with a balanced approach to multiple aspects of language learning, professors whose enunciation was superlative (unlike some of the people in the video clips they chose) , and consistent efforts to focus on the types of material that will be especially useful for people moving to France to study there.  Please made a MOOC for the next level - B2-C1!
Very interesting and well structured course. It was easy to follow and be on track, which is sometimes difficult for self-paced courses. The content was very appropriate and related to the course. We are able to learn not only the French language, but also the culture and customs that make the French people unique, including their language. I really enjoyed being enrolled in this course and I hope other levels are available.
I love this course, very well designed topic and also full design of listening, reading, writing and all skills each week. it is a little hard for me but I think it is personal. ( took me 2 whole years to finish haha ) . also the grammar part is bit toooooo fast I hope there could be more Manuel material on grammar section to help us practice and understand more..ANYWAY!! GOOD COURSE! ( I am DELF B2 now although 51/100 lol)
I REALLY loved this court and it is so much more comprehensive than I thought it could be for an online course! I highly recommend it. The only thing is that I would ask the instructors to review some of the pronom relatif quizzes, I feel the need of using passé simple seems a bit ridiculous for a B1 and B2 course. I would like them to update some of the materials as well but overall, the subjects are all very relevant.
Amazing course! I had not been practicing or using French ever since I got my DELF B1 certificate, and this course helped me a lot in reviewing what I have learned/acquired so far. It also taught me a lot of new, valuable things about French language and French culture that I hadn't known before. I learned so much with this course. Looking forward to another French course like this, maybe for C1 and C2 levels.
Well structured and very source material, examples and assignments to learn from. Upon finish it I have found myself much better at reading and writing the language and even listening to it with movies. What I like the most is that modern movies, music and everyday topics and converations. I strongly recommend this course and will suggest it to anyone that wants to imrpove their French. Merci Beaucoup!!
Following the proposed rhythm of weekly exercises is a very good approach in learning a foreign language, the mixture of videos, instructions in grammar and education in culture is an enriching experience and it was a pleasure to complete the proposed exercises and lessons. Thanks a lot for making this excellent course available for free, it is one of the best of its kind that I have ever seen !
This is a very good course for Intermediate level. Through  6 weeks, we are not only improve the French language skills but also gain a lot of knowledge about France culture, gastronomy, place to visits, ... It "extremely useful not only for students who sill study in France but also for whoever wants to know about the France country in general. Big thanks to the producer team and PolyTechnique!
This course is will done, with structured lessons that can be taken at your preferred pace.The instructors are University professors with a robust experience in teaching the complex nuances of the French language. The enthusiasm they bring into connecting grammar with the practical aspects of everyday life and providing a taster of French culture and customs makes the course even more enjoyable.
This is an excellent course. It was a bit more advanced than where I believe my skills to be, but the way the material is presented, I was able to do the work and I feel it helped strengthen my abilities. And I felt encouraged despite having to work hard at a few things. The professors are very good, as well. The subtleties of the language are many! I will keep going.  Je vais continuer. Merci!
This course made me improve my French skills and I felt no pressure while taking it since I rescheduled the deadlines and I liked this flexibility.The teachers were amazing and very passionate about teaching which was very motivating!I would recommend this course for people who have been learning French for about a year, and they now want to push their limits with this intermediate course.
An excellent course that I would highly recommend.  The best MOOC I have every done for improving my French and great fun too.  I love the Coursera Platform, everything runs very smoothly and it is very easy to navigate.  This also adds to the pleasure of doing the course.  Congratulations to Coursera and the organisers of the MOOC for making this learning experience outstandingly good.
The course has been truly beneficial for me. I have learned French in 6 weeks better than I have learned at school for years, There were really lots of phrases, vocabulary, grammar rules, pronunciations I wouldn't have known without this course. I highly recommend it. I want to thank everyone that has worked on it and all the teachers, thank you for making my language so much better!
This is a well presented French course with very engaged professors. Since they keep you busy with different course materials and quizzes, you never get bored. I wished Coursera or Ecole Polytechnique would offer more French courses like this one. I can recommend this course to everyone who is at least at a B1 level and who is interested in learning French and developing his skills.
Cet cours à vraiment aidé mon Français! This was a well structured course that serves as great practice to several fundamental intermediate French concepts. I really enjoyed the bite-sized nature of the modules, which allowed me to allot around an hour each week day to work on my French. Highly recommended! Thanks to Ecolé Polytechnique for putting this wonderful course together!
Étudier en France: French Intermediate course B1-B2 is an excellent course to improve French language proficiency. It helps to enrich all four skills as well as grammar. The real time examples helps a student to increase his knowledge regarding real life situation. According to my point of view, it is the best course offers in the current market.Kazi Abu SanrazDhaka, Bangladesh
This course is really great as a kind of grand sweep repetition of all the French you already know. It's also a pleasant introduction into French life & culture, as well as university life. 10/10 would recommend to anyone who wants to brush up their French. The only thing it's missing is an opportunity to practice speaking, but that is simply due to the format of this course.
An EXCELLENT course that will help you improve your french language in all aspects "writing, listening, speaking and reading".Professional and acknowledged profs, impressing way of teaching. Good resources, examples and preferences, a lot of quizzes which were a bit difficult, but very helpful.Everything about my experiment with this course was just perfect.Thank you a lot.
If you have an intermediate level of French, this is a fantastic course to get to practice different skills while also learning about details and fun facts about French culture. Very well-rounded course. I just advise people to take it if they feel relatively comfortable with the language already. If you're too advanced or too much of a beginner it may not be the best fit.
This is one of the best courses of french I've ever attended. I love its structure for each week, the explanations, the quiz, etc. Additionally, teachers are really nice.
I wish they upload another course for level B2-C1 or even another course for the same level as this one (B1-B2) but with different topics. I would be delighted if I could continue studying with you.
Outstanding course!  I have finished level B2 elsewhere so for me it was a review.  As a review it was perfect easy review for me!  I think it may be hard though for those just starting at the B1 level but still doable.  The content is excellent and engaging throughout.  The course content includes some grammar, some cultural info, some vocab, and some pronunciation.
This course exceeded my expectations. I believe it really helped my grammar - which is the thing I struggle with the most. It gave me confidence, as the quiz's are multiple choice and you can redo them to improve your mark. This allowed me to improve my understanding as I had to examine the questions I got wrong and really understand them to get the right answer.
This is the only french language course on coursera and its the best, compared with my experience elsewhere. It was tough for me, but I can see that my resilience paid off and my command of the french language has improved greatly. I feel more confident with the language. Thank you for putting this together and I cannot wait for your next french language course.
This cours has learnt me so much about the French language and culture. Also, it provided me with a lot of resources that I hadn't known before. This will help me in the continuation of my learn process! At last I was quite amazed by how well the peer review system worked. Some other students we're also really motivated and it was fun to see other people's work.
When I started this course i thought i would drop it because I cant engage that easily to tasks voluntarily! I was quite wrong I loved it ! I learned a lot of new things especially when it comes to vocabulary! Thank you for your effort and thank you for sharing such an inspiring course concerning France and the french language! Un MOOC à ne pas manquer !!
Excellent course! Perfect for intermediate learners that wish to refresh their knowledge of the language without starting from zero. Addresses topics relevant to students, however, most of the course is also relevant for learners that are not students anymore. Interesting topics, good pacing, great teachers. Merci beaucoup! Highly recommmended.
This course was very helpful.  I especially benefited from the grammar and pronunciation sections.  I have studied French for years but learned things that I had never known.  I really liked the three instructors.  The topics for the peer-graded writing assignments were amazing.  They really made you think and use what you had been learning.
Enthusiastic instructors with superb communications skills complemented well-designed lessons that included film clips, lively graphics and interviews of French speakers from a variety of backgrounds: a helpful refresher course or as reinforcement to more detailed class instruction or self-study based on a text.
Not sure whether the level was indeed B1-B2, the course helped me immensely to start learning French again. Good material, good videos, more links to resources to consolidate learning could be provided. Not sure I would pay for this course though, the quantity (not quality) did not seem enough in my opinion.
This course is perfectly sophisticated. The working material used is very witty, interesting, enriching and teachers are always full of enthusiasm and energy what motivated me to continue. It would certainly help anyone planning to spend an exchange year in a French-speaking country.  Highly recommended!
This course was excellent, offering opportunities to improve in all facets of comprehension, expression and grammar.The method of drawing you into the subject with frequent questions and quizzes keeps the student actively involved. The cultural and historical references were much appreciated! Thank you!
I think this is an excellent course.  The video's, audio and quizzes are on task.   However, I am not at this level.  Unfortunately, I am at a lower level than what is presented here.  Hopefully you will offer something similarly produced, but at the A1-A2 level in the near future. Regards,Judy K. Cobbs
I really appreciated that the learning methods were different, from videos, answering quiz, reading, discussing, listening.. I really enjoyed doing this course. I believe it is well done and I am glad for possibility to postpone deadline one week if you really have lot of work. Thanks a lot for this!
Même s'il y a beaucoup de travail exigeant, le cours est très gratifiant et j'ai tellement appris en seulement six semaines. While there is a lot of demanding work, the course is very rewarding and I learned a lot in only six weeks. Merci à tous les professeurs! Thank you to all the professors!
Very useful course for French learners with some basic to advance the language. However, the course material can be a little challenging with some lengthy passages and advanced grammar. That said, the method of testing ensures fair grading so that those who are not too advanced can also excel
Really great course to strengthen your french level and aid you to get a solid B2, combining it with additional resources. Interesting lectures, diversity, depth, and very well organized, providing not only french training but also valuable information about France and le monde francophone.
If you've studied French in school, and suddenly need to be able to actually function in a Francophone country, this course is for you.  It's just the right combination of academic rigor and fun, interesting, immersive exercises.  It is well-paced, challenging and thoughtfully put together.
Great course, well structured so that you were building on elements learned from previous weeks. All tasks were the correct difficulty for an intermediate (B1-2) level speaker. Good variety in activities that covered all major aspects of learning the language i.e. speaking, listening etc.)
It was a good course to continue practicing French language. Vocabulary, lectures and videos demanded my attention and daily work to accomplish the tasks, so that I created a daily a weekly program to finish it, which it is good to give the proper importance to the studies.
The course is excellent; well structured, well paced, varied and interesting. i feel my understanding and knowledge of French has improved considerably. I would like to have had the opportunity to speak French  with others but I don't know how this could be achieved online.
Really nice course! You will learn a lot when you take this course. I really enjoyed it. The touchers explain everything very well. I loved that the entire course was in French, it threw me off at first glance but in the end that really completed the experience. Thank you!
Even though my French is A2 all the content of the first week was really complete, they cover all the aspects of the French Language and I can't wait to finish the course and be able to, at the end, understand its written, oral and spoken dialect. Thanks for this course.
It's a perfect course to improve your French skills. The professors are amazing, and the explanation is pretty accurate for everything. Furthermore, all the resources are pretty helpful and you never get bored, this is pretty useful in an online course. Félicitations!!!
This course is excellent. The material is well-organized, and presented clearly. The instructors are outstanding.  Everything is aimed at the student who will be studying in France-and in French - for the first time. Best of all, the class was challenging. thank you.
Great teachers, second-to-none resources, a helpful community, and lots of opportunities to connect and learn this beautiful language.Tip: Take notes during each listening or reading exercise; they ask you about some granular grammar of vocabulary aspects sometimes.
It’s a very refreshing online self-learning experience. I like most parts of it. Very clear course structure to follow, the materials are closed to daily life. I like especially the extracts from movies, news, interview etc. which enriched the learning experience.
This course is beautifully designed to make you fall in love with the French culture, help you understand the Uni system in France, dealing with many grammar/pronunciation points in a very clear manner. I really thank the three professeurs for their commitment!
An extremely well planned course for students who wish to improve their knowledge of French in terms of grammar, vocabulary, pronunciation, written & oral communication skills, French culture and civilisation. This course helped me a lot. Thank you very much.
Excellent course!! It improves your french and teaches you about how's life in france. It is a little advanced for a B1 in my opinion, so if you're new to french you may find it difficult, but with enough work you will pass it and learn a lot of new things.
Given the quality of other paid courses to learn French this course is without a doubt one of the best thing you could do to improve your French .Different topics every week , videos on grammar and everydaylife , quizzes , written texts and much more.10/10
Topics are really useful. The grammar points are those that really trouble us when learning and are given in a nice way. But really gold is how everything is interconnected with French culture and the needs a student that is moving in France may need.
Le meilleur cours, ces cours m'aide beaucoup, je le recommande fortement!This cours really help me and i really recommended, if you want to learn french you can start with this cours, les professeurs are really nice and they explique really good!
The course is very well structured course integrating all aspects of language learning - reading, writing and comprehension
The instructors are very good and conversant with the topics.
This is one of the best online courses that  i have taken.
This is an excellent course. I very much liked the variety of resources used to make it interesting and engaging. This course accomplish both the study of French and also invaluable information about living in France. I definitely recommend it!
This is very well-designed course I've ever attended!. I believe that I learnt different kinds of skills on reading, writing and vocabulary. Details from daily life, movie scenes and dialogues are instructive and pleasant! thank you so much.
This course has helped me a lot with my French. I liked how well it has been edited and also how informative it is despite its short duration. Congratulations to everyone involved in building this MOOC, I’m very thankful I’ve found it.
This course was very nice. It was built up in a nice way and showed how to use different techniques to catch and keep people. I also liked to get to know more about the french culture, which is also not always the case in school...
Well-structured course with rich contents on how to learn French language, to understand the system, and to overcome language and culture barriers. I highly recommend this course for anyone who wishes to visit and study in French.
maybe I found it I little bit long, it took me time to complete it but it was very good, this course has a lot of information, not only grammar topics but also cultural topics that are very interesting. Thank you to the teachers.
I've learned so much vocab and revised so much grammar, but most importantly, this course has inspired me to look at the possibility of studying in "l'Hexagone" itself! And it was lots of fun too. Thank you so much Polytechnique!
It's an amazing French course. I obtained and improved so many French skills through this course. Thank you so much for the help and organization of those who manage and produce a useful French course for international students.
A great course to go further with the basic French knowledge most of us have acquired at school. It is fun to do and not a burden. In six weeks you'll see great progress and will understand better this beautiful language! :)
Great course ! Very useful to the people that already have learned french by taking FLE classes. Excellent to review some structures and to know a little more about french culture by great professors at École Polytechnique.
Well-structured and interesting course, with clear sections of reading, listening, writing, pronunciation, and oral comprehension. It has helped me brush up on my grammar and develop my French further. Thank you very much!
Very useful to "freshen up" your French (B1-B2); even if you are not a student planning to move to France! Diverse learning materials / resources, reasonable amount of homework/workload, I totally recommend it!
This course is interesting, entertaining and rigorous. I felt like I was in college again! My level is lower intermediate so it was a bit of a stretch for me, but this course has helped me improve my French.
I can't believe this course was free. It was very well structured, with examples from film, music, and books. I was interested in getting a deep dive into French and I certainly got that. Would recommend!
Excellent course that provided challenge and enjoyment. I feel that my competences in French have progressed significantly as a result of taking this course. Would love to do another at the next level!
Very well organized. It is mainly designed for students who are interested in pursuing their studies in France, which was not my case; nevertheless, it was a great course and I learned a lot.
Thank you for your efforts! It was a fascinating course. I loved watching modern films, reading comics and looking and paintings. I feel like I've made progress while having fun. Great job!
After a long pause in my french education, this course was a great review of my previous studies.  it covers listening, reading, writing and pronunciation skills. I definitely recommend it.
Lots of different exercises, always interesting and always epanding my knowledge of french culture, I loev the layout and the thought that seems to have gone into this. Thoroughly enjoyed
An excellent course. Even though aimed at students planning to live in France, it also includes material of general interest. I especially liked the grammar and pronunciation sections.
Very entertaining - I didn't feel the usual "boredom" that I usually experience after having progressed a bit in some courses. It's also packed with many, many precious tips! Thanks!
This is by far, the best MOOCS for French learners. I love the teachers. The program is excellent. Even for beginners, you can learn and improve so so much! Definitely one of my fav!
This course is just awesome. The explanations, the exercises, and the examples it provides. I think it is a great way to improve the French language skills. It has helped me a lot.
Very helpful, well scaffolded, and interesting. Helped me to improve oral comprehension skills, French grammar knowledge, and knowledge about French culture. I enjoyed this course!
I am so very happy! The teachers are great, the content is interesting. It needs investment in time and effort (as everything) but the way the course is built makes it much easier.
Great course! I've learned so many new things, thanks to the great videos and exercises. The professors had done their job perfectly! Thank you so much for this great opportunity.
I was an A2, so this was difficult for me, but the instructors are excellent, their speech is very clear and the different modalities were much appreciated. Highly recommend!
really great course, great for revision and to learn or relearn grammar and vocab- I've remembered a lot and learned some new things, I'll be going over it from time to time
It was great! Lots of content, quizzes etc. The videos were clear and well explained. It helped me understand some grammar points I've been struggling with for a while.
Great course which is very helpful for me to get confidant to do my DELF exam. I really thank all the Professors and the instructions to provide this valuable course.
Great format and interface, and interesting content. It was challenging (especially the fact the instructors and instructions are only in French) but very rewarding!
Excellent way to improve your level of french even if not planning to travel to France for your studies. I loved all the tools and activities available. Thank you!!
I've enjoyed the course very much! It will help me with my plans of going abroad someday, and also with my academic life as a Ph.D. student. Thank you very much!
It is a great course for anyone who wants to improve their French language skill. It is about different stages of studying in another country, mostly in France.
Excellent course, great balance between grammar, oral, reading and writing exercises. Also gives you a good overview of French culture, traditions and heritage.
Great course for having a better understanding of the French language. Recommended even if you are not going to be part of an exchange program to France.
Great course! I feel I really improved overall. I can definitely understand more French now, and construct more grammatically-correct phrases in French.
Excellent course! My comprehension is vastly improved!  Professors are great.  Assignments are thought-provoking and the lessons are very accessible.
An amazing French course! Incredible lessons, resources and knowledge. Recommend strongly to all who want to deepen their studies in French language.
I loved this course. A lot of interesting material, videos, fun facts, grammar points... This is my favourite internet class so far. Congratulations.
Wonderful course! Recommended for those who is planning to move to France. It is very applicable, I regret I didn't find this course before moving.
This course has rich content and vigorous assessments. It is particularly useful for those who are going to start their higher education in France.
Really helped me to improve my vocabulary, the listening and the grammar too.Useful tools and links to support the study and the comprehension.
This course allow me learn a lot of vocabulary and French culture. In addition, I liked the proposed activities which were really interactive.
Really useful for me to improve my Frech: easy understanding lessons, useful tips, frenquently used vocabulary, useful pronunciation tips,...
This is a great course - very useful and interesting. I can recommend it for sure and would like to thank its authors - they did a great job!
C'est parfait! J'aime vraiment ce cours. I love these teachers. AND Actually I am looking forwrad to having more French courses on coursera.
I appreciated course a lot, because it was very variegated and one doesn't only learn about the language but also about the French culture
Very good course! Fun learning and includes good balance of all aspects of intermediate French (grammar, vocab, linguistics and culture)!
This is a great course that helps you revise french grammar and vocabulary whilst improving french pronunciation - I highly recommend it!
CURSO MUY BIEN ESTRUCTURADO, CON CONTENIDOS INTERESANTES. ME HAN ENCANTADO LOS PROFESORES, MUY PROFESIONALES Y ENTRETENIDOS. ENHORABUENA!
A great course, very well made and with interesting study materials. I enjoyed it and truly felt much more confident in my French after.
It was very useful not only to maintain my language level but also to learn about different aspects of studying in France. Thank you!
Course really well built, simple and easy to understand. Challenging and varied exercises. Excellent food for thought and deepening.
The course is excellent and is extremely helpful. To all the three professors, thank you so much :) !!!!!The course is very fun too.
Absolutely outstanding. I would gladly retake this course again if offered. Excellent course for intermediate level French students.
A very good course to practice and learn Intermediate French! Really recommended! I improved my French a lot thanks to this course!
Great from improving my French - explored stuff I hadn't even thought of! Loved the structure of the course and topics covered!
It was a wonderful course! I was able to learn a lot about the language and the culture with so many and different resources.
A great intermediate-level course to both brush up on your grammar and learn new concepts that build upon prior weeks.
Very good course, very challenging, extremely fun to do. Took a long time to complete, but definitely worth it. 100%
Trés interessant - also for people who are not going to study in France, but just want to brush up on their basics!
This is the best course I've taken about french grammar, they explain it very clear and I feel that I learen a lot.
This course is very complete easy to understand and regardless your level it has a lot of usefull things to learn.
If I didn't pay for the certified certificate, do I get any kind of proof for finishing this course? Great course!
I enjoyed this course very much and learned many things to improve my French. I hope there's a next French course
Very interesting, and gives a good balance of practice in reading, listening, writing, grammar and pronunciation.
excellent course, very professional, valuable content, oustanding explanations and examples. Highly recommended!!
exactly what a student needs, really helpful. i recommend it to students who want to continue their studies there
Fantastic instructors and instruction and very well put together. Hoping to see and enroll in a C2 course soon!
it was an excellent course.  I would have like more examples on the technical side, but was great nonetheless.
Great course really helpful and a special thanks to all the course instructions for their great presentation.
I really recommend this course to everyone who wants to study French, not only who wants to travel to France.
This course is extremely well organized, and it makes learning French enjoyable! So glad that I enrolled.
Definitely the best french course online. Well structured and carefully prepared. Keep up the good work!
I'm speechless. This course is the best course I've ever seen in terms of its content and organisation.
It was a very stimulating course which really helped hone my French skills. Very well designed indeed!
This course was very helpful for me and I am thankful for every piece of this course. Merci beaucoup !
This course is very complete and it really forced me to dedicate to the language. I highly recommend.
Great course. Nice video tutorials with plenty of examples. Clear explanations and useful activities.
Thank you very much for this course! It was very helpful! Looking forward to more courses like this!
It was very complete, with reading, writing, and listening exercises.  I enjoyed the entire course.
Excellent material with everyday situations. Good for people with an intermediate /advanced level
This was a complete course, covering all the aspect of learnig a language. I totally recomend it!
Excellent professors, challenging tasks and unvaluable lectures. One of the best MOOCs out there!
Excellent course. Itès very much a complete course that covers all areas. I highly recommend it.
great course. very practical. different types of materials. well organized. highly recommended
Excellent language course. So glad for the content and the media shared during the six weeks.
This course helped me a lot to improve my reading and listening skills. Highly recommended!
I liked so much. I learned about grammar, spelling and understanding the french language .
It's a well designed course for French beginner. Everything included, very comprehensive!
It is a wonderful course, with amazing professors, modern lessons and interesting topics.
Julie, Olivier, Isabelle, je vous remercie pour ce cours! Wow wow wow :) J'ai tout aimé!!
The course is really good and complete, the information is really interesting. I love it.
Great course! It's hard and requires time and effort. I definitely recommend it!Allez-y!
I recommend it! There are different approaches to make the student learn more and more!
Great course! A very helpful tool to certify and better my knowledge in the language!
This very good repetition of French language. The grammatic was very well explained.
Very well structured and interesting!  I have learned a lot and would recommend it.
Great course, teachers, syllabus and exercises are really helpful, I learnt a lot!
It's challenging and comprehensive, just what I needed to progress with my French!
Informative and entertaining. Thank you. Would love to create courses like these!
Exceptional course! The materials are well put together and it's well structured!
This class is intensive, it suits people who are at B2 Skill. It's a nice class.
This course can be recommended for people who are interested in learning french.
It is  a very interesting course and I wished there was an Advanced course too
This course has lots of great activities to improve your intermediate-French.
Great course for students and young professionals who want to live in France!
well structured and balanced cours. i really enjoyed learning it. thank you
Very informative and challenging. Thank you so much for all the hard work.
Very good course. Covered so many different aspects of the French grammar.
I enjoyed this course very much. The technology made learning online easy.
Excellent course for anyone who wants to learn intermediate level French.
It was an amazing experience! Loved every second of it, highly recommend!
A very good curse! It is structured and interesting. Highly recomend it!
Excellent course, the structure and thematics are very well intertwined.
I highly recommend this course to anyone preparing for the DELF B2 exam!
Am excellent course that really advances your understanding in 6 weeks.
That wasn't easy, but very interesting! Thanks a lot for opportunity!
Very good course and great content. Learnt a lot in these 6 weeks..
this ia an amazing course.  It weighs far more than what i expected
Very useful course for those intending to head to France to study.
I enjoyed it very much, and I've learned a few new things as well!
Excellent!!! Thank you very much for this wonderfull oportunity!!!
Very good choince if you have an intermediate level in french!
An interesting and step-by-step approach in learning French.
really a course which prepares you for your career in france
fantastic course, hope the same team develops another one.
I appreciate this chance to understand the french culture!
Very nicely done cours with lots of practical information.
it is excellent for developing written and grammar skills.
Definitely one of the best language courses I've ever done
Loved this course and the fact that it is 100% in French.
I am never going to forget what I learned in this course.
Fantastic course for reviewing your knowledge of french!
good to complete for furthering your education in french
Great course! I wish there was the same thing for C1-C2
Thanks for everything!! It’s been an amazing journey!!
Very interesting content! I learned a lot! Thank you!
This is really a good course. I fully recommend it.
It is a fantastic course, thanks to the creators!
Excellent course with great content and feedback.
Amazing course to be done. Very well structured.
great course and amazing professors! than you!
Very good course with a lots of exercises.....
Really good course, I learn a lot! Thank you!
amazing course! i've learned so many things !
Its knowledge enhancing and very great course
Appris beaucoup. Grand
cours. Merci beaucoup.
This course is intensive, but very fruitful
Excellent course for intermediate students.
Useful course, great resources, well paced.
great course. The bald guy is pretty funny
I loved the course. Really reccommend it!
Very good course. I'm sad it is over! :)
It was an amazing experience, thank you!
such an excellent classes thanks a lot
Very complete and engaging, excellent!
It's a very good course. I recommend.
Great Courses, Great way of teaching
The contents are very good! Bravo!
It's really practical and helpful.
extremely useful and entertaining
Looking forward for a C1 course!
Great course for learning French
A very enriching course indeed!
very useful course! I liked it.
Very good and credible course!
Very very completed and good!
Super MOOC for learn French
Very comprehensive module!
Excellent and challenging
Very useful and thorough.
best course ever learn
Course is very helpful
Concise and effective!
well designedc course!
Thx a lot very good.
very helpfulthanks
You are the best!
