Feels underwritten by the DEA, and aimed at perhaps high school students? Very slow pace; info could've been distilled into less than half the lectures (I completed the '7 weeks' in 3 days). Doesn't really distinguish between users without serious problems & addicts (which I believe amplifies gateway effects & experimentation once people meet users who aren't brain damaged or addicts). Creates an exaggerated and arbitrary distinction between prescribed drugs as all good and recreational as all bad, and dismisses any possible benefits of substances that are not legal, noting only that medical marijuana has been helpful for HIV patients, which is certainly an understatement. Components are also helpful for cancer patients, anxiety, and more. Perhaps break this into studies of common drugs, how they work, & effects and separately, the mechanisms of addiction and treatment. However, I appreciated the 'reduce harm' policy economics.
have seen a few first lectures re definitions of additions, drugs etc. Not particularly impressive - it didn't seem to be based on the current scientific evidence in the domain to me, so not too encouraging to continue. de-enrolling.
Really disappointing course. Content is shallow, despite the impressive credentials of the Professor. Quizzes are ridiculously easy.
A lot of prejustice in the way teacher is explaining. I think this course is aiming for addicted students.
very boring and didn't learn anything i didn't already know. this was more like watching an anti drug propaganda film that I couldn't finish it.
Interesting to say the leastWhy cant i access my certificate. I paid and successfully passed
Unable to even start it... Click on videos of week 1 and nothing happens
yeah i would give zero if possible. very shallow and general, cannot learn much from it. if u want a course about neuroscience there's way better course than this. what the hell emory? what hte hell coursera? i feel less and less sincerity in coursera's mooc these days. edx is doing a much better job in my perspective.
If possible, I would give this course zero stars.  It provides an incredibly closed minded view towards all topics and provides very minimal factual information.  The makers of this course, and especially the instructor, obviously have had very little to no experience of any kind with most of the topics they discuss.
When I enrolled I thought that it was free. But after complaining  the first week’s work and doing the homework, it will not grade me until I upgrade. Either I missed something or this was very deceiving on your part.
Too slow, not enough visual material, not well structured. Shallow, whole program could be packed down to just 3 lectures.
I am very interested in this topic however I found the instructor's presentation to be so monotonic and slow paced that I dropped out. I am sure he knows his material cold and I am sure that he is much better "live" in class. The readings were appropriate and the course out line solid. However this is not his media. And I have done the "talking to the camera" thing and it can be deadly for presenters.  It is not BTW an "age thing"; I am older than he, I am sure, and do not ask that presentations be entertaining - just that they be engaging.  (Perhaps if Coursera had lecturers present in front of small groups, as "Great Courses" does? It is unfortunate that (as I understand it) Coursera doesn't offer a "free look" with the option to transfer one's fee to another course if unhappy. Hope this is constructive for both the lecturer and Coursera.
Information strays between ridiculously shallow and unnecessarily deep (e.g. the stuff about GPCRs is so far removed from importance when discussing addiction). Most of the time the questions are poorly worded and thoughtless, and the whole thing reminds me of a bad high school class. Some parts border on misinformation, does seem almost as if it's been underwritten by the DEA. Paints a very distinct picture, a picture with an agenda and really incomplete portrayal of addiction. Points for trying though.
I may be a bit harsh in my review because I found the material to be so basic as to be a poor use of my time. This conclusion is furthered by the dull presentation. It was very slow, lacked depth, and was delivered in an uninteresting way. Such a critically-important and fascinating topic could have been so much more engaging. Thank you. Anne
as i personally studied medical marijuana and seen its effectiveness in mediating PTSD and reducing stress and pain in cancer patients first hand, and that it in this tow cases at least manage the problem way better that opium, and never ever seen an overdose, demonizing it in the course is not appealing to me..
As a career dieter who is constantly reading about causes of obesity, I can't say I learned anything too earth-shattering.  However, the research discussed does support what I have learned from listening to the podcasts from the Institute for the Psychology of Eating.
Quite boring, a lot of propaganda against drugs. Sometimes data is presented in misleading ways to make the harm from drugs look greater. Though if  you are new to the topic, you may consider to take the course as it contains some useful information.
Not much of information, not deep, a lot of repeating, speaker is very slow, feels like NLP
Not very informative, and too simple. Also, there is way too much repeating
Very informative but very dry presentations.
I was a bit disappointed about the lack of exposure to different models for thinking about addiction and the effects of addiction on the brain. Current theories were presented as "facts"; correlations were presented as causation without further considerations of alternative perspectives. It was a satisfactory very basic overview of current thinking about addiction, but would benefit from a wider consideration of different models.
Maybe because I am a med graduate already I expected much more from this course. It was ok, but my impression was always like there was too much of talking what important stuff is going to be discussed, but not really the facts themselves. I would rather learn more practical knowledge. Anyway I learnt some new things as well.
I think it should have "Introduction" somewhere in its title because the lectures are not so deep. Anything that it covers can be found in the professor's book or in any pharmaceutical book. So, if you have some knowledge about it, maybe this course isn't for you. But if you want to start on this topic, it may be helpful.
The course satisfied me in various aspects. It is brief and clear. Thank you for our instructor for nice presentations. Nevertheless, I would expect more about pharma and treatment apporaches. More about drugs available in the markets and new trends. Psychotherapy applications / demonstrations would be very useful.
Course give very good information, but the "The addicted brain" its not the correct name.Second part of the course give more detail information about different drugs and body biology, but its not directly related to the Brain.However, the training its very good, just change the label.
Knowledgeable professor. Distracting background. I prefer direct eye contact rather than having the professor sometimes filmed not looking directly at the camera. But the course gave excellent information and I enjoyed it.
I learned some important concepts, but all of the material was repeated many times. If the redundancy of information were eliminated, imagine how much more students of this course could learn!
Worth skimming fast through for free to learn a little something about the brain. Don't expect to learn much about the brain though. The title is a little misleading.
Maybe too easy... And too focused on the society more than on the brain itself. Enjoyed it though.
Well, I expected more and more debt, It seems the course is oriented to the general public.
I will rated number 3 because I want to learn more new stuff about protections of my body.
I thoroughly enjoyed this class, and appreciate all of the information it entailed.
very general information. good, but id prefer more in-deptht teachings.
Somewhat too simple, but still a good basic introduction.
Did not like that I have to upgrade just to take a quiz
Very interesting as lay person interested in topic.
The extra reading material provided is outdated
Interesting but really introductive
Looks to be an interesting course.
So simple, not enough informative.
the questions are not very serious
Overall, it covers good topics for an introductory course on addition, accessible and interesting. I do have two major feedback remarks: (1) the content jumps from simplistic to quite complex back and forth that can be frustrating. there are sections i almost could fast forward to, and others i had to listen 2-3 times in order to understand (mostly, this is about the biological mechanisms describe - by far the most interesting part of the course, so would have loved for these parts to be more detailed and more of them); (2) the tone is often unnecessarily preaching 'you should stay away from drugs...etc'. i see no room for this in an academic course. stick to the evidence, as it is more convincing. overall, a more balanced delivery would do good. Thank you!
This course was particularly helpful and explanatory to someone like me, who has little knowledge of the processes of substances in the human brain and the effects of drugs in general. I enjoyed almost every lecture's content and the way the whole course was structured. However, I do think that the way the lectures were delivered was a bit dry and that more perspectives on the drug addiction issue could have been presented.
It was informative but felt that the instructor was somehow too confident of his position, though he did give lip service to other positions. I am not sure why this bothered me, since I agree with the importance of being compassionate and the misguidedness of a punitive stance towards addiction. And in fact, it has nothing to do with the course.  I would also have enjoyed seeing more and/or more detailed case studies.
Simple and easy to learn course. I would have love to have more specific details and more scientific data on the physiology and treatment, but I think gives a good first introduction to the subject. Would love to a continuation course in more detail, in which the professor could actually share his knwoledge!Also would have liked more animations, sometimes it feels too slow making it hard to saty focussed.
I was just curios to know about drugs and how it works and the impacts of it to a human being and society. This course is good for a beginner and gives a kind of very brief idea on how , what and why of Drugs. I am from a non medical background but majority of the courseware had good examples and explains stuff to make me understand.
The course gives a very comprehensive overview of what drugs are and how it affects the brain, as well as practical advice for person and government. It addresses the issue in a scientific but simple way, that makes people really understand what we are dealing with, especially with the concept of comorbidity.
It was a great course. I really appreciate that the lessons were not that long. However I feel that the course can use more animations such those used here. I feel I dud learned a lot about addictions, something that is very important because I do work as an addiction counselor. Thank you so much!
Very well-presented course with excellent illustrations. Gives a good overview on addiction with pharmacology, with good links to further reading. I found the title slightly misleading though, as the course presented very little information on brain physiology except for the dopamine receptors.
Really an interesting course and talk about problems of drug use and its effect on people and society in minute details. Also, it focuses on the alarming rate of drug use and the policies of government against drugs in details. Ultimately, one can enjoy the videos and learn a great deal.
This is an interesting course for anyone who wants to understand drug addiction on many levels, physiological, psychological and societal. The main focus of the course is the effect of drug addiction on the brain, but prior knowledge of neurology is not required.
Very good introduction to why people become addicts. Key points are learnt are our brains are wired to be addicted, addiction is a brain disease and needs to be seen and treated as such and that coffee which i drink everyday is a drug!
I found this course fascinating as I have no background in this at all. Sometimes it went very in depth (way over my head) but overall I learned so much. I highly recommend the course to anyone with a family member who is an addict.
Effective drug education is important because young people are faced with many influences to use both licit and ilicit drugs . this course is very much informative and full package of knowledge about various addicted type of drugs.
I enjoyed this course overall. I think I would have like to looked deeper into the neurophysiology behind addiction, but understand that can get pretty complex and would probably require a larger curriculum. Thanks for the lessons!
While providing some knowledge about drugs and drug-addiction, I would have preferred a more in-depth guide into the inner workings of the brain related to drugs. Nevertheless it served as a good introduction to addiction.
Very comprehensive on all aspects on drug addiction, though a bit too difficult for those without any medical or biological background knowledge. More animations / diagrams for illustration would make the course better.
I enjoyed the material and flow of topics presented. I did have some trouble getting a few of the videos to load in the module on Neurotransmission (week 5), which was unfortunate. Very interesting, thanks!
A great and informative course. Very clear and interesting! I would have appreciated a bit more if it discussed more tips to help prevent/deal-with drug abuse or addiction. Thank you for the course!
Well designed course.  I have a couple of close family members who are addicts...pills and gambling.  I highly recommend this class.  The professor is excellent and I've benefited from his lectures.
This is a useful basic refresher course for anyone who works or volunteers in the substance abuse field. I wanted to know the latest brain research and get an update on the various drug categories.
I found the course very interesting and easily explained, I think that marihuana use should be rewied due to the several estudies from 2017 untill 2020. Great course, I recomend it.
This is a very good introductory course on the various aspects of addiction. I wish they would introduce a second part with more comprehensive  information.
This is a very interesting course.  Some of the material is pretty difficult, but it is presented in a clear manner.  I learned a lot from the professor.
Real interesting and useful course, but since it's not my major, though sometimes hard for me to understand some concept. Still quite good! Nice teacher!
Fairly interesting course. I learned quite a bit I can say from taking this class. Some of the content seemed irrelevant. But overall a great course!
A great insight into the addicted brain and what can be done about it all. A great broad introduction into drug addiction and the brain.
Great course. It could have been a little more dense with technical information, but it was excellent for a broad overview of the topic.
sincerely. it was a great trip that was so fun .I had learned a lot of things that change whole picture about addicts , thanks so much
The information was great. My only complaint would be how dry the lectures were, and I do not meant the content, I meant the delivery.
This was very informative and right on the mark with how society feels and what is available in the lines of treatment/help.Thank you.
A great overview of relevant material and a well negotiated outline of how harm reduction can positively impact longterm drug abuse.
A very interesting course with a wide range of educational material. Perhaps could be a little more challenging though.
Great course, wish if it was focused more on the glutamate and dopamine roles in addiction and relapse. thank you
quick course, focused on how rehab could work - insightful and thorough for the length - good clear professor.
Great course into the physiological aspects of addiction and brain psychology. Please have expand the course.
a very in depth course at times the technical jargon could get a bit confusing for the average lay person
Very comprehensive but easy to follow. I only regret the "pro animal testing" proselytism here and there.
Briefly introduce some concepts of the drug use and some in neuroscience, a good introduction course.
I learned a lot in this course. I thought the rat experiments were very interesting and revealing.
The content was great, the presentation was a bit dry, but I feel I got a lot out of this course.
Interesting overview. The teacher is clear and competent. Lacks opinion of differents sources
Well-structured and very factual. Also many resources made available for further learning.
So far, very educational , would appreciate if the videos would be little more discriptive
This course has really upgraded my thought about drugs and their effect to the brain.
The instructor for this class is pretty boring, but do really like the course itself
i have tested my knowledge about addiction so thanks to coursera for that chance.
A lot of trying to sell a book I noticed but other than that good work
Not geared toward those in the medical field, but still interesting.
Its all you would want from the course. Informative and efficient.
Brilliant Michael Kuhar. thanks Coursera. Best wishes
This is a great beginner course on addiction.
This is an excellent way of to understand,
Great contribution to healthy humanity.
Very clear  and organized materials.
The epidemiology is out of fdate
this is very informative coures
This course taught me the intricacies of our brains and drug use. As an addict it was very informative and it helped in my decision to quit abusing drugs and to be clean and sober. As of the date of this review, I have been sober for 2 years. Thank you for offering this course and for granting me financial aid to pay for the course. Coursera has helped to turn my life around in a positive way.
A  really  good  course! It  is wide  in  scope with good depth of  the  data presented  yet  is  done in a  simple and non-complicated way .Relevant literature  and  refernces were  also  intorduced which  I  appreciated .I  do recommend  it  to all  my  collegues at  the  clinic where  I work !
Addiction is a major problem in the U.S. I wanted to gather as much information as possible to understand both the problem and some the major solutions to successfully attack the problem. This course is one I highly recommend to anyone who is concerned and who may wish to work to help reduce drug addiction. Dr Kuhar has offered a great learning experience.
Lectures are very easy to follow and covers a lot of information. The extra reading suggested is very useful and helps to understant drugs and their consequiences. I think this course is interesting enough to get deeper into every topic mentioned.
This a Complete Course, as I was expecting it to be in my best hopes and much more. It covers all sides and shadows of drugs and addiction and analyse the phenomenon a very deep but comprehensible way, even in the most scientific lessons.
Great course on the effects on drugs for the brain. Great for me and will have my children go for it as soon as they are old enough. The professor's commitment to harm reduction is touching
Helped me understand why my left my family for a life of meth addiction. I am thankful that it has reduced my stress and anger ove3 what she has done. even a small amount of understanding
Excellent and interesting course on a very important topic. Very professional production and high quality lectures. It was quite easy, apart from the brain chemistry sections.
The Addicted Brain provided me the foundation to have the conviction to be at the frontier of a community owned initiative to help the Philippines War on Drugs.  The Harm Reduction Principle is the applied principle with Magnesium Mineral as agent for detoxification to address SAWS.  As a Naturopath Doctor, I have been using Minerals in treating variety of ailments of my patients. Among these minerals  is an End Stage Renal Failure case for dialysis which was cleared "NO DIALYSIS NEEDED"  by his Physician after his Minerals Therapy. Others are symptoms of Substance Abuse Withdrawal Syndrome due to other health conditions such as Insomnia, Depression, Involuntary Muscle Movement, Muscles Pain, Anxiety, Brain Fog, Pins and Needles, and others.   The Addicted Brain Course is a must course for those who are working in the field of Drug Addiction.
well, since i got stocked with my university homework, i couldn't get the chance to finish this course as i was expecting to. but, definitely i would like to let you know that this has been an amazing journey for me, an ADHD who is obligated to be on ritalin so that the society gets comfortable around me. although it never made me feel better about myself, but it made people around me to stop complaining about my energy. after all, i am still an addict to this pill, but at the end, thanks to Emory University guys, i succeeded to know my body and what it goes through when i tend to not be ADHD. i have never got to reach the treatment parts, but at least i'm going to give a lecture on the side effects of ritalin in university. at the end, thanks, for letting us know. that was the best gift ever :)
The course is excellent and conveys all that needs to be conveyed in short modules that are simple and at the same time explanatory. There is an option of treatment for addiction to alcohol and drug use  wherein completely stopping the substance is achieved through an in house residential treatment that is absolutely voluntary and that incorporates  along with Counseling, various Meditation techniques that have proven to be psychotherapeutic along with introspective writing ; wherein family counseling  and therapy is given equal importance .  all this in a non judgemental accepting loving luxurious environs.  Please visit www.anatta.in Thank you !Dr.Sujatha Nair
The course gives you a new vision in several ways, some of them: the addictions are related to alterations in brain function given by neurotrasmamisores as is more chronic drug use in the brain damage is reflected in general. Another very important point policy to reduce the harm allows an opportunity for these people, not only reduces the social and personal costs, but overall health, so too for drug courts. And the work to avoid .estigma for people addicted.
 I was invited to read and study about it, and learn more. Thank you very much to all the team at Coursera, congratulations to Dr. Michel H.
I  recently graduated with an MSW. I concentrated my course load on children and found addiction knowledge to be lacking upon graduation.  Too many families are affected by addiction and in good conscience I couldn't work with children and their families without learning more. This was extremely helpful and the course gave me more passion and knowledge concerning children and addiction in terms of vulnerability, prevention, risk and protective factors. The instructor was wonderful, non-judgmental and very informative. I loved the neurobiology explanations as well.  Thank you!!!
This course is very helpful. I have kept learning this course and completed the quiz. It helps me understand the mechanism of the addiction, what is dopamine and how it works, the class of the illicit drugs, the animal self-administration model and what can I learn from the animal experiment, the vulnerability for addiction, and risk and protective factors of addiction, neuroimaging studies of addiction. Most of all, I have a better understanding of addiction. The pronunciation of the Professor is so clear and helps me to improve my English. Thanks very much. I enjoy it.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. This has given me plenty of material to discuss with friends and family regarding the effects of drug use, not just through description of symptoms, but also being able to describe how drugs affect neurotransmission in the brain. I have a few friends who have struggled with addiction and this has not only opened up an avenue for me to speak to them about addiction but also helped me understand why they continue to relapse into drug and alcohol abuse. Thank you very much for this course - I learned so much!
Woaao i, MALANDILA Juste Elysée confirm you that this course has been amazing, but our wonderful lecture made it possible by his obvious teaching skills. I have learn so much about news good concepts, i have deepen my  insight of the addicted brain and most important Complete my Qualification as a MASTER's Degree holder in Fundamentale & Applied Toxicology" & Biochemistry (BSc)....So guys for those who are interested " I Strogngly invite you to benefit & maybe change your perceptive of the ADDICTED BRAIN & more....
I found it very interesting and educational. eventhough I can't agree whn he said that it's not needed the agrement of the addicted to be succesful in treatments, such as court mandates. I strongly believe that willling is needed. in treatment, the drug or addiction is not even near, but in real life it is, and the memory of the "good feeling" and the idea of having succeded, might make them go over again and again. it is needed the acceptance and willingness of the patient to be really succesful.Thank you.
Absolutely loved this course! Concepts are well explained and simplified. Definately reccomend this course to those who want to learn about the different types of drugs, its mechanism, who is vulnerable to drugs, etc. This course has changed my perspective towards substance abusers and helped me understand that addiction is a disorder of the brain and how important it is for us to show compassion towards the victims and break the stigma attached towards drug-addicts.
A general introductory course on the biological basis of drug addiction. It is very well-explained, with supporting graphs and animations, which facilitate the understanding of the phisiological mechanisms. At the same time, the lectures raise thought-provoking questions and encourage the student to continue exploring many different areas of research around the vast world of drug addiction at a biological, personal, or social level. Fascinating and instructive.
This course was beyond informative. I too have been exposed to those afflicted by addiction and am to deal with it on a daily basis with those whom are in life even now. The information taught in an "Easy To Learn" manner by Dr. Kuhar was incredible. I now understand the functioning of an "Addicts" brain much more thoroughly. I'm grateful this course was a presentation in which I was honored to be able to be a participant.
An extreamly interesting and enlightening course. The instructor, professor Kuhar, is an incredible lecturer with very pleasurable voice and amicable attitude. The topics of drugs and addiction is discussed on many levels, from phisiology to societal changes. I would certainly recommend this course to anyone who wish to better understand the problem of addiction because of either personal reasons or academic interest.
The individual course topics were evenly distributed and presented in a meticulous, thorough, as well as elaborate manner. The lecturer was inviting and encouraging, whereas the technical specifications of the video lectures and quizzes were exceptionally good. In overall, the ''Addicted Brain'' course positively predisposes me towards opting for more courses provided and sponsored by the Emory University.
As a trainee lawyer I found this course quite good and helpful. 

In Portugal we have a lot of drug issues. Knowing how drug addiction works in the human brain might be helpful, especially on court, where some individuals are convicted for drug issues when, sometimes, it's not only their choice. 

Thank you for the course. I hope there are more courses available for this kind of issues.
A very informative course on various addictions due to drugs and the problems caused by addiction to the drugs both in the short run and long run. This course also focuses on the various aspects of legal and illegal drugs, various classes of drugs, neurotransmitters, etc. Overall, it's a great course with follow up questions at the end of each lecture. Recommended for everyone...
This course is amazing and well-taught by a wonderful emeritus professor. As someone interning at the ER from 7-5 PM every weekday, the course load for this course is not unbearable. I was able to complete at least 4-5 videos every day while at the ER. Now that I have completed the course, I have a better understanding of how addiction precautions can be applied at the ER.
One of the finest courses of the Coursera. The topic is interesting as to how certain release of chemical neurotransmitter is involved in day to day life factors . The experiments and scanning of the brain imaging techniques show how the brain responds in various factors like how a drug addicted brain differs from the normal brain in metabolism. Interesting
I did this course last year, since I had psychological knowledge so it was not too hard to understand all the concepts. What really attracts me is the forum, I just tried to post my question about assignment at forum, then quickly got a reply from my peer, from then on, I started to participate on forum discussion and did learn a lot. So, come to join us!
Highly rated course.A very good choice for youngs and seniors with addiction or not. Very important to prevent addictive trends and to help addicted people, because Dr Michael KUHAR explains very clearly and very simply with a choice of experiment and other examples, complex brain behaviors. Thank you to Emory University and to Coursera too.
This course was absolutely great, somehow sometimes difficult because I am not english native and neither in a medical field. All the knowledge I discovered is so interesting! And it also helps to open one's mind to see drug addiction and drug users with an other point of view! Thank so much for the quality of your course. Martine
I have taken 7 courses in coursera till now, and among all I find this one the best one. The course was structured beautifully, with case studies, reviews and good end week quizes. The professor was amazing and I truly learnt a lot.I would like to thank emory university for giving me such a great learning experience.
I found this course well structured and concise. It covered a lot of the subject with up to date information. It had helpful diagrams and gave good real life examples. Highly recommend for everyone to help understand substance misuse and possible treatments. Also it's role in the wider society.
I learnt so much about addiction and what it does to the brain...I wish I known this since I was a teen. I have been sharing my learning with my family and friends and looking forward to helping my community in this aspect. Thank you ever so much for such valuable AND LIFE SAVING INFORMATION!
I am a graduate student of counseling.  This course added a dimension to my coursework and future career that was both needed and very much appreciated.  Ideas are broken-down into understandable portions.  It is helpful to have some knowledge of how neurons work and terms associated therein.
One of the best courses about Drugs, taking them in an objective way, very interesting and complex enough for undergrads, it's good to know also about policies, treatment and decriminalization. Would like to be in a course focused only in pharmacokinetics of drugs by the same insitution.
I have completed the course. 😇 I think, Michael J. Kuhar is an amazing instructor and I am impressed by his teaching capabilities. It was quite easy to follow the whole materials. Loved this course and eagerly waiting to do more courses on addiction. Thank you Coursera and Mr. Kuhar.❤️
Listening to this course by Michael Kuhar gave an immense feeling of satisfaction of understanding a complex subject in a simpler way and that too with interest. Adding to the icing is the review towards the end of each week and after last week. The best on Coursera so far! Thank you!
The Course had a good view of the Drug classes and the structured ways of getting out of it, the compulsions and  the related health syndromes that makes one to relapse.This is a good course for any one who wants to get to the ways of Brain functions and the drug interactions.
Great course.  I liked the deadline notification option.  I also liked the opportunity to complete work at my own pace with the final deadline the end of the course.  With my busy schedule, this option was wonderful and allowed me to complete all of the assignments for credit.
Lessons are very informative and some in the advanced weeks can be very challenging if you do not have a science background. But all round, the professor explains all concepts very clearly and gives review questions at the end of every video lesson. The quizzes are good too.
This course is a fairly good course if you want to learn the basic mechanisms that  underlie substance abuse and the consequences on an individual and the society as a whole. It is substantiated with research studies and gives you a pretty comprehensive understanding of it.
The course was very well structured and with the right amount of information for beginners. I would love to deepen my knowledge in future courses about other types of "addictions" such as how the mechanisms of food reward happens and leads humans to emotional eating issues.
This has really helped me have a better understanding of addiction. I am a high school human development teacher, and I will be able to give this information to my students and feel more confident about it. It will strike some interesting conversations, and I cannot wait!
A wonderful and enlightening course with clear and precise explanations on how does a drug influenced brain function. The course also looks into human and animal behaviour and the nature of addiction and motivation. I recommend it to anyone interested in the matter.
I enjoyed thIs course very much. I had very lIttleI learned a great deal about the mechanisms involved in drug addiction , drug policy, and risk and protective factors. The professor was knowledgeable  and taught  in a very understandable way.
I found the course to be very informative.  I volunteer in the Drug Courts and work with Homeless and Ex-felons, many of whom have substance abuse and co-occurring issues.  The information in this class, will greatly help me in my work.
Lovely course. Really learnt a lot more about Brain Science for my research. And the summary at the end of each module was very thoughtful and immensely helpful. Thank you for this wonderful effort. I am addicted to the brain now :)
excellent course, just the right length. So useful for my work, I volunteer full time in a drug and alcohol recovery service, although we do go on a lot of courses I found this to be very useful .many thanksAll the best Gabrielle
I  found this course to be very enriching in understanding the physiological reasons why the person addicted acts and thinks in a peculiar way and also very enlightening as to why the relapse is so frequent in recovering addicts
I enjoyed all the lectures. Dr. Kuhar's calmness and enthusiasm for the subject was inspiring.I live in Canada and our laws and policies are slightly different but I still appreciated reading about laws and policies in US.
As a medical student from Turkey, I can say Mr. Kuhar is a great scholar and lecturer and I've learnt so many things during this long e-journey. I am thankful to Emory University and Prof. Kuhar for arranging this course.
I found both the course content and the Professor very engaging and thorough.  I appreciated the methodical manner the scientific content was provided and the visuals were absolutely key to helping me to completely grasp.
This course is an amplified knowledge basket that can settle in any person who is directly or indirectly affected of substance addiction or abuse. It is great to have available this kind of courses, highly recommended.
I am really very happy with the course and the way my professor has taught me . I came to know a lot of new things and im glad to be a step further than my friends . I definatly suggest my friends also thanking you
Very insightful, although some of the assignments were a bit easy. Perhaps we could have a discussion of the 'rat park' experiments and maybe even the possibility that some drugs can be used for recreational use?
Short and very understandable lectures. Very interesting topic and the professor is very good and a master on this topic. No need for background on neuroscience since the professor explains everything very well.
I thought this was a great course on learning how drugs affect the brain.  Everyone who has dealt with someone addicted to drugs should watch this.  It gives you a better idea of what people are going through.
this is an amazing course and there is a lot to learn. the course director took his time to explain things for even a layman to understant. Perfect course with perfect lectures. I loved every aspect of it.
One of the best course. Before I took up this course I have negative feelings towards the drugs addicts. But this course completely change my behavior and opinions towards them. Thank you so much.
I learned a lot from this course that I have been able to use in a ministry capacity. If you are trying to help others with addiction or understand it for yourself, this is the course for you.
This course is truly wonderful, many intellectual mind-opening surprises... for example I almost fell out of my chair when I learned of vaccinations development effort to counter addiction.
The course was much deeper than I thought and it covered advanced concepts. I am overall extremely satisfied as I was able to enhance my knowledge of on the subject of drugs in particular
Thank you for an inspiring and informative course.  The material has taught me much about my life and work and how to make a difference in the world.  Most inspiring.  Thank you!
very comprehensive insight into brain functions and their impairment through drug use, together with useful hints on how to deal with the phenomenon and how to help those in need
This is a very well structured, very well explained course. It gives an original insight into the workings of the human mind, and how substances can impact it in various ways.
I liked the course very much. And hope more and more people will take it and share the obtained information with others, so we can prevent the society from taking the drugs.
The course taught me a lot about how brain gets addicted, What happens in our body after taking drugs, why the test and screen for drugs designed in particular way, etc.
This course was a perfect beginning to understand the basics of how drugs affect the brain and to elicit the interest in knowing more about about these drugs. Thank you
This was an extremely interesting course. Dr. Kuhar does a phenomenal job of diving into the mechanisms and complexities of addiction and what happens to the brain.
Addiction is not only about smoking and alcohol and  drugs, its way way beyond that and thanks to Dr. Michael Kuhar and the Emory university for revealing it to me.
Very good and general overview of the biological and social issues around addiction. It's the perfect primer or refresher -- depending on your state of knowledge.
Excellent course! Professor is enthusiastic about the subject and conveys this to the students.  Great course for grappling with the issues created by addiction.
This was a nice experience. I have learnt many new things .It was interesting and full of information. Thank you Prof. Michael Kuhar for those nice lectures.
I´m a PsyD student, and I am very grateful for this course. It´s helping me a lot to review all the material and to answer a few doubts.  Highly recommended.
A fun, informative course with a lot of information about various addictions, the science thereof, and their impact on society.  Highly recommended to all.
As a pharmacist all this information was really useful, in fact it was a brief summary about this serious issue our current communities. Thanks Coursera!
One of my Top favourite courses which helped me understand a lot about the mechanisms and factors underlying any addiction.Top course! Strongly recommend
This course help me a lot to understand the phenomenon of Addiction. Thank you course era for such a great platform provided to Student. Thank you again.
Very useful for teachers, students, health professionals, drug users and families affected by addictions. Technical, professional and serious approach.
Dr. Kuhar was able to deliver a wide view of the subject in a short course. I had some background on the subject and I still think it was worth taking.
Very informative, though I would recommend getting a little background on how the brain works in general, it will help you get more out of this course.
The lecturer explains the facts really good and determined! as someone who English is her second language it is really easy to understand the material.
Thank you for this course, professor Kuhar. I really appreciate the organization and the contents. I appreciate your deeply interest for this subject.
Very comprehensive and well-delivered course- would definitely recommend to anyone hoping to learn more about addiction and the mechanisms behind it!
i cannot really pay for the course.need financial help.hoping for a positive responsei want to enrolll in this course because i find it interesting.
it is a wonderful course, nut it has only one problem is it doesn't vary in its questions. the questions in the lectures is same in the quizzes.
To the point, very appealing and the professor I amazing! I have been getting so much useful information and details about the brain of addicts.
I am absolutely loving this course. The lecturer is extremely thorough in his explanations. Thank you so much for giving me this opportunity. 😊
Excellent course; Michael Kuhar presented the information in an easy-to-understand manner and I learned lots about addiction from this MOOC.
Very helpful and informative course. And a course which must be taken by every youth to understand the drugs and how they effect the brain.
Excellently presented course. Very informative. Some really good recommended links to read along side the course context. Well thought out.
Very interesting and comprehensive. Very helpful and exhaustive data, corroborated from various fields of knowledge. Thank you very much!
Very satisfied with the quality of the information. Thank you teacher, thank you Emory, and thank you Coursera. Lic. Rodrigo M. Álvarez.
awesome   course , very much inclusive  , it offers all that I needed to know in helping my organization have great impact on society.
excellent course, thanks to Dr. Michael Kuhar, Ph.D. for so many things taught and for all the knowledge he shared. I am very  happy.
This course is very useful, practical and very easy to understand. It has really given me new insights into the disease of addiction.
I have enjoyed the course very much. It was great,but at week 8, I faced problem with the sound quality. You should edit the volume.
Excellent course in an easy to use format. Very enjoyable and informative. Resources and video lectures are of a very high standard.
Dr. Kuhar is an excellent resource!!!Thanks for clarifying things about the science behind drug addiction and the way our brain is.
i love the addicted brain course it teachs you so many cool things about drugs,neurotransmitters,how then drugs affect the body.
this course is exceptionally great , the ease with which mentor has explained drug and it's related mechanics was appreciable .
It is a general but interesting view of addiction, the most important thing for me was the topic about clearing out the stigma
I enjoyed this course all the way. It was challenging for me and extremely educative. The knowledge accrued is already in use.
I really adore this course and it inspires me a lot, I wish I could participate in research related to brain and addiction.
Impeccable course in approaching drug addiction and chemical addiction! Thank you for everything and greetings from Brazil!
i really had an amazing experience in this course and lots of information and sources and i am really glad that i took it
The quizzes tested the material really well and I thought the lectures were well done and didn't seem to go over my head.
Very nice course, drugs knowledge everyone should have and it's effect on brain especially Toluene is also very harmful.
Very well explained. Dr. Kuhar is extremely knowledgable and describes scientific processes in easy-to-understand terms.
Very well presented, easy to follow and well explained. It was a joy to follow the lectures, very coherent. Many thanks.
needs to be reviewed in some aspects considering new research that has been done, other than that is highly informative.
I am very pleased with this course, it´s very clear, concised and got to the point. I love the way is taught. Thank you
Great course. It will definitely help me with the course I teach to 10th graders with a unit regarding drug addiction.
An excellent course which covers the scientific and qualitative aspects of drugs addiction and physical dependency.
Well done, introductory level course on addiction. Some of the quiz answers are actually incorrect as they stand.
It is an amazing course, you learn a lot! Also, they give you a lot of reliable sources and material to look at!
i love this course, becuase i have learned more then i really though i would in frist place.thankz ever soo much
this is a very fascinating course.. i found it to be quite elucidating.. glad to have enrolled in this course.
Concise and very informative for all those who want to understand this epidemic health issue called addiction.
Very informative if you're new to the study of Addiction or already familiar tons of great useful information!
Excellent. I enjoyed the lectures, and the material was, for the most part, very enlightening and interesting.
very good course. it gives good insight to why and how how drug affect our natural CNS (central nerve system)
It was an excelent resource to improve my work with adicted and my classes to other pysosocial professionals
Great course with a good overview of subject.Mr. Kuhar is a great speaker, easy to understand and very calm.
A great course approaching many aspects of addiction, both behavioral studies as well neurosciences aspects.
Such an informative course it is & the professor's way of teaching is awesome. Loved it. Thanku so much sir
It was a very informative and great course..  It was a pleasure doing this course and was very Iteresting
very interesting, and mind opening. Very clear and easy to follow lecturesI enjoyed this course very much
Excellent information! I enjoyed reading topics and gave me other view about addictions. I recommend it.
Great review and I learned many new things that are useful to me as a provider, teacher, mom and friend.
Excellent content, ordered, simplified and useful for our current society. Thank you Dr Michael Kuhar!
I have  learned so much on this course and have gained a greater understanding of the addicted brain.
Excellent introductory course. It is very useful that it can be completed at the student's own pace.
It was so helpful and informative and interesting as well.. it is understood very well thank you 😊
Very helpful and educational. The professor explains every aspect in a concise yet thorough manner.
Very interesting material presented in a clear manner. Great instruction and interesting substance.
It is a short, but multidisciplinary course, that covers all the problematics about drug addiction.
Amazing course sparked my interest in neuroscience. Lectures were awesome and explained very well.
Great course, very interesting and clear. I was drinking the talk (it is a french expression :-) )
The instructor was great.  The material was very informative and interesting.  Highly recommend.
Great course, leads you from molecular aspects to policies and law issues.  Thank you Dr Kuhar!
I learned so much, such an interesting course, not too difficult either. Loved the professor.
The course is useful but I hoped that it would cover the area of treatment better than that.
I like very much this class, I've learned a lot, and is very usefull for my career! Thanks
This course is very clarifying and informative. The lecturer is charismatic and didactic.
The instructor presented the material in a very clear and compassionate way.  The spee
I enjoyed learning it . It was worth all my time and effort.Thanks to the entire team
Amazing Course! I work in the mental health field and found this to be very engaging!
Very informative . However somebody needs to give this instructor a glass of water :}
Very informative and down-to-earth.  Accessible by academic types and ordinary folks.
Ifyouwanttoknowabout someone who is drug or alcohol addicted this course is for you!
This was an excellent course. Great professor. I learned a lot! Highly recommended!!
Very interesting course. I learned about brain chemistry in relation to addiction.
So easy to understand; taught with compassion and real understanding of addiction.
Thanks for such an interesting course. I found it very relaxing to study also : )
Fantastic review of the brain and the effects of harmful substances.  Thank you.
Very good material! It was very useful to me as psychologist and as researcher.
Really enjoyed it. I hope they make a second course for a more advanced level.
Great course! Covers a range of topics related to addiction. Highly recommend.
great course. so easy to follow the very clear teaching. interesting material.
Great course and was put out very well, never felt like I was in over my head.
Thank you for your great lectures! I really learned a lot from this course. :)
Very lucid explanation throughout the course. Complex topics are made simple.
great course, i learned a lot and will continue work on it!it's very usefull.
Just finding this site and all different subjects, i am excited to continue!
Excellent insight into how we become addicts.  Encourages further research.
A really great course and there is a lot to learn from this amazing course
I liked soo much the teacher and i really suggest you to do this course!!!
This course was extremely informative and easy to understand. I feel that
I learned a ton of information about addiction and biology of the brain.
I enjoyed learning about the brain and what drugs do it it..Fascinating
This helps me a lot to undestand the effects of drugs, without stimags
Excellent information on how the brain reacts to addicted substances.
Very informative.  Thoroughly enjoyed both the class and the teacher.
Excellent course! I've acquired a broad understanding of addiction.
Very eye-opening course. Well explained concepts. Would recommend.
I found the course to be of great value and enjoyed it thoroughly.
Such a complete information, than you so much for the opportunity
Excellent course. I learned a great deal. Outstanding instructor!
This course is fundamental for understand or remember about drugs
One of the most thorough and enlightening  courses I have taken.
Really helpful and easy to learn about the effects on the brain
Very good course, but some external links are no longer working
Excellent content!! The professor was eloquent and very clear.
FOR NEW BIGGINER, THIS COURSE WILL BE MOST USEFULL FOR THEM.
Very good course. Opened a window to the world of addiction.
very useful course.. helpful to the society and inspiring..
Very informative and well presented. Learned a lot. Thanks!
Very informative course, well structure and easy to follow.
It was a really interesting course and was fun. thank you.
It's an excellent course!!! I love the instructor's style.
Thank you very much Professor for your excellent course...
Good course. But a little too easy for psychology majors.
amazing and easy to learn and really really great teacher
Excellent. Great -- and timely information. Nicely done.
Very interesting material with an excellent instructor!
Very interesting and useful course, thank you very much
Congratulación Michael Kuhar,Ph.D. and Emory University
very good lecturer. made the subject easier to master.
A very helpful course. Insightful and very educative.
Great course. I have enjoyed it very much. Thank you.
Detailed information in an easy to understand format.
Information more on neurology. Its a good experience
Excellent information, described in a very clear way
Really comprehensive way to learn about addictions!
Very interesting course with a lot of neuroscience.
working in  Detox setting this was a great review.
Very good and intresting subject, well organized.
Interesting and mind-opening course. Enjoying it!
What an intensive and information-filled course!
Amazing course, exciting content, great teaching
This was a fabulous training.  Very eye-opening.
Enjoyed every minute. Very educative. Thank you.
excellent course I found it very informative :-
This course is very informative and enjoyable.
Really good, detailed deep learning! Thank you
Great! Thank you very much for these classes!
I was very enjoyed participating this course.
Outstanding course and professor!!! So glad!
Really a very good course for professionals.
I learned a lot more than I thought I would.
It was so helpful to understanding addiction
An excellent course! i highly recommend it!
Every school/college must take this course.
Really enjoyed this course very informative
it was very helpful...thank you very much
Thanks for interesting and useful course
Enjoyed it, and learnt heaps, thank you!
Very easy and fun. Videos are fantastic.
Wonderful and gained alot of knowledge
Exciting. It is clear and informative.
Very informative and great overview.
Learned so much and so interesting.
This was a very informative class.
excellent course.wanted more!!!!!
really good and practical course
Excellent content, very helpful
very useful & I enjoy it !
Very useful for every one
A real pleasure to learn!
ESTRAORDINARY!! LOVE IT!
loved it I learned a lot
Excellent!!! Very clear!
Very clear and direct
everybody must do it
very good course !!
Very good teacher!
Very good trip !
Very informati
Learnt a lot !
thank you!
