Very unhealthy perspectve on weight management. Basically says obesity is a disease and the only way to overcome it is through surgery.
This course was 80% served as a great foundation for understanding health and weight management. The 20% that needs improvement is the information that's based on "opinion" vs. hard fact. When it comes to promoting plant-based diets, I will agree. We need to eat foo in its natural state. The way meat consumption is talked about in this program needs help as it's based on commercial farming, not the many other ways meat is being raised. Also, promoting weight management drugs and surgeries is not something I'd ever want to see in a course, that should be the decision of someone on their own. Stick to neutral education, do not promote or opinonize them.
General approach is good. I think it misses out on a lot of things that has surfaced the last years, such as thermogenic effect of food, intermittent fasting/time-restricted feeding and what how those tools can help people lose weight and keep that weight off.
This course was mildly helpful in learning some names of the hormones and chemicals in the brain and body, but most was reinforcing what I already knew. Additionally I found it annoying that it required me to pay money to complete the final assessment of each unit or else the course wouldn't be counted as completed.
I find this course to be a good starting point, it has great ideas to implement in your daily life. However i wish it had more information on how to develop a diet. Also I was expecting more from the citations, they use a lot of newspaper articles and blogs instead of linking directly to the research papers.
Good emphasis on what is important! Quick and easy to follow along - I would have loved even more info :)
it will help understand the other reasons that affect the weight and how to deal with it
i need it completely free
was very informative
In my healthy life journey this course helped me to be more conscious about mindful eating. Hope I can act as the way I learn here.
A great introduction to weight management.
1) cannot mark course as completed in audit mode. ....   2)  Excellent non-dietary factor discussion.  Dietary factors were lacking:  this did not discuss the role of serious malabsorption in chronic disease and weight control issues, nor why some people feel better on low carb diets and why they should consider moving to more carbs and DIGESTIBLE fiber anyway once they figure out the underlying issue.  Not all people with dietary malabsorption (or celiac) will lose weight and be thin; the more characteristic course is weight fluctuation and gradual loss of muscle and overall health/metabolism, including disrupted thyroid and other hormonal issues.  Food logs to analyze the possibility of malabsorption work best if they involve detail on all ingredients and times (malabsorption can set in 2-4 hours after eating, and also be culminative, so the apparent diarrhea trigger is just the final straw.)   Doctors can diagnose many cases of celiac with a test, but too many food allergies, lactose, fructose, and other malabsorption go undetected because they can't be "tested for."  I ran up thousands of dollars of tests only to be told it was IBS.  I had to do the detective work myself over years.
The course is easy and concise enough for its learners to understand the different dynamics and factors behind weight loss. It is also not too technical that its learners might have a difficult time understanding. I enjoyed the course. I just wish that the accompanying workbook provided was more elaborate and content-filled since it seems too simplified. Overall, I have no regrets taking the course, but some minor improvements to its content and learning material in terms of depth and coverage could still be improved.
The course material is very good and well explained by the instructor. However, as I dietitian that I was looking to update my knowledge,and expertise, I was expecting much more from the course. And, for the extra reading links, they are all pages that I can find  easily on the web. I really wanted more from the course, more advanced level,  results and reading from actual studies and scholar articles that we can rad ourselves, not just pointing to them in the lecture.  .
The information provided in this course is excellent and informative.  I learned a lot of new information in this course and it was presented well.  I found the course easy to follow and appreciated all the extra (optional) supplemental reading that was provided.The peer grading is an exercise in frustration.  Many peers do not understand the instructions for marking and the forums are used to ask people to peer grade their assignment.
I loved the course and it was insightful particularly for someone like me who is interested in the field but has no background in it. Peer assignments were a bummer here. N I would give 4.5 cuz f it. There were assignments I evaluated which seemed plagiarized n ppl writing one sentence or even phrases or gibberish. There should be an option to submit for revaluation particularly with the language barrier that is there for many.
Thank you for some very intriguing information.  I appreciate the positive spin you used.  Only reason not 5 stars is that I took it for no credit- have done everything I could and now it says things are missing.  The missing items are locked an not part of my course- so it is a glitch.  The information and presentation were both excellent.
Very structured, short but clear conveying of basic information concerning weight management. the workbook is a nice feature and there are a lot of external references to read more detailed information. I enjoyed this course
It's a good course overall. Nonetheless, I think it uses arbitrary definitions to establish what is an "ultra-processed" food, considering that there is no scientific consensus on this criteria.
Good course for understanding how the body responds to weight loss and what strategy to follow to maintain a healthy weight.
This course is really good. After finishing this course, I understood the process behind making diet plans.
I would give it a 5 but I couldn't get an achievement for completing it without paying so its a 4.
There are valuble information but also some very generic ones. All in all I've learn a few things.
this course is very informative and this course helps me alot in my field and in my future career
pretty basic information. would be great for those who are new to diet, nutrition and exercise.
Explain in detail about how different food affects our health physiologicaly.
Very good content of this course and it really useful for me for my startup.
I expected a more academic course but I is also a good course
It's too useful but contain too much articles
It is useful and wonderful course.
highly recommended!
it was good course
I learnt a lot from this course and I am surprised to find that this course is not teaching us how to lose weight by purely telling us to go on a diet or doing more exercises, but to teach us to know about the root cause of obesity from a scientific perspective and then helps us unlock the factors (both internal and external) that make impact to our weight. Therefore I really get inspired by the way how it taught and I am grateful for learning new things from it!
Great course! Very informative. Reveals practical and effective steps that will help you knock off some pounds and keep it off. It's a course worth taking.
Great course about how to manage your weight in the long-term perspective
I cannot begin to tell you how much this course helped me. "It's not about calories?" The course looks very thoroughly at ALL of the factors that contribute to weight and weight management. I learned a great deal from this course and have applied many of the principles and suggestions to my daily life. I've lost 7 pounds in the five weeks of the course by applying the information I have learned.Whether you are looking to lose weight or gain knowledge about the myriad factors that lead to weight gain and difficulty in regulating weight, this course will provide that information.
Great little short course to get you on track to improving your eating habits and weight loss. It explains the hurdles you might face on the journey and hints to overcome them. Enlightening and empowering for those of us that have previously attempted to eat better and lose weight, but have not been successful.
Fantastic Course, packed with incredible knowledge and information. The teacher has a fluent and smooth and not boring tone which makes listening to the videos a pleasant experience
eye opening advice. can be implemented into your daily life.
Intriguing course! I enjoyed learning about eating healthy and the psychological/physiological influences of food, and the readings were very helpful. I appreciate how short the videos were, which made it a lot less overwhelming to learn. I also liked the instructor’s pleasant demeanor.
I love this course it has all information you need to lose weight and balancing calories thank you so muchbut its not have eafe student to achieve the assignment in this course so i recommend that chang the assignment to quisez per week
The content and flow of the course are optimum and thought-provoking. The quizzes are designed with an inclination towards practical application, which helps one to apply the learnings from the week.
There is so much this course taught me about habits that I didn't even realize were unhealthy. A lot of information to take in and hopefully I change my lifestyle accordingly. Thank you so much!
Very insightful sessions on the issue of Weight loss. the course scientifically explains the whole idea of how weight loss can be achieved. It has changed my approach towards  life and eating.
This is a wonderful course. The instructor has taken an outstanding effort in explain concepts clearly! Recommend for everyone, whether or not you have a nutrition background! Very satisfied
The course really helped me understand the science behind weight loss and how to achieve it. Loved it, would absolutely recommend to people finding it difficult to shed some pounds.
Very good ,informative, and must take course to know all about Stress eating,how to reduce overeating, how to balance calories and how to live a healthier longlife.Thankyou!
This course has been so insightful and shed some bright new light on some old ideas I had about diet and weight loss.
The course instructor have really explained excellently well and it is easy to understand thankyou..
It we very Good Experience looking forward to join some new course in the same linesregards,Heena
I found this course very helpful and informational. While not overweight or obese myself, I know that with my family history and different health issues keeping my weight at a healthy level is very important. It is also great to have quality information when talking about diet and health with friends and family members who may be facing these challenges. I will definitely suggest this course to others!
A really clear and concise course! I have learnt so much about healthy eating and how I should embrace it as a part of me. I believe it is essential for us to gain awareness on our daily physiological responses and and how certain behaviours and habits leads to weight gain. As such, not only does making adjustments to our diets and lifestyles improve us physically, it also helps us grow as a person.
This is the best weight management information I've ever received. Love that it's based on up-to-date science. The video lectures are short and to the point which is so helpful to my learning style. Knowing the reasons for adapting healthy habits makes it a lot more motivational to do rather than just being told to do healthy things because they're healthy. Thank you so much!
I thoroughly enjoyed doing this course as I could bring the changes, which I am learning, in my daily plans. The course explains in a very simple and appropriate manner the importance of good eating. It also gives you knowledge of how our environment and stress affects our eating so much.
I love this course so much. Very great online course about weight management for everybody who need to learn about weight loss. Thank so much to Emory university for make this course. Hope everybody bring the great knowledge from this course to apply in your practice.
The whole form the beginning to an end structures as no one can be distracted. During the whole session I got plenty of ready material and each and video sessions are really interest with point to point information. I can say weight loss is beyond balancing calories.
It was an amazing experience with the course instructor, she explained everything in a detailed manner and it was understandable. This course was very helpful and the app was very handy.Thank you for providing me such a wonderful opportunity.
It was really a worth taking course with each lecture having new topic, new idea of healthy lifestyle and new topic to learn each day of your life.I really liked the course and have learnt a lot from Weight Management: Beyond Calories
The course is really inspiring! It allows my self to reflect and redirect my actions in order to be more conscious and mindful of all the food that I take. I hope many will try and I would gladly recommend this course to my friends.
An enjoyable course which offers solid advice that gets you thinking about what you are consuming. Very practical and easy to implement. There was quite a bit of reading which was not my favorite part but overall worth it.
I learned a great deal about the science of weight loss and why behavior change is difficult when our bodies are not programmed to function optimally on a processed diet as well as not programmed to lose weight.
I am so thankful to discover this course! The content, professor and assignments were engaging and enlightening. I highly recommend anyone with an interest or passion for health or nutrition, take this course.
I had an amazing experience learning nutrition especially about weight management loved it through out the course all the materials were very engaging , I am surely going to do an another course in nutrition.
This is the most comprehensive approach to sustainable weight loss I've encountered yet. If I don't succeed armed with this information, that will be on me! Brilliant way to reset the brain to eat well.
Great course! I have learned and reinforce my knowledge of weight management. I have learned to create a personalized plan taking into consideration that everyone has a different environment and habits.
I am soo happy to be part of this course. I have learned alot from this course. I especially thank my respected teacher. She has explained every leacture in a detailed and explanatory manner.
I think I like this course, because compared to other courses, it applies a lot of evidence based problems in weight management with an holistic view and in simple language.
This course helped me a lot in learning why it is difficult for us to manage our weight just by restricting our diet and what are the things we can do to change that.
It was very helpfull i gained a lot. it only needs a single improvement that article and statistics should be between 2016 to 2020 so that current studies can be seen
I learned a lot about health and weight, change a lot paradigms about healthy eating. I tool the course for personal reason and looking forward to apply them .
This course helped me to understand the nature of food, and how I can manage the weight without harming myself. I understood the logic and got new good habits.
I could learn about a healthy way to maintain our weight properly from various aspects including not only food, but also excising, sleep, stress and the like.
It is a very comprehensive course that will help you to change some old unhealthy habits and guide you towards a healthier lifestyle with an actual plan.
Thank you so much to the mentor for a beautiful insite on weight management, it was well discribed and the assignment are very engaging and informative.
latest knowledge and holistic approach towards managing obesity. I am satisfied at my achievement  Thank you coursera for providing this oppurtunity.
I learned a lot of new things that I will surely apply in my daily life and share with my peers. I am very thankful to be a part of this course/.
This course helped me learn so much ! The modules were well-planned and knowledgeable. Looking forward to do more of such courses from coursera.
This a very eye-opening course. It provides me information that I can use to help myself and people around me to obtain a healthier lifestyle.
I learned how to be healthy and how to manage weight and  I will definitely share with my family and friends I loved and enjoyed this course .
If you want to understand how to manage your or your clients' weight, study the psychology of Appetite in depth, this course is for you.
Best course for learning all related to weight management as the instructor is very much clear in her knowledge and way of expression.
It's a really good course to do if someone wants to know about their food intake and wants to change their lifestyle and eating habit.
This course was very informative. It exposed me to my unhealthy habits and gave me sustainable tools to work on my weight goals.
this course was very helpful. I'm so happy that I did something productive in the period of lockdown. All thanks to Coursera!!
It is a great course. I have learned a lot about weight management. It will really help you to overcome the misconceptions.
Amazing course! I'm ready to start getting fit again. This course is very informative. I'm so glad that I have taken this.
I like the content of this course. It has really helped me to brush up my current knowledge on weight management.
It was a wonderful course.it helped us to know about our food habits and how to take a good healthy food style.
It has been an eye-opening experience, and I'm certainly seeing the results from applying the taught concepts.
Highly recommended for someone who is interested in understanding ones body and how to improve ones lifestyle.
i learn many experience on modulate healthy life by have healthy food and low stress and high quality sleep
An AMAZING Course!!! The Knowledges I Iearned will help me not only in my job but also in my LIFE! THANKS
Excellent course. Got to know many things related to weight management other than just calorie control.
This is a very well structured course with useful and relevant resources and reads. Highly recommended!
During the six weeks course ,I got a lot informations,I hope to handel them to help overweight people.
Thank you so much, I learned so much in this course, if possible I want to continue with another one!
I rate this course a full 5 star, i am a certified fitness coach and yeti learned a lot of things
I loved doing this course.Glad I got an opportunity to go through it & learn so much!Thank You!
Very informative and super helpful. I will use this information in my daily life from now on!
A nice course that gradually teaches how we make a proper environment for a healthy choice.
Was a great experience.. thank you Coursera. Now I have a perfect plan for weight reduction
It's been great experience to learnt about any thing related weight management.Thank you!
Very interesting information and resources to understanding the human body and weight.
Great course! Fast paced but gentle. Full of clear information and amazing material!
Very well explained about obesity nd its causes  nd how to control obesity diseases.
Very good and informative course about diet and how our body works and gains weight.
It was very intuitive and the classes  were superb and well explained. Thank you..
I learn so much and was very surprised by how much I enjoyed this course! Thanks
Great coarse It was very interesting for me Thank you for this opportunity
Food is life, ill be mindful now more than before thanks to this course.
learnt a lot . Thanks to Emory university. Thank you, instructor Sharon
Very knowledgable course there is a lot of things to gain knowledge.
I had fun following this course and very informative. Thanks for it!
Excellent course, giving insight into actual management of obesity.
Peer review should be removed as they do not give genuine reviews.
Interesting and easy to follow even for a newbie in this topic
It was so good. A lot of good advise and examples. Thank you!
Its a good course for those who are planning to loose weight
I loved the materials. Very good information and structure!
Amazing course. Very interesting approach and information.
This course is really informative and challenging as well.
It was very helpful understanding the weight management
This course was very nice and helpful to everyday life
This course is excellent and it enhanced my knowledge.
It has some assignments but it really motivates you !
Super informative and motivating - highly recommend
Thank you. It was a very useful and helpful course
Excellent in teaching me things that I didn't know
Very informative and learnt lot of new things !!!
have a lot of information and all should know
Very good course, thanks for making available
I learned a lot regarding healthy eating
Loved this, love the reading especially
REALLY GOOD COURSE. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Thank You for such a beautiful course.
It was very good, fast, for everyone.
Very educational and easy to follow.
Learned more about weight management
this is really a informative course
This course was very helpful to me.
great course learned a lot from it
great course, I've really enjoyed
Very Nice and Informative Course
thanks everyone for this course!
Great and practical course!
The best! Really helpful!!
very very useful course
Thanks for everything
Really good one.
extremely clear
Great 💙
