Extremely disappointed with the course.  While the teacher's credentials were strong, the course's shortcomings far exceeded the strengths.  The visual presentation of the parts of the brain was piecemeal and failed to clearly communicate "what was where".  During one demonstration of plastic model of the brain, he often held the model at is sides, away from the camera.  The visuals were frequently impossible to read (fonts and images were frequently miniscule).   The audio recordings ranged from average to atrocious (e.g, Steve Genco was barely audible).  All in all, rather than a seamless whole, the course seemed like a patchwork of various materials slapped together for this audience.
Academical course with very little practical examples. Materials quality could be better. Interviews which are placed in every module seem to be more promotional than actually adding value. Interesting topics, but there is a room for improving the course.
Not for business students, involves a lot of psychology and medicinal terms, it is a good course for medical students.
I want to leave the course.
Mainly explained the analogy of the brain, gave lists of definitions and discussed a few research articles. I had expected this course to be far more intresting.
Not particularly engaging. Some significant overlaps in content on the videos. Some rambling videos that could really do with editing. I liked that the content within the main lecture was concise - it really needed to be because the lecturer has very little variety to his tone of speech - listening requires "high cognitive load". Don't want to be too down on it because I really appreciate the free content and the subject material is very interesting, but it could do with a bit more love and the practical application of the marketing concepts described in the course. Maybe start with some eye-tracking on someone completing the course?!
It was generally a little too easy for me, but I guess that's my problem for not choosing the right level. What I expected was more of 'why' and 'how' on a certain result, so that I can expand upon my current knowledge on neuroscience, drawing connection between neuroscience and business (marketing). Rather, most of the lessons were more like "they did this and found that", without much fundamental explanation. Nevertheless, I believe the lessons will be very informative and useful for most people who do not have much basis on neuroscience.
Many lectures were very repetitive. I don't know how many times the Pepsi-Cola challenge was mentioned during the first few weeks of the course. The interviews could have been edited better to include to only include the key messages.  Week 1 to 5 were not really for neuroscientists for sure. They are too basic. I can see if you have no background in brain biology, this could be a reasonable good intro to decision making in neuroscience. Week 6 was interesting from ethical and legal point of view.
Alot of the course is taken up by heavy reading material, lectures are often breif wheras interviews are long and often with sub-par audio. The course overall is a decent introduction but it could be polished to become a better learning experience.
Instructor's pronunciation is sometimes unclear and videos are a bit tedious
For me personally: way to complex and brain rather than output focused
The delivery of the material was EXTREMELY DULL.
Very superficial and dry
Lectures are way too lengthy. As I  am a psychologist and have a Masters Degree in Neuromarketing, I took this course to help me refresh my knowledge about it. So most of the stuff I knew beforehand. However, it was very useful as it remarks the most important things in the field. Lectures could be reduced as it is an introductory course. Even for someone with knowledge in the field, having so much to read felt tedious.
This course is not necessarily very actionable— while it's an incredible insight into how and why our brains learn and process brand/marketing information, it's difficult to have an idea of how to apply this to real world work. As someone who works in marketing, I wished there would have been more instrumental ways to apply principles or practices into even the most basic of accomplishments. I would NOT recommend this course if you simply trying to become more skilled in areas of marketing— it's more study-oriented than skill.
It has very usefull information but also has other info regarding the brain that is to scientific... Should ease it up a bit. For someone with a business or marketing background, it would be very easy to zone out, like I did whenever you touch the brain parts in too deep.
It is truly a gem of a course. Thomas Ramsay takes a beautiful approach in teaching the basics of neuromarketing and consumer neuroscience. The interview lectures were especially informative. And needless to say, the readings are truly mind-boggling.
The interviews need to be broken down into more consumable, useful pieces of information. There is a lot of repetition or information specific to the person being interviewed etc.
I think it needs some fundamental background knowledge on neuroscience as this course focuses a lot on that not on the marketing psychology.
The course content is very good, but the interviews are massive and the approach could be a little less complex and more dynamic.
Long on science, short on practical applications. Didn't find it too useful.
Good course who wants to learn marketting for business.
find it too basic, even for an introductory course
It's a very nice course but it is very small.
I like it, but it´s a little bit boring
A little heavy on the biology side
I cannot find my certificate?
A very interesting seminar in which I have learned a lot. The information was presented very well and explained well for non-specialist learners with different professional background (in my case the linguistic and teaching sector). Good material provided. I might have wished for more and shorter videos and more testing opportunities in order to be forced to learn harder. Nevertheless a great experience, thank you Copenhagen Business School!
Is so good, I really recommend it, but the interviews can be more interesting and less "promotional".
This course does a great job at explaining neuromarketing in a language that is simple, yet thoughtfully compelling - as someone who had never previously studied this field, I easily became fascinated by this topic. My only criticism is the length of some of the videos being 25+ minutes, as I sometimes felt like my attention was lost with those that tended to be on the longer side of things. But otherwise, if you do not have a shorter attention span like me, I entirely recommend this course.
At first I was very very excited with this course. So many novel concepts. The biology part was a little hard to follow, but with some help from YouTube all cleared :). Then I confess I've lost some of the interest. It didn't have anything to do with the course, which is quite consistent. Only with me realizing it was impossible to apply most of it to my day to day. Also, it turns out I'm not that much into marketing. I was more attracted to the chemistry / psychology part.
I think the course is an excellent
introduction to the topics of
neuromarketing and consumer neuroscience, as
well as to how the brain actually works.The only reason why I do not give the
course a score of 5 out of 5 is the fact that the discussion forums were not really followed by the moderators. I just asked 2 or 3 questions and they were never
answered, nor were questions made by other peers.But taking this fact apart, I think the
course is excellent overall.
My interest in psychology and marketing led me to this course - which has now shown me the horizons of an entirely new and emerging field of Neuromarketing. Whether you're a businessman - a student - or someone with the curiosity of the decisions we make as consumers - also in daily life for the matter! - this course will be pioneering to your understanding of the Neuropsychological aspects - as it has been to me!
I am very satisfied with this course compared to my expectations. With my background
in marketing, I found this course highly informative. Professor Ramsøy has
managed to offer an exhaustive introduction to the consumer neuroscience, which
is easily comprehensive for all levels. Personally, I would have preferred
that the tests were a bit more challenging, in order to prove my full understanding of
the course.
Sometimes, the lessons wanted to cover a lot of topics in a small frame of time, so it may be hard to follow up with everything without a background in general psychology. I absolutely loved the compendium of different scientific studies each week. Overall, it is a great approach as an introduction, but it may fall short if you want to go deeper. Nonetheless, I would highly recommend it
As titled, this is just an introduction course to neuromarketing but very helpful to understand the potential of this new area. The course opens doors and with complementary courses on how works the brain and how to measure the brain signals, it will help a new generation of (neuro)managers to transform their business activities, as well as their personal knowledge of... themselves :-)
A really good comprehensive course of neuromarketing. Good even for people who are not familiar with neuroscience. I wish some of the interviews were divided to make the experience more amiable, but all the content was really informative. It does have some aspects in which it becomes repetitive of information, still, I think that it helped to really remember those things.
Interesting course! It offers some great tools and theoretical insights, as well as interviews with both academics and practitioners. A area for improvement are the articles: they can be hard to follow (mainly the mathematical models). A suggestion would be some supplementary materials to help the reader to deal with the jargon and the unfamiliar methodologies.
A very good introduction to consumer neuroscience. The interviews with practitioners were helpful too. I would have liked to learn more about neuromarketing - how can marketeers create communication/ products that lead to purchase? There was more about market research using neuroscience, rather than actual marketing, and it tended to get a little theoretical.
Very well structured and prepared content. Some of the interviews are too long, or have a bad sound quality. So I preferred occasionally reading the text below the video, regarding to the interviews.Upshot: I am a Mechanical Engineer and currently a Software Engineering Student who is now more curious about Neuroscience than ever before! Good job!
It was an introduction course. Actually, I was expecting to learn how can I apply neuroscience techniques to my job field. As far as I can see there is only beginner course is available on coursera. Hope, in the future I can encounter intermediate level of neuromarketing course to test my skills in order to see what I gained from this lecture.
Brilliant course to begin with! I explored a different domain altogether which is a brilliant combination of neuroscience, marketing, psychology etc. Could have been more interactive given we are talking about multiple sections of how the brain functions. But overall, I think it opened up new area of interest for me.
it's a fantastic course, especially in the context of the video presentations, but the compendium is a bit dense for the average person. Like one of the specialists said in one video, I think studies need to become less academic and more accessible for the marketer who jjust needs to know the gist of each srudy
This was a nice course. The only way it can be improved is by introducing frequent interactive sessions through out the course, and periodic hand-on assignments. The course is loaded with interviews and paper discussions, which is great, but  was losing the attention at times. Otherwise, it was very enriching.
Extremely insightful course and great structure in terms of providing relevant details on the topic. As a digital marketer, I was just hoping for a slight more in-depth detail on lead into marketing where the course focused more on the brain functions and it's relevance. But nonetheless, two thumbs up!
It is a very insightful course to be understood by a person who has a curious mind to know how different parts of brain work. The best part of the design of the course is practical knowledge being shared by the experts of the neuromarketing field which makes the learning more exciting and contentful.
The lectures are concise and understandable for casual learners. However, there are very long readings comprising of journal articles which takes the most time to complete especially if you have no background in neuroscience, neurology, or psychology.
pretty useful but all examples and roles about retail marketing. i expect to see more thing about e-commerce shopping choice.. and would definitely see the more examples more than scientific datas on context. not only pepsi vs. coca cola.. thank you.
I wasn't a newbie on the topic but it was interesting to actually see how things work in the labs where the investigations take place.The course lacks of a module of specific strategies to implement in marketing, but overall it's a great course.
Was a great course where I learned a lot about the ways in which consumer behaviour can be analyzed through different technologies. Was a great beginner course that broke down how the brain is connected and contributes to purchase intent!
Very thorough introduction to consumer neuroscience and neuromarketing. The combination of lectures, interviews, and reading materials was excellent. The content was challenging but understandable. I enjoyed participating in this course.
Very interesting and a timely course. The workload was manageable and the content quite enjoyable. There were, however, two interviews that were difficult to watch due to the poor audio quality. I loved the one with Carl Marci though.
I think if you come from a science / medical field the course is great. As a marketer I think there is a bunch of useful information on it, but when come to the tests and I have to remember the names of certain parts of the brain ...
Short course. While there were some interesting material, at least half of the course was interviews which did not talk so much about the theory related to consumer neuromarketing. I would have liked to see more material and studies.
I was very impressed by the content. I understand deeply the boundaries on claiming being a Neuromarketing professional and what are the possibilities on joining the field. I proudly paid for my certificate and posted on my LinkedIn
The course and the teacher are very good, yet in certain areas the course pack seems boring and the case studies seem out of context. The interviews in Week 3 aren't very helpful. Overall, the course is worth the effort.
A little out-dated and I would love to get Digital aspect of things as well. Other than that it was insightful and thorough course covering most interesting points of consumer behaviour and Neuroscience relation to it.
This course contains valuable knowledge if you are interested in consumer behavior on a neurological level beyond the typical Consumer Psychology/Behavior courses offered at other institutions. Great content!
It was great, only the 2 links for youtube videos seemed not to work, so I went to search them by myself. Luckily found them by the topic and year. Thank you for your work and keep the education coming :)
Great course to start learning about consumer neuroscience, the drop-down is that the videos are extremely superficial while the readings (included inside the compendium) are highly technical and advanced
Very intriguing introduction. Liked the pattern of teaching and involvement of various industrial professionals as well. The only shortcoming was the repetition of certain subjects and topics.
Really interesting topic. Up and coming area of study important to learn about what drives consumer behavior and what works with marketing using various measuring tools to gage valid data.
Thomas has the rare ability to explain the difficult concepts in relatively simple terms. I think that this course provides a good introduction on consumer neuroscience for beginners.
All in all, it was a good course to begin with the neuroscience aspect of marketing. However, it was a bit more focused on consumer neuroscience rather than its marketing aspect.
Amazing lectures by Thomas sir. He explained the high level concepts of neuromarketing in a very simple way. I hope to visit him in person at Copenhagen Business School someday
really an intriguing course , helped me understand how the consumers tend to behave even without knowing . This is a subject with alot of scope for further discoveries
Very good overview to Consumer Neuroscience and Neuromarketing touching upon all the right topics right from the science of it to ethics of applied neuroscience.
a little less biology and more from business standpoint would help... but otherwise it is absolutely amazing  and i would definitely refer it to my colleagues
Great reading material and plenty of researches. Overall it is a very interesting topic, though its better if you have a medical preparation for this course.
Interesting course.  Somehow i was expecting less scientific approach and more marketing approach, but it's a good and interesting course to begin with.
Very high-quality content, the course pushes the user to reflect on and not only learn about the topic. Up-to-date material and friendly video records.
This course provided me with wonderful insight into Consumer Neuorscience and Neuromarketing. It was incredibly interesting and well-driven. Thank you!
This course was too biologically technical, but I loved it. From a marketer's point of view, there was such amazing information on consumer behaviour.
While the readings are pretty intense, and require a lot of time, the video content and quality of information is high and worth the time investment.
A bit easy but enjoyable. Vital for enthusiasts, Brand Marketers and consumers in general, not for practitioners or advance students of the Brain.
What I loved in this course is its ability to combine, illustrates and discus to distinct fields into one course that is really interesting.
The contents are well prepared with lots of different form of lectures. But it would be better if it can go further a little bit!
Really love the course. The teacher was really good and have a lot of knowledge in the area. And is quite easy to understands.
Very interesting course. It offers an important overview of general aspects related to what neuromarketing is all about.
Very large interviews. It needs more infographics. Sometimes, teacher had problems with audio while he was interviewing
Although I still don't know how do I apply these into my work directly, I have to say it is a quite interesting class.
I feel diligent whe nstudy this course because it's quite new for me to know the consumer behavior behind brain
Very informative. Introduced me to an interesting tool. My only note would be to focus more on Neuromarketing
Great course, would be helpful if there is more clarity rather than always having to go through research work
a very interesting class. The professor was never boring. I enjoyed the interviews. I recommend this course.
Really good, topics were explained clearly and the interviews despite being long were extremely interesting.
An appropriate course to understand the basics of Neuro-marketing and its impact on the field of research.
While very informative, it seems a little outdated and quality of some videos were not as high as others.
Great course! It provided a solid initial understanding of the field of Neuromarketing and its potential.
Great introductory content into the subject. Monitoring/moderation of the forums could be improved.
Base set for beginners,  teaching, specifically, the interviews are truly informative.
Good course for the students want to studying consumer neuroscience or neuromarketing
An excellent way to get started with consumer neuroscience & neuromarketing.
Exceptional learning experience with clear guidelines and video content!
Good content information overall. The teaching dynamics is a bit boring.
Good intro course to Neuromarketing with lots of hands on case studies.
A good introduction to a complex field. Well worth the time and effort.
Very interesting subject, although there were some difficult topics!
great perspective into the world of business and psychology
Good insights about Neuromarketing & Consumer behaviour
This is a very good introductory course for this field.
I found the course interesting and I enjoyed myself
Very interesting and useful course for begginers
Very insightful and informative for beginners.
Great content, easy to have the big picture
There can be more videos and less reading.
A ton of great information and resources.
Pretty Good Course for Introduction
Its a good introduction to de field
Truly enjoyed this course,Thank you
needs more retro from the teacher
Can be more practical
I found the t
A complete course with many neuroscience insights applied to marketing, Dr. Ramsøy's accent is brilliant (I'm English and I rarely needed to look at the transcript), I recommend this course to anyone interested in Neuroscience's future in Business and especially in Marketing. This course helps students understand the links between these fields. I didn't read the mentioned studies nor the files in the PDFs and successfully passed at 100% (although, I have experience in this new field).
Most of coursera courses I have taken I am not able to complete, it is easy to drop off, not feel engaged, not able to complete the assignments on time. This course had the perfect balance - it had structure easy to follow weeks schedule and quizes. It provided additional reading and articles if needed to dive deeper. It also was a well rounded course with theory, interviews of experienced people from the industry, videos on practical experiments and summarizes of researches done on the field.  I would highly recommend this course to any friend and would look forward to completing more with the same professor in same related topic.
This course brought some interesting insight into the foundations of neuromarketing. High recommended for audiences that are interested in consumer behavior and consumer decision making.
As a marketer, I see this course opening new horizons to optimize business offerings which other wouldn't have been possible. Being said that we are yet to explore ways of making neuromarketing afforable and easy to use so that we could integrate in day to day activities. Would require serious commitments on budget, adaptation and computational power. Great efforts and thank you Prof. Thomas Zoëga Ramsøy, Copenhagen Business School and Coursera for making this amazing course available.
This was a fantastic course for marketers and entertainment media professionals which will help provide detailed context into the process of neuroscience and how it can benefit them. It also helps you assess the validity and quality of service you may be getting with a firm offering this now our in the market. As a mom with a 5 year old who has cerebral palsy, visual impairments and sensory integration disorder it also just helped me understand the brain and how it works better.
I believe that being a marketer, it is very essential course for us to learn because it helps us in various dimensions of the life. The course has taught me very deeply to peep into the consumer behavior. I have learnt the science behind consumer buying behavior and the way emotions and memories affect the consumer decision making in buying the various items. To more learn about the consumers, we should do this online course of Consumer Neuroscience and Neuromarketing.
This was truly a deep and research-oriented course. This helped me in getting ahead with so much knowledge and skills. Thank you, CBS for coming up with something so creative and innovative like this!
I really liked this course and learned here. I would like to thank Professor.Thomas Zoëga Ramsøy. I would highly recommend this course for students doing research in neuromarketing.
This course has really helped me gain thorough knowledge and research direction in this field. Thank you Prof. Ramsay for the wonderful course material and very good examples.
Very well explained and very informative session on consumer neuroscience and neuro Marketing. The way of presentation kept me intrested and glued to the sessions. Thank you
This was one of the most interesting courses I have ever done. I learnt so much not just about marketing but the human brain and how beautifully complex it is. I am looking at the world with a whole different perspective now. Trying to connect the dots with whatever I have learnt in this course with the actual world.  The highlight of this course definitely had to be the well compiled Reading material by the Instructor. Each article and research paper in the modules were so well thought out and put together with each chapter. Definitely something to hold on to for life. I also enjoyed how the Instructor taught each class. He explained everything in as simple terms as he could, even the most complex of all- human brain!
An Introduction to Consumer Neuroscience & Neuromarketing is an excellent course and pursuing this was indeed a great learning experience. Dr.Thomas Zoëga Ramsøy has systematically blended concepts and applications of neuroscience in neuromarketing, substantiating it with experimentation results and research findings. Dr.Ramsøy's depth of knowledge in consumer neuroscience and neuromarketing makes this course very interesting. Thanks to Dr.Ramsøy, Copenhagen Business School and Coursera for creating and offering this course. I thoroughly enjoyed pursuing this course. I would strongly recommend this course for anyone interested in the Consumer Neuroscience & Neuromarketing space.
This was the most fun, interesting and practical course I've taken so far. Loved the case studies given and it was great see how different methods like eye tracking, fMRI etc. are done to study the mind and the behavior of the consumers. There were interviews with professionals in the field and the visuals were very eye catching. It was so exciting and insightful for me, as a consumer, to learn how my mind can be manipulated and be aware of the different tactics used by markets to attract people. Overall, it was a great learning experience. I've done 7 courses on Coursera and this one, I can say, was one of the best!! :)
This course has been a complete eye-opener as to what we as customers think, how we make decisions, what affects our emotions, create feelings, create memories; how they influence our general as well as consumer behavior; how we make decisions; effectiveness of senses in marketing and so much more that the place is insufficient to explain all of it. Thanks for this wonderful and very different course which takes the path of neurology and science of brain but is commercially valuable while designing products, ads, campaigns and influencing behavior.
Learning such subject  never was that easy For all the ones that are still question , if to take it or not , if you don't you'll just miss meeting thomas zoega ramos way of teaching :p if you do you'll get to understand how your brain functions and why you make stupid decisions all dayand , you"ll also be presented to all the fun tools used to do experimentations on studies .Thank you TZR  for all the efforts you made the interviews , the tools presentation , and the clarity you give about neuromarketing that marketing doesn't .
This is been a really good course. All the information provided, module by module, the video interviews, the reading material and all content make a very easy-to-understand subject despite its challenges and highly scientific nature. I've been reading many books and taken some courses, however the Professor Thomas has found a very interactive approach to make students understand what consumer neuroscience is in real world and what is the real application so far, debunking myths and decking the snake oil of the industry.
I really liked how the compendium of readings was organized (each article added up to every module) and the video lectures were really easy to catch up with since most of the stundent's job was reading, so when hearing the lecture, everything seemed clear.Even though I'm not studying psychology nor marketing, they're both sciences I've been intersted in for a ling time and this course really helped me out to find out incredible things about them, just as how much they can help each other. A marvellous course!
I'm from a Biomedical Eng. background intending to study about marketing which made me choose this course. It was quite easy to understand since I have studied Biology and marketing piece too was well explained. It gives you a quite coherent understanding about the trend out there in the neuromarkting field, how it is being developed. I would recommend this course to anyone who really wants to study consumer behaviour stepping aside from conventional methods. Cheers! :)
The course is very interesting. In the beginning it seems a bit heavy with all the neuroscience information and the terminology but as it progresses it gets more and more interesting as it brings it closer to marketing with examples and experts.Moreover, most of the interviews are very interesting, some are a bit longer than needed and in a couple of cases the sound quality is not so great, mostly due to Skype sound quality, making it a bit hard to listen to,
The course as a whole has been greatly informative and successful. The greatness varied from the way the course was taught from various interview, case studies, and presentations to the way of explaining and providing the information. Thank you so much to Dr. Thomas Zoëga Ramsøy and to Coursera for providing this amazing course that has elevated our level of understanding towards Neuromarketing!
An excellent workshop. Highly recommended for anyone interested in influence, bias and emotion in marketing campaigns. I also audited the Copenhagen Business School Neuromarketing Toolbox, which helped, particularly with aspects of the brain. I may even recommend you view that first. But not necessary. I also encourage those interested to look up some of Dr. Ramsoy's video lectures on Google.
Great course!  I really learnt so much and great lecturer! I enjoyed it so much! Thank you for this course and i would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in neuroscience and marketing.
I have really enjoyed the course and am so glad to take it. I have gained insight into neuroscience and consumer behavior, which not only strengthened my marketing skills by giving me a different perspective but also helped me during my research thesis. Moreover, I want to thank the instructor. He has explained the subject both in academic and in practical matters, which was helpful to understand the content of neuroscience and its areas of usage completely.
Very interesting, challenging course, but conducted in a very simple language to help even a novice to understand the neuro marketing.  consumer behaviour has always been understood through traditional market survey, questionnaire and interview.  Neuro marketing can help to understand human brain better and position the brand in the minds of a consumers to get repeat purchasers.
This has been an interesting course which has broadened my knowledge in the area of consumer behavior when the principles of neuroscience is applied to Marketing .  The application of this  knowledge in my opinion is not limited to Marketing,.I believe it can also be applied in other fields where the need for Brand preference is desired such as 'Human Resources. Management'.
I found this course to be a great introduction to both Neuroscience and Neuromarketing. I come from a brand strategy background and found this knowledge was something I could use in my day-to-day work as well as learning heaps of new things along the way. Highly recommend for anyone passionate about marketing who is looking at upskilling or diversifying their skillset.
This course is ideal to introduce the basics of consumer neuroscience and neuromarketing to people who inted to pursue  career within this domain. It provides both theoretical background but also this is accompanied with specific examples to give a more comprehensive view on each subject. I would reccomend it as a solid start within this field.
Absolutely loved the content of this course! It's really up to you how deep you'd like to get into the readings - you can easily get through the quizzes just by listening to the lecture videos, however, the readings really provide an in-depth view of the questions that arise from the lectures. Would recommend and thoroughly enjoyed this course!
Neuroscience is totally new to me.After completion of this course I have been explored to a new world of marketing with a frame of neuro science.No doubt,it is going to drive marketing world to a spectacular destination where I think it helps in product development and diversification to cater humans' need at a minute level.Good luck Ramsoy....
it was definitely an exceptional course and I m beyond glad that I took this course and had the chance to finish it since I have been curious about the topic for many years and was eager to get my foot in the field. Now I know where to start and where to go but especially who to follow so, thanks to Thomas Zoëga Ramsøy and the great guests.
This course provides a unique perspective of marketing and the layout and design of the course are excellent. The content is pleasantly organized and comprehensible. Anyone with basic academic knowledge and find interests in learning neuromarketing and neuroscience basics can pursue this course as a good start in these fields of study.
Information is presented clear, concise and in a way that makes sense to a beginner in the field. The reading work is very detailed. The videos are presented very professionally with visual aid and case references that really bring the information to life, and make it sink in. Overall, absolutely brilliant and highly recommendable!
Excellent introduction to Neuromarketing and inclusive of some advanced concepts, which makes it a great course for every marketing practitioner, from the novice to the advanced. Prof. Ramsoy is one of a handful masters in consumer neuroscience and it's great to see his model in context of business cases. Highly recommended!
The course was great! I was really interested in neuromarketing and I was searching for an option that allow me to know the essentials of all the areas it covers. I learned a lot and I think that the methodology of it was very useful in order to learn progressively and increase my passion for Neuroscience & Neuromarketing.
I learned so many things about customers behaviour and how can sounds, colours, and ads affect their choices, the course was so helpful and it opened me a door to make more searches about Neuromarketing and Neuromarketing. I highly recommend this amazing course, you will know how brands take control of your brain.
I am student of marketing and I am quite interested in the field of digital marketing, and other various technologies. But I never knew neurosciences can relate to marketing this much. It was really knowledgeable and fun for me studying this course. I think now I am quite interested in this field too. Thank you.
I really appreciate the case studies. They help a lot with visualizing the application of neuroscience in marketing and business. After the course, I am more aware of the power that my subconscious has on me. Quite terrifying lol. I will be reading more about neuroscience and its everyday application as well!
Thomas, thank you so much for such an interesting, deeply thought-through, and engaging course! I learned a lot of new things and studied the marketing aspects I've never actually thought about before. I appreciate all the invaluable material that was provided by this course, and I enjoyed studying it a lot.
The course is really excellent! It brings great concepts and explanations of a complex issue making it look easy. The presentation of various kinds of softwares and technological solutions is the high point of the course, besides of course provides videos of interviews with excellent researches in the field.
For a person who really wants to know about humans and their unconscious behavior though being conscious, this topic takes you into greater depths. As a student of HR Marketing, this course has helped me in knowing a new way of consumer survey as well as knowing of human psychology, brain and their motions.
This course is an excellent first "serious" approach to neuroscience! It's easy to follow, full of information, relevant data and studies support the theory presented and different inputs give us a comprehensive view of this field. I'd have enjoyed more "practical" examples on specific brands or industries.
I really enjoyed this course. I found it fascinating and the course has sparked my interest in the field even more. I do believe the last section on ethics should be included in the tested material, especially since it seems of vital importance in this sector, especially moving forward. Thanks for reading.
Why do you like what you like? What do you drink pepsi when you'r blind to the brand, but you choose coca-cola you aren't brand blindness? Why do like something is not the same to want something? Why our emotions are so cognitive and our cognition is so emotional? You wanna know it. Just take this course.
It has been a very informative course. It is a good beginning for someone who wants to learn about neuromarketing. Especially the interviews with people working in the field is a unique and very helpful initiative to provide us with a perspective on the practical outcomes in neuromarketing.Thank you!
An eye opener and a learning experience. I want to do more course in the realm of neuro-marketing. This was a very good theoretical (80%) and practical (20%) piece. However, I want to do more of practical now. I mean more evaluation and exposure at deeper levels of implementation and case studies.
This is a challenging but rewarding course. It is a brilliant and insightful. I am impressed with the content and the educational value I received from this course. There was so many interesting ideas, studies, and theories covered throughout the lectures. I'm so glad I signed-up for this course.
Excellent introduction to the topic by one of the most important researchers in the field. Exteaordinarily well conceived, wonderfully implemented. One of the best experiences in my life, just before beginning my Master in Neuromarketing. Pkease, offer a sequel. Thank you really very much !!! ...
I am using this course for research across global Biometrics industry domains and find it exemplary.  The author's presentation, choice and use of course materials for his intended audience is challenging and intriguing. Audience achievement is possible with diligent and attentive course work.
Phenomenal Course! I got a lot of great information as regards to marketing and how the brain works. I've always been a stickler for psychology and the neurophysiology of the brain and this course helped satisfy some of my curiosities at the same time unlocking new ones. Highly recommended :)
In my opinion this course was very excited and challenging to learn an overview about the brain activity and connectivity, and different uses like Neuromarketing and his consumers take decisions. Thanks Thomas for your professionalism and I hope to continue learning, maybe at Denmark soon.
very nicely taught, the most interesting and emerging technology that can surely be used in knowing the consumer behavior on the basis of the Consumer Neuroscience and Neuromarketing. moreover teaching way is awesome interviews with the  experts brought extensive knowledge about the field.
Dear sirs, The course was extremely informative and contemporary to the corporate world.An opening of such kind which links both neuroscience and marketing is a huge boost for both academia and the industry alike.Loved this course and your enthusiasm was very infective.Thank you so much
Excellent introduction to the concepts of neuroscience and neuromarketing as well as the tools and methods used in these disciplines. Even if marketing itself is not your focus, this course provides a very good insight or primer to the field of consumer neuroscience. Highly recommended.
It was a very interesting course by providing detailed information about neuro sciece, neuromarketing, various tools and techniques. As an aspirant learner was able to connect to all the topics and got a reality check with the help of those interview sessions with the industry experts.
Such great information - I'm really interested in learning more on the topic and following how the information is applied.  Thanks for giving me a base of information and better understanding!  I'd love courses dedicated to individual studies and what's been learned from them!
The course has been well-thought of and executed. The way all the concepts are explained is really amazing. Although it starts slow, the course becomes really interesting by the end. The activities involved and good reference material provided makes it a very good course.
An excellent course that makes you aware of different marketing strategies, consumer neuroscience, how different brands creates awareness in consumers, etc etc. Overall an excellent course. Good presentation and also the interviews were knowledge grasping ones!
This course is really well structured and provides a lot of information even if it is only an introduction to the topic it deals with; it certainly needs to be filmed several times for the density of the contents and the richness of the materials. Compliments!
Great introduction to neuroscience. The videos were high quality and the case studies helped conceptulize the topics with real world examples. Worth doing the optional assignments at the end as it made you think how you could apply what you have just learned.
This is an absolute-must-have course for anybody that has the customer in mind. The complexity of the Customer mind and behavior has been simplified. A tool that can help shape the way products and services are transferred to a customer.Highly recommended.
Wonderful learning! Being a Pharmacy graduate, with MBA marketing area, this course equips me on Neuroscience of consumer decision making. The content is quite informative. Though the course is technical, the Professor presented in a candid way. Thank you
I highly recommend this course. The professor is great as well as the explanations and the material provided. It was my first time studying consumer neuroscience and after completing this course, i feel i have gained a lot knowledge. This course is great.
Some of the readings where quite technical in nature and went very in depth into the specifics of the experiments, so it was challenging to read them, nonetheless, it was a very rewarding experience and I hope to apply this new knowledge with my clients.
I think this course was complete and had many examples and real studies which helped me understand the concepts and definitions in a better way. Also, I liked that it included interviews and readings because it showed me different people's perspectives.
Absolutely outstanding! Professor Thomas was dedicated and really calm in explaining the very basics of Consumer Neuroscience and Neuromarketing.  The in-depth interviews tells me a lot about what's going on all over the world in this particular field.
Thank you very much for the Financial aid.World class teaching. Great experience. Definitely this course will be very helpful in future.This is my first online course willing to learn many courses through courseera which will be useful for my career.
Thank you I thought this was an easy to use and thoughtful course for people new to the world of Neuromarketing and gave a foundation for marketers to understand this relatively new science and how it applies to their everyday marketing work.
This was my first course on coursera and i'm really happy and satisfied with the knowledge . i didn't know at first what will i do as a Phd but now Neuromarketing here i come , thank you dear instructors and special thank to Mr Thomas Zoega.
It was really an amazing experience, to have something new to learn, especially about the field of neuromarketting. It had a lot of good aligned material, with extremely suitable examples and also related material as well. Thanking You Alot
Excellent course. Very well drafted. The lecturers are guest speakers were very good too. 6 weeks was appropriate time and they also allow flexibility. The app on mobile and website are brilliant; they both connected and very user friendly.
This course helped me understand the importance of neuroscience in the field of marketing and how it can be used to change and improve our marketing activities to deliver value to our customers and better understand the customer insights.
it gave the idea of new emerging field combining business with art of neuroscience. its a splendid course to understand the basic brain functioning and influencing factors to enhance the business skills. its an interesting budding field.
Unlike a lot of other online courses on neuromarketing, this course really provided me with ample information and studies I can read and understand. There is quite a bit of reading required but every bit is worth it and very interesting!
THANKS SO MUCH DR /THOMAS , I ADMIRE FOR THE WAY TO LEARN AND REACH THE INFORMATION , NOW I LEARN MANY THINGS ABOUT BRAIN AND HOW IT WORK AND I CAN USE IT FOR UNDERSTANDING THE CONSUMER BEHAVIORMANY THANKS FOR Copenhagen Business School
This course provides an overview of Neuroscience application in consumer Psychology and its application in Marketing. Anyone with basic interest can surely pursue this course for studying more academic studies & research on this field.
I think Thomas did an amazing job in taking us through the domains of Neuromarketing. Really liked the way he put in extra efforts in obtaining interviews of the who's who in Neuromarketing. Will look forward to your courses Professor.
Wonderful and interesting content. Really enjoyed the readings. Would suggest making the quizzes a bit longer/more challenging and including additional assignment for better application of learned coursework but overall a great course!
Informative and easy to understand. I completely recommend this course. You will learn a lot about the different techniques of priming as well as useful information to protect yourself from being caught in the web of neuromarketing .
It is a really well-done course, videos and schemes are clear and understandable. Literature is not for beginners at all - it's really technical and if you don't have scientific basis is not simple.I really recommend this course :)
This is an amazing course, I am so happy to learn such an interesting topic which is emerging in today's world and is being applied throughout the world. It's a must course for everybody who are about to enter the corporate world.
I am newly interested in this field and nothing can be better than this course for understanding neuromarketing. All the materials chosen for course are super informative. Highly appreciate dedication and time! Thanks a lot.
Gives a good introduction to the field of neuroscience. Professor Thomas does a great job of introducing some of the eminent scientists/practitioners in interviews which gives a lot of inside information. Highly recommended!
Very insightful. Short, concise but very rich in content. Appreciated the explicit focus on commercial applicability without letting the academic side suffering. If I had one improvement wish, it would be reviewing the tr
It is great course for those who would like to expand their knowledge in marketing and get some new ideas about future of marketing research. Also good for those who are thinking of starting career in neuromarketing.
its good and  well taught by the faculty, it develop various new concepts which are interrelated with medicinal and marketing subjects. i would like these types of courses further for enhancing my knowledge. Thanks
Excellent course....Goes beyond the rationale of rational mind and exposes us to truth behind human decision making process. Would like have little advance course on this to cement my knowledge of neuromarketing.
It's a very useful and interesting course and the information shared in this course is about Neuro Science and about Sensory Marketing and also things are shared about People's Emotions,Feelings,Liking and Wants.
Great course. As a marketing professional one needs to look into the core essence of marketing. The journey in this area certainly continues. Dr. Ramsoy has awakened my apetit to dive more deeper in this topic.
Pretty well structured, powerful concepts and ideas to go deep on Neuromarketing field. I strongly recommend it to those professional who want to understand the basis and general framework of Neuromarketing.
Great Course - just one of the elements, the interview with the gentleman from Loews Innovation Labs was pretty lame. I don't think he had much content to share, and he sounded as if he's arrived in life!
This course allowed me to know and implement the techniques related to neuromarketing. I liked th relationship and the studies that are currently being carried out and discrepancies that can be found.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. A total new dimension for me, as far as marketing in concerned. Very well organized and demonstrated by the Instructor.  The reference will help me in further studies.
Great course on this emerging technology on the areas of the brain and decision making process , would be good if there is a summary of these long interviews instead, and more interactive work
Great course if you are a beginner in the domain of neuromarketing. Explained in a very simple language. Will definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to start learning about neuromarketing
Very interesting and detailed study of consumer behavior. The concepts were understandable and many new things, methods and concepts were explained in this course. It was really helpful.
It was a great course, with a lot of relevant information that met my expectations. Thank you very much, Coursera, Dr. Ramsoy, his colleagues, and CBS, for this small, but awesome ride.
Good coverage of the different areas and state of the art of neuroscience. Great examples and presentation of studies allow students to link to scientific concepts to daily pratice.
The best experience of my life was the opportunity to enjoy this course. Was a lot of information that I'll pass to my studies and finish my undergraduate thesis. Thank you all.
This was the first online course I did that actually teaches something. Very well prepared, nice content, superb references and lectures. I will certainly recommend to my peers
One of the best online classes I have taken.  Really opened up a very interesting emerging area of marketing and gave me some useful tools I am implementing at my company.
Very happy to have completed the course. It has helped me gain further understanding of how this growing scientific field can aid my professional work (filmmaking)
It gives you the fundamental basis to start exploring this interesting world. There aren't many courses which are entirely about this subject and this so worth it.
Great course for beginners in the study of neuromarketing!Very complete videos with an appropriate language. I would recommend to everyone interested in this area.
Thank you so much for the class. I never know I love this course until I meet it. And I want to study and investing in this study. this is very interesting for me.
Excellent course materials and trainers. Sometime videos feels a bit boring but that's fine. I have learned really amazing things that I was never aware before.
Excellent content for neuromarketing students. Practical examples, solid background and very clear structure organizing the course. I absolutely recommend it!!!
This course is really helpful as an introduction to those who are new to Consumer Neuroscience and Neuromarketing, and it is a very interesting course as well!
I really enjoyed this course! I really liked the video of the instructor taking apart the model brain and pointing out the different parts and their functions.
This introductory course is deep enough to gain a clear understanding of the relationship between stimuli, neuroactivity, and behavior. I highly recommend it.
Very good intro to neuromarketing.  By including different subject matter experts from around the world, it really added to the understanding of the concepts.
I love it! It gave me a completely different view of consumer's behavior and how neuroscience investigation can help marketers to better understand insights.
This is the introduction of a new concept for me. For farther cognitive neuroscience study, the course will be more helpful. Thanks for the excellent course.
This was an excellent course with apt reading information. Really interesting and helped me understand marketing from a completely scientific point of view.
Explains from a generic perspective but topics are deep enough that a very fundamental understanding is provided. Very good content design and presentation
Very useful to start to understand what neuroscience and neuromarketing are about, where are they applied and what to do to start to enter in this field.
The instructor explained the concepts with simple words and a lot of case studies that normal people can relate to. Enjoyable and easy to follow course.
It was an unexpectedly to see that it is a hi-ended quality course, which has a lot of good materials to start with if you are out of this field at all.
Great course! Is so clear and easy to understand, mainly for people looking forward to study a related career or simply combine it with your daily job.
Thank you very much. A very insightful and resourceful course. It was not difficult to keep pace with despite my not being too familiar with the topic!
The course really did get me to understand the behavior part of a purchase and a;so what actually goes at the back of the head.Very informational.
I loved the course! I think interviews should be a little shorter or at least a bit more dinamic. The tests at the end of each week are very easy.
Learnt so much over the time of this course. Learnt and understood why and how how brain works when purchasing things that sometimes we dont need
Really interesting course, learned a lot about how we make choices, that I can use in the workplace as a Marketing Manager. Took a lot of notes!
Really informative, I found it really interesting as I took Clinical Neuroscience at uni and this applies nicely to my current job in marketing.
I had a great time during this course! It was a great learning experience. It deepened my interest in the field of consumer behavior for sure.
The course was very insightful, well paced, great instructor, very graphical examples and real live feedback throughout the various interviews
For anyone really interested, do not miss the readings. Read everything that is provided, it's a must for getting the most out of this course
Great class, I would like it to have a harder method of grading at the end. but it was a great introduction to Neuromarketing, very helpful
I loved it. It's full of new information and subject to study further. Personally I would have added even more case studies to the lessons,
This course seemed a bit difficult initially but was made simple and interesting with all the lecture videos, case studies and interviews.
A wonderful course for with very informative interview sessions of business leaders and researchers. My first step towards neuromarketing.
Finally a course on the subject, good insights and format with short videos on theory mixed with interviews with experts within the field.
Great!  it was perfect for me. many really interesting videos and reading materials to fully understand what neuromarketing is all about.
Interesting and complete course; i really recommend to all the people that are interest to start to understand the Neuromarketing world.
I had just sent a very positive review. I like to add that the discussion on ethics and laws after the course was finished were great.
Thank you very much. A great course. Wish you would also provide a full specialization program related to Neuro Marketing Management.
Than you for such a comprehensive and easy to understand course! Clearly gives you an idea what neuroscience and neuromarketing are.
It was a very interesting course, where I learned a lot of new things and I still want to learn more about it. Thank You very much!!
A very good course! The study materials provided were excellent. Recommended if you want to have an introduction to neuromarketing.
This is a brilliant course for the beginners. Gives a lot of insights and the best part is, you can complete it in just five weeks.
Highly recommended. Very interesting and enjoyable. You would get the basic notions about neuromarketing and consumer neuroscience
The selection of the reading material is excellent and so are the videos, I just wish the couse were updated with newer material.
Very good course. I found it very intersting and stimulating thanks to all the practice example it gives to understand the topic.
Best intro course there is to this very niche, but powerful field on neuromarketing-Sincerely a cognitive neuroscience researcher
Very well explained. The reading material is absolutely insightful. Interviews make it best bridge from books to the real world.
i learned everything i expected and more. this is a new field for me so i am very satisfied with the amount i have learned here
Loved the course. Thanks to all the Professors and Coursera for providing me this opportunity to learn and enhance my knowledge
Really interesting course. A bit dated but overall a fantastic eye opener on how to look at consumer behaviour differently.
Very good introduction to Neuromarketing. No buzz, just serious stuff. Key people appear along the course. Congrats Thomas!
Very well presented and easy to learn. I hope to learn more about practical use of neuroscience in marketing in the future!
Great way to start to know a bit about Consumer Neuroscience and Neuromarketing! Interesting readings, studys and lectures.
A great course and an amazing faculty. Gained a lot of insight towards consumer neuroscience and neuromarketing. thank you
Great course. Well structured, easy to follow and to understand. Please offer more about applied Neuromarketing like this.
Great learning. The insights, interviews and case studies were really practically put forward. Very well balanced course.
One of the best courses  I have ever seen. This is really a value addition. Awaiting the next level of the same course.
Excellent introduction to the basics of consumer neuroscience! Especially appreciated the extensive selected readings.
Amazing Insights by Prof. Ramsoy! I highly recommend all the students to pursue this course and enrich the learnings.
I really liked it! There is a big part of Neuro, not just Marketing which was lovely! I really enjoyed it, thank you!
It's the future of the marketing foundation. This course makes soft introduction with science-based approach. Thanks!
Very good insights. Awesome paperwork materials and excellent videos! It makes a great introduction to the subjects!
FUE UN CURSO BASTANTE INTERESANTE Y MUY CLARO, ME AGRADO MUCHO SI VOLVERIA A TOMAR UN CURSO MAS DE ESTA UNIVERSIDAD.
its always better to learn the Second side of the coin when you are speaking to your customer .Amazing Insights and
Nowdays I Work with retail systems and the course came along with my expectations, I highly recommend this course.
Interesting, well tailored for beginners and very informative.  A great start for anyone interested in the field.
This course is a very interesting way to introduce in the Neuroscience and Neuromarketing field, very recomended.
the most interesting online course i ever learned!excellent real-life examples, great topics and very interesting
Excelente course. Its been an honor tu attend such a prestigious academic standard. Thank you for the oppotunity
An extremely useful course for both beginners and professionals in marketing to know the future of this industry
It is a very informative and essential course of Neuroscience and Neuromarketing including precious interviews o
Very complete, specific and a lot of papers that complement the videos. I reccomend this cours with close eyes.
I use neuromarketing in my work. After thise course I want to work with prof. Ramsoy. He have a brilliant mind!
A good course on the basics of neuromarketing, but the tests are very simple. Thank you very much for your work
Great learning and inclusion of the interviews with some top researchers of Neuroscience is an add on benefit.
Changed my understanding and panorama of marketing as it is, should be a must for every marketer in the world.
Very insightful course. The videos are a summary of the readings and the case studies are really fascinating.
I found this course very enlightening. The lectures were very engaging and the interviews quite interesting.
Great course as introduction for neuroscience, it gives me an incredible knowledge of how the brain works
An excellent course. I learned a lot, it was clear and fun. Loved the interviews. I totally recommend it.
It provide a great new insight to understand human behavior and a must go through course for marketeers.
This is a very interesting and useful course. I really enjoyed it and I do recommend it for everyone! :)
Very informative! Great to build up on more neuro-psych related knowledge. Cant wait for the next level.
Such a resourceful course taught me so much more and helped me understand a new dimension to marketing.
I loved the way I could learn the psychological perspective business, it was a fun course all together.
Excellent course! well structured with a lot of knowledge and experts interviews. I recommend for sure.
Very good. Good information. I am a student of psychology and this helps me to complement my career.
this course have a lot of information. each level have lectures that explain clearly all the themes.
Great course. I recommend this course to everyone if you like to update yourself in neuromarketing.
Miss you dear Prof Thomas, thank you for your teaching and sharing knowledge. Highly appreciated :)
Good course. This gives insights to what are factors that enable a decision making in Human Brain.
Enhancement of customer experience. Contributor towards effective mental model marketing strategy.
This course help me in understanding consumer mind and how to use it for marketing of our product.
It's a very introductory course, but it gives what it promises. Good instructor and good lectures!
Great course. Highly recommended to those in the marketing industry especially digital marketing.
Very well structured and conducted.. the material and discussions are very focused and relevant
It´s the perfect combination between neuro and marketing. It is very clear in all its concepts.
Very insightful. This course is engaging and exciting. Highly recommended! Thank you Thomas :D
Great course perfect for those who know very little about the science behind neuro marketing!
Interesting information! It's a course that I recommend if you love learning about the brain.
An extremely insightful course. Well presented and challenges you to think out of the box.
Great course, I learned a lot about this interesting theme, very usefull. Thanks teacher!
absolutely well put material and easy to narrate , adequate explanations and informative.
Very good, and very complete! I really learned a lot and the information is very useful!
Really useful course  !!  Apt for Marketers who want to know where technology is headed.
Very interesting course. It helped me to start studying about the neuromarketing topic.
Totally recommended for those who want to start involving in ad/media/marketing world.
Brief but very informative. With lengthy and detailed interview sessions. I like it!
This was a great course if you would learn about how we process decisions. Thank you
Best Course to get a new insight of neuroscience in collaboration with marketing.
Interesting course that throws open a whole new domain of marketing to anyone who
great course , a must for all the professionals working in a marketing department
Its a very helpful course for me and I got to learn new things from this course
Very good course in order to introduce yourself into the Neuromarketing world!
Very good introduction to Neuro Science and involment to marketing! Thank you!
The best course for someone how is passion about marketing and neuromarketing
Was fascinating all the way and changed my perspective on consumer behaviour.
Great Introduction for people who doesn't know anything about this subject!!
I loved the course I love to practice and internship in this field! Love it!
Very interesting and useful course for consumer behavior and marketing area.
Very Informative. would like to take more advance course on the same field.
I trully think is one of the most usefull courses I've ever taken. Thanks!
Thank You Prof. Thomas Zoëga Ramsøy! Looking forward to your next course!
Very useful course. Thank you to the tutor for this wonderful experience.
A good course which covers a lot of topics on neuroscience and marketing.
Very good course: good contents and very relevant to real business world.
awesome neuromarketing is the future and the future is upon us very soon
Clear and real (they speak about real neuro-marketing, no overpromise!).
I liked a lot the interviews. Thank you for all the information shared.
Excellent introduction to neuro marketing and its commercial prospects
Good introduction to neuroscience in  application to market research.
Insightful and gave me a new perspective about amrketing strategies.
very informative and also interactive, would definitely recommend it
The information will help transform the way I interact with clients.
A great course, combining both theoretical and practical  aprroach!
Very useful, interesting and would completely recommend the
course!
Less is more, very carefully crafted content and learning modules.
Thank you! it was an enlightening journey into the consumers mind.
Amazing course, easy to understand for non-scientific backgrounds!
Great To Start but should perceive continuous research. Thank  you
A great course with the latest technology disruption in Marketing
Excellent course! helped me get a good foundation on neuroscience
Great course , loved the content. It was very apt for beginners.
ooh it was amazing experience and lots of information Thank you
Great insights, practical applications and a wonderful teacher.
Kept me busy and productive during the corona pandemic. Thanks!
Very interesting insights into both marketing and neuroscience.
Quality course. Recommended, a bit is a bit creepy as well :) .
Very  informative course, useful for every consumer. Thank you
it was incredible, i study psochology and this was so usefull
Sueper! Very interesting and practical infos. Very satisfied.
Gained an awesome experience relating to consumer behaviours
Get to learn a lot. I was amazed by a few new findings too.
Very engaging and insightful! Would recommend to my peers.
The course was new and Advance .The Instructor was Expert.
That was amazing. Thank you, Dr. Thomas, and colleagues.
Like the content and knowledge shared from this lecture.
Excellent Course for Marketing and Retail professionals
Loved it! Can't wait to learn more. GREAT instructor.
Amazing experience, thanks for sharing this course...
Extremely well explained course. It was a pleasure.
The best course related to neuromarketing. Perfect!
Great course! A lot of useful relevant information!
really very nice Course to boost up your knowledge
Excelente information and excelent study material
Great information , well laid out and instructed!
It was very good. Now I can apply this knowledge
Its desinged to make you a perfect neuromarketer
Very unique topic and teaching was exceptional.
For marketers with open mind it is a must take!
Very useful and interesting. Congratulations,
The course was a great learning experience !!
Very informative, especially for a marketer.
Nice course, useful and interesting content!
Excellent course! Definitely recommend it.
Amazing course! I thoroughly enjoyed it :D
Greta Knowledge, exicited to learn more !
Surer interesting - very well structured.
Very insightful course. I recommand.Yapi
Excelent . We need a more advance course
Thank you one of the best online course
Very full and useful course. Thank you!
Very insightful, engaging information.
excellent and very interesting course!
Very enjoyable and easy to understand!
Very interesting course for marketers.
One of the best courses on coursera...
Thank you. It was interesting course
Thanks for sharing your knowledge!
Great Course! Thank you very much!
Great teachers and information.
Ilthis course is very useful ..
Great information and structure
Very detailed and comprehensive
Exceptional & very insightful
Provides excellent framework
Awesome content and delivery
Excellent marketing course!
I think it's amazing course
Pretty good course. Enjoyee
Very interesting course :)
Very interesting courses!
Nice Course & Learning
Explicitly thought.
it was incredible!
Very Interesting!!
this is helpful
it was a blast!
SEN-SA-SIO-NAL!
