It needs to be more clearly communicated that a person who chooses to AUDIT this course CANNOT complete it, because they will not be allowed to submit the peer-graded assignment. It also needs to be communicated, that even if someone PAYS for the course, they may not be able to finish if there are not enough paying students to REVIEW their assignment. Bit of a rock and a hard place, really.That being said, the course is extremely well-made and informative. There are lots of mini-quizzes to check learning.
Technical issues throught the whole course. I had to submit answers again and again to have them finally completed. A whole essay disappeared when I sent it and the support was not helpful at all. I had to write it again.It was not possible to work with the mobile version of the course, when the app had technical problems. The final assesment had to be limited to 5 pages, but no pages are counted in the submission field. Formats are not taken over, when copying a text from writing program. One has to do it all over again. Finally another participant told me my text had 10 pages instead of 5, when in open office and google docs it had 5 +first page and 2 pages references.Also for peer reviewing it is an uncomfortable format to reed. 2 of 3 peers did not give any critique but deducted points. If the passing of a program is linked to the competence of fellow participants i feel it is not worth a lot.Course contents were interesting, but at some points it felt very much as if certain brands had a sponsorship with the creators of this course. It didn't feel critical enough for my taste.
I wish this course was more interactive and had more engaging articles / reading rather than solely videos
I learned a lot about research and breaking down every part of this kind of business. I enjoyed every bit of the discussions here. The only thing I don't like is how come it's hard for its students to acquire grade. I wonder if and why not the students get chances to be reviewed evenly? I reviewed 12 case studies in total, almost a week after I submitted my final assignment, before I got a grade. Since I was able to finish this course with the help of the peers, I'll go back review some more to avoid some students getting stuck in this course. It's really painstaking.
I like the information presented in the course. I especially enjoy the review quizzes after each section. However, the peer reviewed assignment leaves something to be desired as I'm not sure that everybody reviews each other's assignments very seriously. Obviously, this is a limitation upon the system, it is quite impossible to hire qualified reviewers to do all the work, but perhaps a quiz in addition to the peer reviewed assignment would be nice. All in all, thank you for the course, it was great.
This course is very interesting and well structured. You will get an insight of different issues that define the journey towards sustainability in the fashion industry as well as different business models to look up to in order to overcome fast fashion. Not giving 5/5 because I found some information to be a bit too much biased for some brands.
An excellent course from the point of view of someone looking to run a business in sustainable fashion. However, it could do with more from a view of an academic study of sustainability concepts when applied to fashion.
The course was very exhaustive and rich of industry insights. However I found that, on top of the quiz, some extra written materials and relevant links could have been added as well.
The course had broadened my knowledge on the business aspect of sustainability in fashion, definitely an important knowledge to attain as a fashion professional.
Very useful and interesting introductive course focused on how to develop circular business models for the fashion industry .
This course gave me some helpful and professional insights into how sustainability can be archived in the Fashion industry.
Very good content and approach! Focuses on the main areas of sustainability in Fashion with excellent use of case studies.
A very compact course with more information .
Great way to learn about sustainability
Need some reading material
Very informative Course!!
This course is very much interesting and easy to learn and the course format is made in such a way that they have connectivity from the start to the end and all your doubts are cleared and i enjoyed the course .people who want to open a  sustainable brand or want to learn about sustainable fashion this is the best course that you can do.
An excellent course to learn what is happening in the sustainable fashion forefront, and what can be done to increase awareness for everyone. Very valuable concepts and methods were taught (and learned) in an enjoyable and highly informative format. I very highly recommend this course to anyone that wants to learn more about sustainability in the fashion industry and beyond.
Great course! The lectures are very complete with a lot of content value. You learn about what companies are doing nowadays in order to be more sustainable and responsible.
very beneficial,learnt a lot from the lecturers, also students reviews helps so much in getting an idea on different views about sustainability.
For a beginner, this course was really informative and helpful. Definitely introduced me to a lot on new interesting concepts and ideas.
I really enjoyed this course, its was very complete and puts me on a different perspective.
The course on Sustainable Fashion was well structured. I have enjoyed the topic, which was really new to me. It was well treated, and tools / links were given to further investigate on our own. The final assignment was definitely a great way of using on-field what we have learned through the classes. I would definitely recommend it to a friend.I am looking for another course right now on Coursera, because I think there's a fair balance between the cost, the content value, the job we have to do on our own, the chance of having a certificate. If I may, the only general "complaint" is that there's no clarity on how to contact an assistance service, if needed. We're a bit left on our own with the hope that the entire process goes smoothly.
This is the best Coursera course I have taken so far! :) Thank you – for informative, interesting and well researched facts in short video formats! I also like that after each short presentation there is a quiz to further burn those informations into my brain. I find it really effective. This is also probably the first class that made me think about this topic outside of the class in my everyday life, questioning things. I found that lots of classes are very long and dry, but this one is compact and soo interesting! Well done!
Genuinely loved and enjoyed every module of the course. It has been very well planned and prepared. Thank you for such an insightful course. The examples/case studies included were extremely helpful. This course has motivated me to move to be conscious about what I buy and from where and when especially what I do with it later, with any item for that matter and not just fashion. I shall be recommending this course to as many people as I can as it helped create humongous awareness.
Would thoroughly recommend this course - it is well structured and accommodating to everyone's structure of life. Extremely informative with it's literature and the videos are not too long. Perfectly set out with additional questionnaires. Think it is a duty, that everyone should learn these facts from a business and fashion perspective. Times are rapidly changing and everybody should be made conscious by now of Sustainability. Perfect method to learn. Great course!!!
I took this course and received the certification today. Literally that was a great course regarding fashion in a sustainable context. I learned as many new things as possible. This course has opened a new window considering sustainability, business model and circular economy. I highly recommend it to those who are interested in grasping more knowledge about Sustainable Fashion.Special thanks to all instructors and wish all learners good luckRegards,
Loved this course. Lot of practical case studies, new concepts backed by academic research and practitioner inputs. Very good learning.  Thoroughly enjoyed. Thanks to the Professors and Staff of CBS and Coursera who have put enormous efforts in making this course. Special thanks to Prof. Kirsti Reitan Andersen, Prof. Esben Rahbek Gjerdrum Pedersen and Ms. Ana Lucia Diaz Schiavon
I really enjoyed and liked this course and the creative and modern way of teaching by Ana and Kirsti, there were loads of visual presentation, interviews with brands. I could see all the work their team has done prior to launching this course. Thank very much for the whole team for sharing their knowledge and experience. I feel very inspired upon completing the course.
The course is full. The teachers share important knowledge about the sustainability business in fashion. They introduce you crucial concepts which has to be develop in order to create a sustainable world. Also, they interview business which perspectives really interesting, those examples give. you new ideas to develop or introduce in the fashion business.
Thank you for offering this course. I appreciate the  instructors for their meticulous delivery of the course  contents, assignment topics , and  subtle approach of the subject. It has helped me to gain immense knowledge on the Sustainability topic, which is the real need of the hour.  My best wishes for their future courses, Keep it up!Thank you.
SUSTAINABLE FASHION course gave me direction to plan my business model and helped me to know the dark side of fast fashion brands. And by knowing about many other sustainable brands during this course gave so much of knowledge about innovation in the sustainable fashion industry. I have recommended this course to many of my friends. Thank you;)
Thank you so much for this MOOC ! I enjoyed it a lot during the lockdown and it helped me figuring out what I wanted to do for a living after my studies. Besides, courses dealing with Sustainable Fashion are very rare unfortunately ... I learned many new concepts thanks to the course that I will certainly use now !
I love this course,we get an idea what fashion is about,.its not just about what kind of dress you wear, is it the new trend or a top brand of high quality.Its about how long does fashion sustain. Clothes has to be from nature but not harming them. For this the used clothes should get reuse or recycled. ♻
The course was wonderful as I could build the basic knowledge about sustainable future. There are lots of information about sustainable fashion, so it is even harder to get the clear idea. The course explains what is sustainable fashion with the real business examples, so I found it quite practical.
I would like to thank the instructors
& course planners of Sustainable Fashion course offered by Coursera. It has
truly opened my thoughts and ideas towards not just observing the issues around
current fashion businesses but also has given ability and confidence to ideate & conceptualize solutions.
After having completed the course I feel I have a much broader and deeper understanding of what Sustainable Fashion is about which helps me tremendously in my own entrepreneurial journey having launched a sustainable fashion brand where the mission is to Design for Circularity.
I started this course to learn something new. I found myself really wanting to do well and get reaclimated to course study. This course was amazing. as someone in a mangerial role in retail , it really gave me insight in to sustainability. Thank you so much,
The course was very well structured and all the speakers were very clear in what they were teaching which made learning for me much more fun and easy to understand. I would like to thank all the speakers for their valuable time and insights into this course.
A well constructed, crisp and thorough course to understand the critical issues related to garment / fashion industry.  Course has flawlessly communicated the dire need to have sustainable fashion with possible solutions. Definitely an eye opener.
This course gives me the tools to
understand challenges and opportunities of sustainability in fashion business
model. Contents are well structured. I have been able to follow my own pace
while gaining more insights. It’s a great course to follow!
A very well structured course, I learned a lot from it. It provides a great perspective on the different types of business models and how to approach sustainability in fashion. I loved it!! Special thanks to the professors, you were amazing!
This is an incredibly helpful and amazing course for anyone working or aspiring to work in the Fashion Industry. The instructors are incredibly approachable and supportive throughout this course. I highly recommend this course.
It is well integrated with different concepts and examples of real life. This course helps not only to understand what fashion industry proceed also to know the impact of these and how we can adapt new models to current ones.
Great course! Very valuable to understand why the fashion industry needs to think in a more long-term approach and include sustainability practices. They include examples from sustainable business models in the industry.
I totally loved studying this course and learning more about sustainable practices and problems in the fashion industry. everything was so well taught and broken down, it was really interesting to gain so much knowledge!
A very good course in Sustainable fashions helps us to know the ground reality behind the sustainability and peer assignment helped me researching a company's adopted measures to be sustainable in this market.
Its a wonderful course which helps you to understand the world of sustainability from various different point of views.The tutors are very helpful and the video's and reading material is very informative.
THANK YOU SO MUCH!! This course was amazing and I enjoyed it so much!!! Wish it was longer, learned a lot of what's happening in the fashion industry. THANK YOU! Hopefully we'll get another course!
Very interesting and insightful course. Easy to follow and understand the concepts discussed in the course even with no Fashion background. Thank you very much for offering this course.
Great course if you want to start getting introduced to sustainablility focused on fashion industry. It is very easy to follow and well-structured in terms of study content.
I enjoyed the course! The program is easy to follow, the discussions are very helpful, I learned new concepts and their use in professional landfill! I recommend the course!
A great insight for a beginner learning more about sustainable fashion. I truly enjoyed learning about ways that I can move forward with ethical and sustainable purchasing.
Very interesting course with lots of real-life examples- the workload wasn't too heavy and complimented my research for my placement working with an apparel company.
Very well made course. Introduction to basics of sustainability with many examples how the companies became or trying to become responsible in manufacture process.
This course is a great introduction to sustainable fashion and it's great for entrepreneurs who are exploring circular business model. Would highly recommend!
This course is fantastic! Engaging and with the perfect amount of information in each segment. Extremely accessible. I wish every class had this structure.
I loved this course and my only feedback would be that I wish it were longer. I wanted to keep learning and getting deeper fashion and sustainability.
It is a hard one! But you can learn a lot about the sustainability applied to fashion! Me gustaron mucho los videos y los casos, aprendí bastante.
i was able to learn a lot in a short space of time and I intend to use this knowledge to attain more sustainability in my garment production.
OMG! This course is so awesome for me. I learned a lot from lots of sustainable brands and teachers, of course from other students as well.
Great course with very useful information.  Please keep adding more courses via this platform that have to do with this course of study.
It is a very insightful, easy-to-follow course with great lecturers. Highly recommended to everyone interested in sustainable fashion.
It was a wonderful experience and I learned so much from it. I wish I could make a course at Copenhague someday. Thank you.
very good up to date course. actual problems and solutions in depth. if you're future minded with your brand this is a must
It takes your trough the course step by step. You don't need any background in Fashion of be an expert in sustainability.
Thank you so much for widening my horizon about sustainability and making me explore multiple perspectives related to it!
An excellent course because it teaches you not only about fashion business but also a sustainble business in general!
Amazing course. Learnt a lot about fashion and sustainability. Give you a lot to think about with real time examples.
Very interesting course. I've learned a lot about sustainability concepts, I also liked how engaging the course is.
Well planned and structured course.States everything about sustainability in fashion and was quite helpful course.
Great course! Nice presentation. Warm interviews. Clever People. Very interesting articles and books in reference
It might be a little too fast course, but gives key insights on sustainability for startups and big companies.
Well structured and very informative. Must for all learners who want to explore sustainability in depth.
It was a great experience. Learning about circular economy and business models was really interesting.
well designed course with prompt assignments and real life examples that make it easy to understand.
Great insight on different business models and you learn new terminology related to sustainability.
Excellent course with great content. Highly recommend to anyone interested in this area.
I feel more knowledgable about the topic, I learned so much from this course. thankyou.
Wow. What an excellent course. This is an eye opener. People should do this course
Really interesting content and really enjoyed the online format - would recommend
Amazing lesson, i will reccomand to everyone this kind of course. Very well done
It is quite interactive and a worthy course to do. Would surely recommend  it
it was a wonderful course learnt about the sustanabilty concept and much more
Gained some amazing insights through this course.. definitely a must take.
Superb course, very helpful if anyone wants to know about Sustainability.
Fantastic course, I have learnt so much and am so happy that I signed up.
Fun, excellent videos, new ideas and an integrated, realistic approach!
Thoroughly enjoyed this course and its challenges. Highly recommended!
I loved this course! I managed to learn very useful information!
I am so happy to get the certificate. This course is great. ♥️
Learned another face of Fashion and expecting more courses
It was really good experience for me learning this course.
This was one of the best courses i have ever taken.
Course was well explained with suitable examples
Very informative intro to sustainable fashion.
It was great learning Sustainable fashion.
nice course and it is very imformative
very conceptual course...I loved it...
It's a great course ever in coursera
good content and lot of new concepts
Great videos by great professors!
there are lots of bugs in aap
It's a well curated course.
The course is worth taking
great learning expereince
thanks.l learned a lot
it is very useful for
High-quality content
