Duke.... Coursera... guys, come on!  I'd like to contrast this with the Wharton Business Analytics specialization that I'm completing.  It was like night and day.  I mean, professors in that course are presenting their own research!  Cade Massey presents research he did with Dick Thaler!  None of that happens here.  The information shared doesn't even flow smoothly.  This course relies mainly on PDF slides (if I wanted to read, I would've bought a book).  At one point, it even links to 6 articles on another website (and that's in the quiz as well).  It seems like very little effort was put into this online class by the professors.  The slides themselves seemed scatter-brained, several times asking questions that are never even answered.  It was almost as if someone took already prepared slides from a course and just kind of mashed them with a very little bit of video to make an "online" course.  Even the answers to quizzes seemed extremely vague (it often felt like there were several right answers... or none -- to me, this is sloppy quiz writing).I honestly expected better from both Coursera and Duke!  The only redeeming part about this course is that behavioral economics is honestly compelling, despite the shortcomings pointed out.
An interesting course with interesting lecture material, but lots of additional reading is required to properly understand the various biases. Furthermore, the examples in the quizzes are so vague that it is very difficult to associate them with particular biases or be sure that particular biases do not apply.
This course touches upon important concepts very briefly and a lot of content is vague and not didactic. Some of the terminology used is not consistent with that used in the standard textbooks possibly to handicap students from cross referencing, though this practice is not uncommon in many top notch Business Schools' curriculum. This course seems more like an advertisement for the university than a true effort towards educating the masses. Moreover, the quizzes predominantly ask "what is this called" rather than "how does this work". The content could have been better.
Good topic without contents. Videos are simply too short and they just give you PDFs and tell you to "just read it". Then you are required to take the tests with lots of application with the behavioural concepts, with minimal input. The highlight is that they just put links to third part pages that explain past bubble cases. How dare you be so lazy? This was the worst course I encountered on Coursera for sure.
One of the most vaguely organised course ever taken in coursera. The slides and lecture are full of interesting titbits, but that's just it. The quizzes are counter-intuitive and do not correlate to any study material provided. Such courses make it quite discouraging for new comers and get them fill with hate about the subject. Following are my sincere recommendations:i) Quizzes should have proper explanation to why the options are correct, as we have no or extremely vague pointers.ii) The course is NOT exhaustive and lot of external reading is required to just pass the quiz through multiple attempts in a purely hit and trial fashion.iii) On the very onset the instructions must be clear about the applied nature of the quiz and its possible lack of explanation.
The video lectures are not adequate, too much self-study effort is needed to have a good understanding of the subject. The time allocated for this topic is not enough.
This course had almost no lectures.  It was almost all done in downloadable PDF's that were rarely discussed in the lectures.  I never learned why anything happened.
I expected much more from Duke - home of Dan Ariely. The study materials are like notes from lectures.  Vidoes are not more than just repetitions of notes.
I am deeply intrigued by the subject and was excited to embark on this Behavioral Finance course, especially as a person who works in banking.  I figured it would be fun because learning why people are inclined towards certain financial decisions is geekily riveting to me!  My other experiences with Coursera classes have been worthwhile and engaging, this however, is a disaster. Basically you're given cruddy powerpoint presentations to read through, and heaps of them. Lots of graphs and strange examples which are not tied to the video material. The lectures are brief, uninspiring, and relate in NO WAY to the actual Quizzes. This is a dismal presentation of the subject, and it is clear zero effort was put into developing the course. The team really phoned it in here - just threw some slides up and a couple teleprompter style videos. I've been more educated watching my kid watch YouTube videos of other people playing Minecraft!  That's how miserable this course is.  Good luck with the quizzes, maybe google some definitions or something.
The material is impossibly worded so if you are not a economics or finance student but want to increase your financial literacy it's useless. The classes drag on and on and on and are thrown together quite haphazardly with no discernable progression of ideas or sense of cohesiveness. The examples are so convoluted, you just want them to be over and done with. As there is very little in the way of proper explanation of concepts, you're likely to be confused The quiz consists of questions so long that by the time you're done reading them you don't even know what the question is and you have 0 desire to answer it at all and I can truly say, a google search does a much better job of explaining any of the concepts in the course than reading the material. IF YOU'RE NOT A FINANCE/ECONOMICS/MATHEMEATICS MAJOR and you thought the course would be a useful tool for personal financial literacy and decision-making...it's a hard no.
Overall, did not enjoy the course, sorry. The design was just a hot mess. I sensed little effort from the course. Had I wanted to simply read PDF slides, then I would've visited another source, rather than engage in Coursera. It basically defeats the purpose. Moreover, the instructor just talks about exactly what's in the reading material so I started skipping the videos in the second week. The quizzes were of questionable design, and I don't know how correct answers became correct answers. Further explanation to the answer key would help. Quite frankly, just go with Investopedia - they have a concise article about Behavioral Finance anyways.
Even though the content was extremely interesting, the performance of lecturers were poor. If I didn't want to learn from videos by known universities, I would just buy the relevant textbook and learn it myself, which in this situation happened. Videos weren't even covering whole content the slides were about, and there were no questions in videos/slides similar to those in quiz. A 10 minute video of Market Bubbles & Crashes would be more beneficial than reading from an outside source. I am happy that I completed such an interesting an important course, however the design of the course and lecturer's performance was low.
The layout and presentation of this course is clunky and not intuitive. It assumes a grasp on a priori knowledge--which, for a beginners course, does not seem wise. Perhaps the juxtaposition of this course against Dr. Shiller's Financial Markets course (which I just now completed) makes this one come off as worse than it is. The reading material is written in an annoying "hold your breath to find out why this makes sense" style. Regardless, I'm un-enrolling after slogging through the first week and will look for another course on behavioural finance.
The course was very interesting. But one thing to note is that there is a lot of reading to do and a lot less explanation is given by the lecturers. On top of that, the examples in the quizzes were quite vague and exhaustive. And armed with limited knowledge, I found it very difficult to go through them. Also, I got no review/correction as to why did the option I selected was wrong. This way I could have corrected myself
The course is very light on substance.  There are significantly better courses and books available on the same subject matter.  I definitely would not recommend this course.
Worst course I have done on Coursera. You are expected to learn almost everything from a few pdfs and lectures do not cover much. Definitely not recommended.
The worst course ever. There is no matching between course video content and question. Not much explanation about the biases.
I was looking more for a beginners level course for money management, and this was more geared towards finance.
Certificate is not there ...And after completing of course I didn't get my certificate
too much reading  ....explanation is poor.... less understanding
very poor. expected much more and better explainations.
extremely impractical, confusing notes and tests
Complex concepts were not explained well.
The course covers the basic
foundations of behavioral finance, especially prospect theory and various
cognitive biases that negatively influence our decision making in financial affairs. The topics
covered are definitely very interesting and the lecturers frequently prove that
they know what they are talking about and explain some topics in adequate depth
and breadth. For a valuable
Coursera course I am expecting that most of the material is covered with video
lectures (otherwise I read a book on that matter) and I am expecting thought-through
slides with clear definitions, clear practical examples and exercises, and the
presentation of experimental proofs for the given statements. Regrettably,
most of this course is comprised of simple slides with limited structuring, as definitions,
exercises, and proofs are often intermingled. More importantly, only a very limited
subset of the course is covered with the suitable and valuable video lectures.Especially
the last of the three-week course consist mostly of reading material from an
external website.The
exercises after each of the three weeks are at the lower end of what I have
seen on Coursera and the lecturers should consider putting more effort in
creating useful questions for formative and summative evaluations of the
learning progress.In summary,
smart lecturers present a very interesting and highly relevant topic, but they
put to little effort in creating a compellingly online course.
While the topic is interesting, the materials are poor and the lectures are not particularly insightful. The slides have several mistakes and typos, which makes you doubt the whole course. The speakers are not engaging and it just looks like no effort was made in preparing this course. Additionally, the materials do not prepare you for the review, and on weeks 2 and 3 (the hardest) you don't have a chance to review the questions or correct your mistakes. The course really needs some improving!
I believe many of the concepts in the quizzes were not covered in sufficient details neither in the videos nor in the supplementary materials. Overall there was not enough material provided on the subject.
Not enough materials in the video. Most of the info are in the reading.
Basically not much content. The guest speaker uses unnecessarily weird examples in his talk.
In comparison to other courses on here I felt that this was poor. It is very light on content, the videos are very short, and the accompanying reading is extremely brief, light, and doesn't really even give basic definitions of what terms mean. When answering the quiz questions I had to rely on my own knowledge for most things because nowhere does it say something as simple as "this behavioural bias can be defined as follows". Generally, everything is very convoluted, doesn't give appropriate context as to what behavioural finance is or even why it came about.Overall very poor - you can get more just researching it yourself or reading the basics on Wikipedia to be honest.
The course is mismarketed as Behavioral Finance, when really its mostly (80%) basic behavioral "economics" that is just as well described in several popular books. The only areas they attempt to relate to finance are 1) mutual funds fees don't justify performance 2) past asset bubbles. Jack Bogle could have told you in the 1970s about #1 above and its nothing new for most people these days. Similarly while asset bubbles are interesting, there is no forward looking views on how understanding behavioral paradigms can help either prevent bubbles or help investors make better decisions during a bubble.
I'm very disappointed with this course. The course materials resembles a bunch of notes jolted together, like a jigsaw puzzle with many missing pieces. I can't make sense of the theory yet. And, I consider myself quite a bright person who is constantly taking courses on Coursera. I finished this course if the feeling I haven't learnt that anything. I expected the video lessons would put some sense into the slides, but they are close to useless, which is a pity as this is the only course on Behavioural Finance on Coursera. I'm very frustrated and disappointed :-(
This course offers interesting content via slide decks that are the focal point of the course. In my opinion, the videos did not provide any additional information that was not laid out in the slides. The professors are clearly very experienced on the topics. I would have loved to hear more from them instead of reading slide decks.I would like for the quizzes to provide some form of feedback around why a user got the question correct or incorrect. I would also like for the videos to be the focal point of the course with animations and graphs.
I've taken several Coursera courses, and this is the worst one by far. Yes there is useful information, but it is very poorly taught. The video presentations don't add much beyond the reading assignments. And the "quizes" are an extension of the material, more like homework than a quiz. I would think Duke University would be embarrassed to put their name on this course. After all, that's where Dan Ariely calls home, so the university has talent, but it is not on display here.
The topics are very interesting, but they are also very complex, and I don't think they were explained in sufficient detail, which caused the exams to be frustrating. Further, an answer key was only provided for the Week 1 exam, and I still don't know why some answers were correct or incorrect on the other exams. I also don't find the use of both videos and documents to be useful as most of the information seemed to be included in the documents.
While it was interesting, The materials itself I felt was poorly written. When taking the test I found myself thinking this did not go over any of what was in the lesson plans. They need to offer definitions of the words and examples. But for the value I thought it was a fair price. I am however having issues trying to share certificate via anything.
The content in the slides are good and interesting but other than that it is really not worth doing this course. There are a very few videos and most of the concepts that are important are not covered in them. Videos seem to be missing in the course and the flow of content is not in a proper manner. Not satisfied with this course at all.
The concepts weren't that clear and and the number of example weren't enough to connect the dots. for new comers like me this course is hard to understand and anticipate the answers. I did it anyways after 12 attempts on the final assignment. I wish to  refer to the content available again to freshen up my knowledge again. Thank you
Not enough reading material according to questions in quizes and also given material did not explain all the biases sufficiently for answearing questions in quizes. Quiz in week 1 was great because of explanations and I also could see which answer did I pick. Other two quizes showed only if the answear was correct.
The course material is not at all good, this course is an epitome of teaching what a tree is and asking in quiz what is the distance between Sun and Moon. The definitions and explanations of all biases were missing , a basic idea is presented but it is incomplete and insufficient .
The subject matter is good, but the course does not adequately explain behavioral finance concepts.  Most of the course consists of slide decks to read.  There is a dearth of video content.  I expected better quality from a course provided through Duke University.
Very poorly executed course, makes you do most of the work yourself. Learn yourself through reading more than what is presented in the videos and reading materials. Grossly under-estimates the time commitment required to complete the course. Not recommended.
Interesting topics, but the course is not well structured, so a bit confusing. Also course views on active vs. passive investing seems too black/white, and does not take the most recent academic evidence into account.
Too many documents to read and very few videos. The videos were not very good either. The instructor(s) should have put more effort into building the online course instead of just putting up the reading material.
Lots of readings! Would have loved a more engaging format. Also found the content slightly ambiguous, you might have to do some trial and error and might be surprised at the answers in the quiz.
The lecture is non-useful. The ppt slides are ok but hard to generate information. It is hard to complete and learn knowledge from this course.
I'm really interested in material like this but I found the tests to be unfair (questions on untaught material, use of ambiguous language)
The course concentrates mainly on readings. I hope that they include more video resources explaining the course in detail.
The course contents are interesting but the explanation provided is not sufficient to understand certain topics.
it is a very good and useful course but the content is too little so that I cannot understand the context.
The quizzes were very vague in my opinion and there wasn't enough resources provided
It's a good course  from that I had learned  basic things of finance
Not great, very strange examples, badly explained.
The learning path is not smooth
Not well structured.
The course information was fairly useful, but the execution not so much. The material spent more time on somewhat repetitive examples than it did on explaining the actual concepts those examples were illustrating, and the videos were primarily just lecturers reading parts of the slides that you had already read, but in their own words. The tests, sadly, were poorly-designed for the subject matter of the course. Behavioral biases - like many psychological phenomena - overlap to some degree, and the frequently-used format of 'choose all that apply' - or worse 'choose all that might apply' - resulted in trying to guess what the test-setter was looking for rather than trying to apply the information that had been learned. When you find yourself trying to decide between the best answer based on what you have learned and a conceptually worse answer that happens to meet the wording of the question - and trying to guess whether the test-setter is looking to prove your understanding or catch you in a mistake - then you start to suspect that the course has been designed more as a way to earn grades than to actually learn.
The program of the course is very interesting. To me a better link within the biases and the cases shown in the test would help a lot the students to memorize concepts faster. The reading material is quite a lot and sometimes it seems like more pencilled notes for a lecture that a real "manual", that is worth to have for study but also as a valuable take away after the course. To me it was so not easy to fully understand at the at a glance the connection between biases and real cases. If I may I suggest to split the course in 4/5 weeks (so to dilute a bit the assimilation), to structure a bit more the reading material (as a quick manual more than supporting slides) and to set more exercises to learn fast connecting biases with real examples or cases. This course has a lot of potential to me and in any case gave me a lot of food for thought! Thanks to Duke University and to its Professors for this opportunity!
I very much enjoyed the information contained in the course - however I did find that it was difficult to apply some of the very nuanced biases to the financial problems posed in the quiz when many of the biases were used in examples outside of the stock market in the course readings leading up to the quiz.  I really wish there were more examples for each bias (and more from the world of finance) because some biases were really hard to distinguish from one another.  On one hand I did like that I wasn't spoon fed the information for the quizes but on the other I don't feel as though I was fully equipped to answer some of the quiz questions due to the way the information had been presented. 
The information built on itself so I found myself going back to week 1 information and week 2 information in week three.
The course gives you a nice introduction into the world of behavioural finance but fails to take it any further. There isn't a lot of in-depth theory about the various biases that have been mentioned which sometimes makes it difficult to completely grasp them. Also, the first-week quiz had answer explanations with it, which is IMO very useful; the second and third-week quizzes fail to provide any such help. Because of this and lack of participation in the discussion forums, it becomes very difficult to understand some questions. Overall, I had some fun while doing this course, behavioural finance is a field in which I wanted to dive in for a long time, and this course actually gave me a good start. So for everyone who's looking to learn something about it, I would suggest you give it a chance.
The concepts presented in the course were all exciting, interesting and helpful. The faculty seemed knowledgable on the subject. And this inspired confidence in me as I began. However, I found that the video material was underwhelming in that it did not do justice to the depth of the reading material provided. The reading material left me with questions, which I hoped would be clarified in the videos, but that did not happen. I often saw myself referring to YouTube to seek explanations. I often struggled to find reliable definitions of the terminology used in the course. And that did not help when I was doing the quiz. Many concepts from the quiz were simply left out from the course (e.g. Stages in a bubble). I had to do exhaustive googling in order to answer the questions in the quiz.
A comprehensive list of biases in the content was selected. The professors are very good at explaining the content in the video lessons. However, there were  just too few of them and too much to read on our own. Also the written material explain biases and effects in a bit of a complicated manner. At the end of the reading, usually I didn't know what was theory, what was a bias and what was an"effect" or a fallacy. When a bias relates to another bias, sometimes a famous one not originated in the behavioral finance theory, then it get even more confusing. Even with those issues, I liked the course and would love to have personal classes with the professors some day. Duke university seems to be really top notch.
This course gives you a basic understanding of the main financial biases. Everything is shown mostly through examples which, in general, are very interesting. However, in my opinion, the course is very disorganized. Instead of devoting a single section to one topic, topics are spread through several several pdf's. This makes it very difficult to review one topic, as you have no other choice but to glance through all the pdf's to view the material on a single topic. Also, the videos are kind of irrelevant as they simply and very briefly summarize parts of the pdf's that you have already seen without providing any additional content or value.
I think that the material was fairly straightforward, but the process of teaching it felt like it can be improved. There are many nuances in the definitions, and i don't think there was enough time spent discussing these nuances. Subsequent quizzes throw questions at you in hopes that you remember these nuances, but don't do much to help you understand what you've gotten wrong. The same can be said across some of the material where the notes themselves have random questions, but if you don't understand or know the answer, there's no easy way to find out what you misunderstood.
On the one hand, such a course is highly demanded and needed, for obvious reasons.  However, this particular course is a subject of further and considerable development, in my opinion, of course. 1. I was confused by all this new terminology. While I well informed about many things discussed and clearly understood the explanations, the terms themselves caused a lot of problems. 2. the manner of speech of the second teacher is not student-friendly. So, as a first step ok, but I rather avoid DUKE courses in future,,,
I liked the material given throughout the course. Interesting examples were chosen to help us understand the cognitive biases that include decision making, and the lecture slides were very helpful. My one gripe is that the quizzes did not give enough feedback. The last quiz seemed to have some material that was not covered in the course, and there was little to no feedback for the answers.Overall, I would recommend this course to a friend on the condition that more feedback be given for the quizzes.
I believed that the original length of this course is more than 3 weeks (the instructor even mentioned that the course is 14 weeks!?). The reason I point this out is because some of the questions in the quizzes does not cover in the lectures videos of the course. Hence, from my point of view, the quizzes is quite difficult even if you have completed all the lecture videos. Moreover, it would be great if the course have more than one instructor, otherwise it feel like a monologue.
Course material was inadequate. Certain biases were not explained properly with relevant examples. Quiz question were based on such biases & so it made it difficult for me to solve the quiz. Quiz answer explanations were not given. How are we supposed to know the reasoning behind correct answers without the explanations ? Please make these improvements. Apart from that I learnt quite a lot of basics from this course. It is now my duty to explore these topics further in-depth
In week 2 and 3, there is no explanation for which quiz answer is wrong and which right. It reduces the value of the course drastically, because the actual application of the learnings is not validated. This is even worse because for many questions, I wasn't 100% sure about the answer and was doubting between multiple answers (for both those where I answered right and wrong).The material as such is very interesting but it could have been so much better.
The course is good to an extent in view of the video lectures and Pdf provided. But the flow of the course is not uniform at all and we get easily confused with the flow. Also, the videos and pdf are a lot different from the quizzes present and it is really difficult to do the quizzes without prior knowledge. The course appears like a pdf reading course with very little explanation. So it is really difficult to get ahead in the course.
A good intro to the subject with generally helpful examples.  But the learner is on their own when it comes to figuring out the math and sorting out the various concepts (zero teacher support/presence).  Course content suggestions:  1.  explore the criticisms of behavioural finance or why the traditionalists are still holding out; 2.  greater focus on applications and how to counteract biases (rather than just classification of biases)
Although the course was an eye opener and insightful, there are a couple of things that I strongly believe could have been done better to improve the learning experience.First , solution and explanation sheet for all the quizzes is a must. Second, there were certain convoluted topics which could have been better addressed through video lecture. Overall as a subject the course definitely sparked my interest to continue further.
The questions in the quizzes require a lot of critical thinking that is not covered thoroughly in the video lectures. If you take this course for a certificate, then you might have to repeat the quizzes several times to pass the course. The lecture pdfs are very informative and are encouraging me to dive deeper into the subject. If problem-solving is given adequate attention, then it will be a fine course indeed.
Course content is great but course is mostly based on long reading slides. Too less video material, makes harder to understand. Estimated course duration is wrong, readings are all prescribed as 10 minutes as default but takes too much time; misleading. I liked the content, the quizes (quizes were hard and made me understand better); however I guess course should be improved with more videos and less readings.
They study material of the course could have been a bit more detailed. It was difficult to remember different kinds of behavioral biases all at one go. Also, after a point of time, it becomes difficult to differentiate between some biases. Instructors are humbly requested to elaborate much more on each of the biases during the videos. I personally found the explanation in the videos very abrupt and short.
The course was interesting but lacked interactive material. It would be better if they would have added more of video content and examples explained by the instructors. There were no answers given to the assignments for the week 2 and week 3, which made it more difficult to get anything out of the questions. Duke and Coursera should really consider to improve the teaching material of this course!
The course was highly stimulating and informative. However, for a course that preaches behavioural sciences, it sure seems quite obtuse while applying some of those principles in the MOOC itself. Since most of the course is in write-ups or readings, it is not particularly accessible or easy to comprehend for everyone.  They could definitely make the course more engaging with more videos.
Although the material is fascinating, the course seems like it was put together in a couple days with no regard to proper structure. The videos are very, very short and many of the quiz questions seem irrelevant--namely week 3's. I really like the material and I plan on taking another class on Behavioral Finance, though I can not recommend this course as a the best option.
The course has been made well, but the lack of explanation lies in some parts of the course. Also like week 1, explanation of answers should be given especially in week 2 where the syllabus was so much.Similarly in week 3, the stages of bubbles should have been first explained in the slides than directly asking in exam. Overall knowledgeable course.
I had a good experience of learning the wide stretches of cognitive biases that influence human behavior on spending and selling decisions. Prof. Emma Raisel's class was quite interesting as she emphasized the various biases under the guise of various expressions and it encouraged the learning process even more.
The weeks aren't evenly divided with reading and video materials. One week will have a lot of information with little time to read and watch the videos and then the test is usually on 1/4 of what you just read. While other weeks have little reading and videos. However, it had a lot of information.
The topic is extremely intersting, and the course is completely free, if you don't need the certificate. In the course you have a lot of reading to do and the videos are not always on point. If you read Daniel Kahnemann's Thinking fast and slow, you will get more out of this particular subject.
Needs more reading/resources. Most of the test questions were conceptual (a good thing), but I did not find that the material adequately prepared me to answer them. Either I missed where the material was located (possible), or it is lacking. The info that was presented was well done.
The Course material is really good, but the examples could have been more diverse and the videos could have been targeted at topics beyond the PDF material. The questions were tricky and a little unexpected. One could have built a little line of thought before entering the questions.
Video Lectures covered partial course content. PDFs provided also left out some details which formed a pat of Week 3 Quiz. Could have been made much more interactive and interesting by including real world interviews and the design of course content could also be made moe engaging.
My only complaint is that there is too little actual videos while the quizzes required us to study A LOT beyond the videos. Videos could have been much more comprehensive with more examples. That being said, I have never found a course so relevant and challenging.
Introduces interesting concepts however quiz was often unreflective of the content being taught. Enrol in the course to have a brief understanding of how our we act against ourselves in the financial markets but do not expect much learning outcomes from the quiz.
Videos had almost nothing to add. Gaps in theory and terminology. Some terms appeared in the tests for the first time. Bibliography and additional material for further understanding should be added. Very interesting topic. Course should me more extensive.
A very well designed course. I need time and patience to understand the practical applications of all the concepts being taught. I love the examples that have been explored in the course. Hoping for more core finance related examples in the future.
The course is great, content is very good and the tests are challenging, I wish the videos were more in depth and explained the math better. The discussion forums were good but not very active. I wish you could get answers from the professors.
Interesting course, nevertheless, many concepts find very useful definition, only as the replies to the quizz.Same thing for the last quizz which explains the different biases during "bubbles", but do not give advices on how to bypass them
Course content is quite interesting and easy to apply to day-to-day life but I feel the content is not taught in a logical order. Th videos available for this course could be increased to cater to more of the content shared in the slides.
Very interesting topic and content, but it's mostly reading the PDFs, and the quizzes do not correlate well the with course. The four phases of a bubble was a large part of quiz 3 but was hardly discusses in the course.
I would have liked this course to be longer, so that the information could have been spread out among more lectures, rather than so much information condensed into one week. It made the exams a little confusing.
The course offered by Duke University is good. Very generic terms and lessons. Would have liked it more if they would've made a video on the bubble crash lessons and not attach a link for the learners to read.
The subject is interesting. However, a few explanations can be improved/added. 2 of the 3 quizzes don't have explanations, and sometimes in the material questions are left unattended or answered vaguely.
Very interesting course, but I think that it should have explanations in all quizzes as it has in the first one. Altough, there were some terms and bias that weren´t explained in the lectures or videos
The material is good, although it's hard to tell just how much of the biases you learn.  The examples and quizzes are challenging, sometimes it's really hard to understand the logic behind the answer.
I expected more engagement and exposure to Nudge theory and other key theories of behavioural economics from this course. Overall, it's a nice course but lacks continuity and is abruptly ended.
Thank you for the course!Lots of good things, though I would have preferred a deeper dive into the biases, the root causes, manifestations and generally a little bit more detailed perspective.
The first two weeks were great, they were more behavioural economics than behavioural finance specifically. The last week was not up to scratch, readings from the popular press, not experts.
The course is simple, but the quiz have many items that the course itself does not mention. Interesting to know so many human irrational behaviors, although need to google many definitions.
I liked the topics covered, but I thought that the course could have been more technical. I also think one major issue was that the quizzes were not well aligned with the course content.
week 2 is too long , can split it and have more interaction with videos and a quiz and finally get some answers to the quizes once solved to get a thorough understanding like in week 1
It lacks of video lectures so I had to rely on notes only. The course's content is interesting and has potential to give learner more depth of topics. Hope it will be improved soon.
Different bias should be explained and then put in the quiz. 2. Videos were explaining what the reading material only. No new learning. 3. More simple examples should be added.
Useful course but explanation for answers to the quiz questions could have been much better. Quiz questions do not always seem to be based on concepts covered in the course.
Informative yet the presentation of the course material could have been much better in order to suite all classes of individuals(coming from a non-finance background).
Theory should have been more elaborate,quizzes should not be concentrating on one aspect viz asset bubble 7 questions.We have to refer many books,internet etc.
Very interesting topic and great instructors.Unfortunately, many things were not covered by video lectures. It often felt like there were parts missing.
A very interesting course, but it needs to be made more exhaustive in terms of explanations and lecture coverage. Definitely helps meet my objectives.
While the content is interesting, having the videos deal with more content and reducing the reading material would make it a lot more accessible .
The lectures dont cover all the subjects discussed.I would be delighted to listen to lectures about economic bubbles and non rational behavior.
There is a lot( A LOT) of reading. Though content is  very good. Would have been better if more of the reading part was explained in videos.
I feel the course needs more scaffolding and further explanation of the abstract concepts to gain further understanding before the quizzes.
I think this course is great as an introduction to behavioral finance, however I think the content lacks depth and is rather superficial.
Would definitely need detailed answers to questions, esp after the quizzes. Week one was great, but struggled with Weeks 2 and esp. 3.
Its really nice to learn about this as it helps investors in making decisions after considering their irrational behaviour
The course is well designed, especially the case study examples. However, exercise questions are not that clear.
Video material was not sufficient, some quiz questions were not mentioned neither in the reading nor lectures
Good concepts but the lectures were a bit 'all over the place'.  No as structured as I would have expected.
Basic introduction to Behavioral Finance - mostly application of terms on exams that did not tie to lect
A more in depth course would be great. this barely scratches the surface. but as an intro it works well.
The course content is extremely good but the answers and explanations to the quizzes must be provided.
You should divide week two in 2 or 3 weeks.  The concepts are interesting but nor very well explained.
Certain concepts were not clear. Had difficulty in understanding the terms with appropriate examples
Not very easy to understand specially for someone without much background on finance and economics.
Good information provided. A little bit hard to keep up pay attention to the video lectures.
Interesting topics, but the quality of the course, materials and tests is just disgusting.
Its a little confusing, and the videos do no have all the material needed for the exams
Felt like most quiz questions were related to concepts not covered in the materials.
The lectures need to be improved and increased instead of putting more readings
There could be more explanations of behavioural biases in each example given.
More videos, inclusive of illustrations, can improve it a lot
Very light on content, but a useful intro course all the same
Promising, but too short. Also more readings than videos.
Topics on the exam were not covered in the material.
I miss some definitions about the course.
Study information could more detailed.
Nothing great as per my expectations
Videos should be more interactive
Need more explanation videos
introductory, not too deep
Excessively short course.
The course is great but the last two exams are poorly structured: the point is to not simply pass the exam, but to be able to learn from my mistakes.  It was pretty straightforward to accomplish the feedback I sought with the explanations offered on the first test, but the second and third tests were practically impenetrable. Further, navigating back and forth is ridiculously difficult: only the results for week one are the default; the others require much effort.  I still haven't been able to review or redo the second test, nor have I been able to find the course material for week 2.  I enjoyed the course, and the instructors were first rate, but there's some serious infrastructural improvements need to make your roadways way more passable.  Thank you, and I hope Duke takes my comments seriously: if you're reaching out to the world, it's best to put on one's Sunday best.
The readings for week 2 and 3 could have explained the biases in more detail using examples, so that the questions on the quiz don't look alien while still being challenging. Could have benefitted from Quiz Answers and explanations for weeks 2 & 3, just like the ones provided for week 1, so that we know where we went wrong. Really liked the Jean-Paul Rodrigues questions on Week 3 quiz. Liked how links were provided for supplementary material about Bubbles and Crashes - would have liked similar links for other weeks- to read on my own and enhance my learning. Great course, a very new field for me. This course has gotten me very interested in exploring this domain further.
This is a good course. My first foray into behavioral finance and I am very interested and ready now to dig deeper into the subject. The only reason I am not giving a 5 star is because I felt the lectures could have been a little more detail oriented and not as precisely up to the point as they were.  Given that I am a non-finance person, it took me a little longer to grasp a few things. But I like and respect the teachers and clearly they had full grip on the subject. Highly recommend to anyone to can accept the fact the behavior and biases play a major role in our financial decision making process.
It provide me a brief understanding in the area Behavioral Finance. While, I think we could still imporove the course in some ways, 1. the structure is not so clear. It's better to index the points by numbers. 2. I think we could provide more video explanation for some points, it just skip the video explanation form some key tersm.  i.e. framing. 3. I am not familiar with some historical financial crisis that exists in the tests, I think if those were replaced with some all-well-know knowledge will be better.
I have always pondered about why people make irrational economics decisions. This course gave me a framework to examine those. The professors present in a very straight forward way, and offer a multitude of hypothetical examples. Some of the questions on the exams did call out biases that were not explicitly called out in the lectures or readings. My only other suggestions for improvement are to lengthen this course to four weeks, and to consider offering a more advanced follow-on course.
I really enjoyed the Behavioral Finance course from Duke University. There was a good balance between independent reading and videos explaining some of the difficult topics in more depth. There was a good range of practical implications discussed, both related to finance and more broadly. I found the assessment very difficult and at times the questions seemed very broad and not very relevant to the course content. Overall I thoroughly enjoyed the Behavioral Finance course!
This course was really useful. The course differs in some ways by having lots of material to read and fewer lectures. But some of the nature of biases cant merely be presented by video. It does cover many of the biases and now that I know about them I can hopefully sidestep them when I see them. Overall its definitely worth your time. I would have liked to see a bit more content and have the exams be a bit more thorough with more explanations and hence the 4 stars.
This course has very interesting and complete content. However, for begginers it can be a bit hard to take all quizes successfully at first attempt, due to the high number of concepts addressed in the videos and articles. Some concepts seems obvious at first, but a begginner can get confused among them. Maybe the material should be better organized in topics, in order to facilitate the comprehension of different ideas. Nevertheless, I highly recommend this course.
While Interesting material, wish there were more examples.  A bit of a potpourri of terms, a glossary would have been helpful.  Videos did a nice job of filling in pieces.  Also perhaps I rushed, but didn't sense a thread throughout the material.  Readings/case studies in week 3 from thebubblebubble.com were interesting, would have like some discussions from course professors on one or two rather than only being asked about them in the week three quiz.
Comprehensive course on behavioural economics with a focus on getting those constraints in thinking and alternatives for rational thought explained in clear language. Although some prior knowledge in economics comes in handy, this course is clear enough to follow and complete for those with no experience in the dismal science. The video's are clear, the reading consists of college slides and the examples give a clear reading of complex processes.
For people who think that they are interested in the field of Behavioral economics, this course could be a great starting point. Also,the course material (parts of it) have valuable, real life applications for you and me, which could mean the difference between an average life of common American or a quality life, build on profitable, solid, and well strategized financial decisions, knowing where the inherent biases in the human behavior lie.
This is a great starter course/primer for behavioral finance! I would like to thank Dr Rasiel for the contents of this course.Recommendations for improvement:-Create a single sheet defining the biases contained in the course for easy reference.-Add more examples and retrospectives that explain the similarities and differences between the biases.Overall, I really enjoyed the course and look forward to additional courses on Behavioral Finance.
I loved the course! I felt it help me with understanding finance, financial bubbles, why markets crash and why we make the decisions we do faced in different scenarios and situations. I did feel there were a lot of things in the quizzes that were not covered in the reading material and videos. I found myself getting a lot of my answers from outside sources. overall I enjoyed the course and feel more confident in my investing!
It's a great course, clear explanations and simple videos.The missing star was lost on the way that misleading or undefined bias are presented, especially during the different decision phases. I would like to propose to discuss a case of a stock share in a timeline, to see whether this "panic" or "overconfidence" applies, and also in global macroeconomics (e-g. the PIGS bubble, the debt bubble)
Its quite challenging to pass the quizes, especially if you are a beginner. And because its challenging to pass (or at least it seemed so), if you pass you gain a sense of achievement and learning.Overall it was a great course, i have two areas of improvement to suggest:1. Topics and course material can be more structured2. Length of the course seemed short
Interesting course. I just wished there was more interaction and discussion and that there is further clarification regarding the length of the course.Right at the start Ms. Rasiel mentioned a 14-week course.  I feel there's more to the course but I wasn't able to take advantage of it.  There were also some videos that seem to start mid-way already.
Contains a lot of excellent information. A very interesting course, and very useful for understanding our own biases and how people make sub-optimal choices. Unlike most courses on Coursera, you need to read the written pdf files as well as watch the videos - the videos alone don't cover all the information you need to pass the final.
I found this course really interesting and very beautifully instructed. Week 2's course content is the most crucial aspect of this course. 10/10 recommendation to finance and economics backgrounds students. Won't take much time to understand the concepts because they have been very practically explained using day-to-day examples.
I had a tougher time with this course than I thought I would. The supplemental materials were inadequate and I had a difficult time grasping the biases. Thankfully, the Internet was helpful. In all, I got a greater appreciation of behavioral economics. It is beyond money. It is in everything including the life choices we make.
A Great course indeed. This course will add more value to your existing knowledge and will make sure you learn something more. Prof Emma is really very knowledgeable ,The quiz in the course is challenging. I would highly recommend this course for those who want to enhance their knowledge pertaining to behavioral finance.
I hope the lecture is more connected to the reading, but with more different examples to fully explain those concepts. Also, it would be great if professors can help us differentiate those similar concepts in the lecture. Lastly, please add feedback of correct answers and explanation after quize questions! Thank you!
Very interesting course, I learned new terminology and it will be able to analyse certain behavior that I am noticing daily at work. The only minus that why is not 5 * is the presentations. They need a bit of work to be more attractive. PDF format is ok but not really helpfull to scroll down and read. Thank you!
Needs a lot of extra reading for students with little finance/econ background, but still quite fruitful study experience, especially if you take the quiz also as part of the learning and as a way to supplement with and consolidate the class materials. Appreciate the professors' vivid lecture talks. Thanks!
The course was helpful in understanding the different behavioural biases in the field of finance. The slides are presented with good examples. However, the examples need to be more clearer and a simple explanation should also be included for the students who have never read about the investment area.
I would like to thank Duke University for introducing this new course. I would like to express my gratitute and thanks to the tutors for helping me to understand the concepts. Thank you Coursera. I would like to read further on this topic. Please suggest me reading relating to Behavioral Finance.
Good course. I wish there was more commentary on personal finance and investing in real world situations. It gets most into that in the last section. I would like to have an entire section on the bubble curve and the various human biases experienced throughout market roller coasters like that.
The course is beneficial. But the concepts are not explained elaborately. As such at certain point it becomes difficult to understand the concepts of the entire programme. This need to be taken care of by the course reachers and the administration.Bipanchee Goswami. India.
Very interesting topic. The content is good, the videos are simply the reading of the PDFs and the Quizzes lack a further explanation. For a glimpse into the topic this course is excellent. Maybe the authors could pick up the feedback provided and enhance the course.
A great course to start with to understand basics of Behavioural finance. I have one suggestion , Can you please add the names of researchers who have done the researches you mention in your course. It can help students who want to know more about it. THANK YOU !
I enjoyed the course and the materials -the lectures were very good. However, i felt that the week 3 test was a bit tough since there were some terminologies which weren't discussed in the course or which had alternative names on the course. Overall, a thumbs up!
The course was very interesting, but I think that it was not covered all the information that it was asked in the last quiz. Therefore the only suggestions is to provide more information regarding the 3 week's topic.But in the overall, the course was really good.
I wish the course was a little more exhaustive. SOme of the concepts explained needed a little more in-depth analysis for better understanding so that the quizzes would be slightly less challenging to attempt. I really enjoyed the course otherwise!
This is a very good course to gather knowledge about the behavioral biases of investors. I have also learned about various market crashes and the behavioral biases behind fueled the crash. Thanks for the financial aid and for a informative course.
This course will not only help in making wise financial decisions, but also in the decision making of day to day tasks. The material provided could have been more direct, rather than indirect, but it does challenge your thinking so no worries.
This course was a great introduction to the topic with some vivid examples. It encourages to dive deeper into the field of behavioral finance.The tests could be improved with an explanation of the results to foster the trainees understanding.
Perhaps add some investment strategies to the class?  Ones that can be used to make money by understanding the market's behavioral biases, rather than simply avoiding mistakes in personal investing by knowing one's own behavioral biases.
I have never tough that taking financial decisions was that influenced by our behaviors. In fact I see my self taking decisions before this course. I said if knew I would... But now I know I will, even do there is a lot more to learn.
Lot of example from many aspects of daily life.Many be too few analysis of real crisis (except the subprimes) and would have expected more direct examples on actual trading errors to have a better link with finance & capital markets
I loved the course and how the content was presented, but I think it could have gone to more deapth. With three weeks, it is very shourt, could have been a few more weeks with additional topics. However, a good entry level course.
Enjoyable course, with a lot of practical cases from real-life. I would have given 5 stars if course modules had more videos of the professor explaining the concepts and if quizzes had answer keys explaining the correct answers.
Interesting course about behavioral biais with many examples and cases. Altough I expected a course more oriented into financial decisions on how to learn to avoid financial bias and make better decisions I still learned a lot.
A very interesting and useful course. I had some difficulty distinguishing some of the biases - it is like some of them are nested within others, which makes choosing the one that is most relevant to a situation quite tricky.
It was an interesting course, really helped me understand how our brain plays tricks on us. A small complaint would be that for Quiz 2 and 3, explanation should also be given like in Quiz 1. That would be really beneficial.
This course makes me realize how consumer commonly made a mistake while purchasing something, more when we decided to buy something big like house, car, and many more. It is beneficial for those who like marketing.
Need more examples for week 2 courses and week 3 courses, to make it more understandable. Also, few concepts can have links for further reading in the slides shared to have more reliable resources to learn further.
Very interesting subject and the quizzes are very well designed. Slides provided are very informative and and easy to understand.Quizzes should have proper feedback so that we can know where we are going wrong.
The mass of information is a little hectic. Would appreciate more explanations and also more questions as to what will most likely happen instead of why exactly smth has happened. Especially in the final tasks.
The videos were very short and the topics were not fully covered even in PPTs. However, the content was really interesting. But please include answer explanations to Quizzes 2 & 3. They were really confusing.
The course was rigorous and difficult; however I expected more practical examples and an in-depth explanation of the bias.Along with it, a glossary of different kinds of bias would have been appreciable.
The course was good and the material was interesting. I wish that the course were more video-based however. There are some videos but they are meant to be played at specific points during the reading.
The course was pretty good, required a lotta pre requisites and most of all the professors were amazing but didn't teach much less scenarios and no answers to the questions asked in assignments
Very interesting and fun to learn. The slides could have more details or provide reading to better understand the concepts separate to the examples. Thoroughly enjoyed though, would recommend!
Overall, the content was excellent. More practical examples of practicing the principles would have been helpful for completing the exam as well as absorbing the content into long term memory.
Great brief introduction to behavioral finance. Covers many topics, directly to the point. Only preferred change would be more videos rather than readings but otherwise phenomenal course.
The Courses tell us about about a number of biasis using good example. It would have been much more interesting if biases were explained using more example of bubbles and crisis.
It was a great experience, and i was able to learn and enhance all my concepts. This course helped me to brush up and have clarity towards all the concepts related to finance.
Need someone to respond if we have doubtsInclude reading materials too for further referenceToo much of overlap between video and text content, Need to differentiate both
At times felt like we hadn't actually learnt the material in the quizzes. Also no quiz explanations which would have been useful. Course otherwise was engaging and fun.
The course was extremely detailed and valuable for me. However, I do wish that there were answer explanations at the end of each quiz so I could see where I went wrong!
Explanatory answers which were provided in 1st week could have been provided in the second and the third week quiz as well for better understanding of our mistakes.
Course was excellent ....content was limited and video lecture were very short. More theory for reading needed but examples were nicely put for better understanding
It is a great course which taught me a lot about how the world operates and the common mistakes which are made . It is an excellent and I highly recommend it .
I have learned a lot of topics from Behavioral Finance course. Almost all the topics with a real life examples made me understand more even better and simple.
Although the course was interesting, the quizzes were not related to the lectures and slides. I was mostly reliant on third-party materials to solve the quiz.
This is helpful to understand financial phenomenon with another view points. but the several concepts are ambiguous and some quiz doesn't make sense, I think.
A different and interesting perspective to look in the field of finance. Content is little confusing and more of self study component, but overall it's worth.
Thoroughly enjoyed the content of the course. The flexibility also allowed me to schedule my learning through my normal busy day-to-day schedule. Thank you.
The Couse was well equipped with certain example that can clear the concepts of biases we have in our daily life while dealing with our day to day finances
Excellent materials but i would like to have the explanations to the quiz answers so that I can figure out the answers to the questions I missed.  Thanks.
Too much reading, not enough videos. I needed approximately 10-12h (and not 5h) to read, understand and process everything, otherwise very good content !
I'm a beginner in Economics so it was a little tougher than I imagined but overall, very interesting and the professors explained as best as they could.
While some of the topics on the exams, could have had better coverage in the course materials, it was nonetheless an interesting and informative class.
Week 3's lecture and reading materials are inadequate for preparing for the week 3 quiz. I wish more videos and readings would have been uploaded.
Interesting -supported by theory- insight on how financial decisions are made and in which false assumptions/predictions decision makers ¨fall¨.
Comprehensive in the context of time limitations. A good method to introduce the nomenclature and concept definitions to ignoramuses like me.
This is a good introductory course.  It is well taught and opened up a new level of understanding about decision-making processes and trends.
I like that if makes you apply concepts instead of just asking, but would have liked explanations to answers of some questions (esp Week 2)
Such an amazing course, I wish there were more videos by Professor Rasiel in general specially with respect to crashes and bubbles. Thanks
I really enjoyed the course and would love to go more in-depth into these basis as I feel it just scratches the surface on this subject.
Well presented and interesting topic. However, it seemed to be some issues in regards to how the quizzes corresponded to the material.
The lectures do not explain the biases quite clearly to understand them thoroughly or completely. Other than that a great course.
This course has really helped understand why people make decisions that they make and how to avoid these mistakes in investment.
More extensive examples to understand the biases. More feedback on the quizzes.Only week 1 quiz had feedback with explanations.
Very helpful though it is short and rather confusing in search of better understanding, and to grasp concept of each theory.
Its great to find courses on this topic. Lectures are interesting. Maybe the third week seems like it is incomplete. Thanks
Very useful especially as an introduction to Behavioral Finance. Week 2 would have been better to be split over two weeks.
This course is an excellent overview of Behavioral Finance, in particular, the investor biases which reside in all of us.
The content of the course was very interesting. My one critique would be not providing explanations for the quiz answers.
It only had the answers or the test correction on the first test.After the course we could receive the answers by e-mail.
This course help me to remove many biases in decision make. I hope that in future I used this information in best way.
I really loved it. I liked the examples given especially and the  course material. Its really worth to do this course.
I enjoyed learning from the leaders in behavioral finance. Well worth the time and structure to complete the course.
The quizzes could be more numerical and have more relevant questions. Convert some of the readings into animations
Good Course too much to learn, but should have included a little more video lectures along with the readings.
3 weeks was a bit of a rush to get everything done, but the course was very informative and met expectations.
Too good. Lot of technical aspects were tried to explain. Still i feel explanation would have been provided.
good course gave a insight about how to manage finance and how to take decision during important times
A well presented and thought out course. Easily understandable slides and the videos are very helpful.
Short and fun course on Behavioral finance. However, there is much more reading material than videos.
It would be better to provide detailed explanation for the cases and questions raised in the slides.
It's a great course, however it's too short. It could be at least five additional hours of content.
video don't add much value to the readings; often questions are not related to the course content
Very good introduction to Behavioral Finance: concise and applicable in real economic situations.
ITS VERY HELP FULL TO UNDERSTAND MY FINANCIAL DECISION MAKING ERROR... THANKS TO ALL PROFESSORS
Very good course, interesting and well managed! Good slides, good lessons with good subtitles
wonderful and short course, but i believe the week 3 was much smaller and could be expanded
I find it is more about learning concepts and identifying them, rather than applying them.
Good course  but would have preferred  a way to find the answers to questions I got wrong
Trickier than expected - short time frame to correctly absorb all the heuristic patterns.
Really interesting course with lot of insights. Should have been more content though.
A very interesting course, but it relies more on reading rather than video lectures.
Very nice course. Insights on various behavioral biases is very good for beginners.
Good curse, but it needed to explain the answers for the quizzes in weeks 2 and 3.
It was a really interesting course but I think the biases could be explained more.
Very intersting course. I am a finance undergrad, and I found a lot of the in
highly informative and happy to take away  few important teachings with me!
Short but intense, excellent intro to the universe of Behavioral Finance
More clear examples and scenarios can be given for explaining each bias.
Helps understand investment behaviour and biases that exist in society.
can't understand some contents in it. and it is not so systematic
A little too basic for my tastes. Was expecting more material.
Great content, good videos. Material could be better though.
The reading can be reduced and lecture time can be inceased
More simple  examples are required for easy understanding.
The lessons were not organized well. But well informative.
Well designed Course to understand the Behavioral Fiance.
Good points and real examples. Interesting and inspiring
It will be great to have an explanation of the test.
Detailed solutions to week 2 and week 3 are missing
Excellent Course! Wish we could go in more depth!
Very interesting course, concepts and examples.
Please include more biases and case studies.
It would be nice to have more video content.
Very nice topic. Too much reading though.
a list of definitions might be useful
Best course,very good study material.
The course material was excellent.
Tests the understanding in depth.
Not very difficult to learn
Difficult but very valuable
An interesting subject area
worth the time to learn
great course and inte
Good course! There is just one thing I would improve here - an explanation of the mistakes after the tests are done. This improvement should increase the student`s understanding of specific topics.
Insightfull short course on psychological background on investing. Recommend this course for any investment professional or amateur to learn about the most common pitfalls in investing
"Rationality is an assumption in economics, not a demonstrated fact" I loved this course and all the content. It was kind of hard to understand since i don't have the basic knowledge about economics.
Very good course. I learnt about many biases which I often make in making financial decisions and now I hope I will correct those. Cheers to the team coursera for this course
Generally it's a fantastic online course, which gives me so much insight to an area I have previously unaware of. Behavioral Finance is meaningful because it takes human behavior factors into account of finance models, especially psychology factor. It offers me new insight into a study of interdisciplinary subjects. Class outlines and videos are well-organized and challenging. However, I think the test questions are sometimes a little bit difficult, and test2 and test3 should have answers and analysis like test1. It will always be better to review the knowledge you learned after making some mistakes and being eager to know the causes. Generally, I love the course!
Thank you very much for provide such an excellent platform to learn. I want to learn this course “Behavioural Finance” from last 3 years but don’t have path and guidance. But by Coursera with Tata capital I get this opportunity. 

As far as course is concern Excellent course. Helps to establish the balance between probabilistic truth and illusions that infect our decision-making. Insightful short course on psychological background on investing. The course is well designed, especially the case study examples.
This course is really interesting, especially for people that are into Business Management and Psychology. In my humble opinion, every human being is a decision maker in their everyday life and this course( in conjuction with other sciences) is a tool of paramount importance to make better and more effective decisions in the everyday life. I feel really happy to have had the opportunity to learn all that i have learned and become a better decision maker starting from..now!
Very interesting course and content! As a graduate in Economy and Master in Finance it was very interesting to see the other side that normally economists don't see. It was really interesting and marking knowing it exists the Prospect theory that is more precise explaining humar behaviour, that I've never heard about in my academic education. Also, seeing what is behind every market bubble or crash, helps giving new light to understand such events.
Great course! It allows to understand the twisted logic that run in our heads. Helps to establish the balance between probabilistic truth and illusions that infect our decision-making. Thanks a lot!
I was exposed to the topics for the first time. Hence, this is a beginner's feedback.I would have liked the course to be structured in the following manner - Week 1 - theoretical input; Week 2 - Introduction to all biases; Week 3 - Practical examples of specific biases exhibited in real life situationsSome of the biases in Quizzes are not part of the curriculum - does it mean they are false responses or the course did not cover them?
This is a great beginners course. It's challenging enough to keep you interested but not so much so as to make you feel out of depth and despaired. The 3 week program ramps up nicely and helps you ease into the material. There are more math than I was expecting but it's a finance course after all so it's not so surprising and one can still follow the course even if not comfortable with numbers.
A very well organized and time-flexible course that is suitable for people who have little knowledge about economics/finance but are eager to learn about the basics of behavioral economics. The course is relatively easy and the coursework is quite light, and the professor have made complicated economic concepts easy to understand (she explained them very clearly). Definitely worth a try!!!
I consider this course to of been a thought-provoking and rewarding lesson on the psychological pitfalls of investment decision-making. The course provided insight into how and why a market may fluctuate due to how we perceive and react to events. The exercises and examples were key in framing exactly how we make the mistakes and irrational choices in decisions about our money.
Excellent course. It actually makes you think through the concepts. It is not for those who need spoon feeding. This course has not only developed my knowledge but the perspective of conducting such course during this pandemic situation. The videos & course material is very engaging and thought provoking. I think that is the crux of Behavioral Finance.
turned out to be very demanding course. This course shed some light at the basics of behavioral finance. After the course, it is interesting indeed to continue education/self-education on the behavioral finance/economics issues. in addition, this course came just in time to help better evaluate current projects at work (financial institution)
I just stumble upon this course and like the lecturer says it's a relatively new school of thoughts. It combines psychology and finance or to say find psychology application in finance subjects.I did come around my university to find finance books written about this subjects but so disappointed I found none physical books, all are ebooks.
I got what I expected when I read the syllabus. This course will give you a general sense of the topic on hand. Discussions are mostly surface level but it is enough for you to understand different behaviours involved. Go take it if you want to start learning about behavioural finance and use this as a springboard to an in-depth journey
Was a major eye opener for learners and beginners  I could relate with most of the biases which were introduced in this subject was feeling reluctant as always to attempt the exam papers nonetheless I downloaded all the PDFs of all the chapters for life long learning which is most important for me as I am a potential future investor.
The course is very well designed. The tutorials, this course would offer is worth reading. The faculty, explained the concepts in a way that aspirants from various geographical locations can feel comfortable and understand them well. I would suggest all to pursue this course before they invest their money in market.
I have gained so much of practical knowledge by doing this course. The videos as well as the reading part are too good for a beginner like me. Overall I am very thankful to Coursera for providing me this platform to learn behavioral finance in such a short span of time, by giving me all the insights of the subject.
As a long time investor, I found this course is very helpful to get to learn how psychology affects our decision making everyday. It's not only help me to learn the bias but also find way of how to overcome it. The reading material is excellence having provided tons of case studies that we all can benefit from.
It was a very good experience to me. I have got to know many new things in the field of finance and markets. Most importantly I enjoyed this course from the start till the end. Thanks to the two professors who spent their time making this course online. I would recommend this course to my friends as well.
This course was really interesting and fun. I will definitely be reviewing the material as I begin to evaluate investments and other business opportunities in the future. I feel better equipped to make financial decisions and I will be able to ask smarter questions from my investment advisors.
Was maybe a little to high level for me but I enjoyed searching for things I did not understand. Thank you for making courses like this available.  I took it just because I was interested to recognize biases in my own investing. Knowing is being able to recognize and hopefully change them.
This is a decent course. You do need to have taken Macro - and Micro Economics for this course. This course is an introductory course to the world of finance. This course in a nutshell, teaches how we waste money, how we allow ourselves to be influenced by people to make us spend our money
This course has done an excellent job in teaching us new concepts and showing us our careless mistakes in investing through fun examples. Most of these matters often slip from our mind, but now, with the knowledge attained from this course, one can always look out for those little errors.
A very good course. Required readings and lectures are detailed. Will help create a strong platform for the human decision making bias and behavioral aspects on decision making. Detailed example and real cases make help better understand and relate the concepts. The instructors are great.
I really enjoy this course, the professors have a good way to simply explain complex concepts with cases. I just wish there were more videos than just the reading alone for some topics. The quizzes on this one are really challenging and really test your understanding, not just memory.
It is a wonderful course with deep insight into human psychology while taking decisions pertaining to financial management and investment. It is a very well articulated course with good reading material and videos.  The quizzes also help you to keep you on your learning curve.
Accelerated course but really concentrated. Practical and clearly explained. Perfect alternance of slides/lecture videos. Easily understandable by with economics background and by other as well with thehelo of the slides. Definitely the best among similar classes on Coursera.
Ever wondered how much deductibles you should pay for your insurance? What drove the recent sub-prime mortgage crisis? how you can improve your chances of avoiding bias in making financial decisions? Well then this course is for you ! Very well presented notes and vid
Exciting and absolutely brain-tickling.The study material is very well compiled and examples provided are so innovative, thus making the concept very easy to understand. Kudos to the team of "Behavioural Finance, Duke University"Thanks a lotRegards....Abhishek Sathe
Understanding how people think and the factors that affect their decision making can help me stay one step ahead and contribute to my advisory skills. This is mostly true during hard times or crises. #DecisionMaking #BehavioralEconomics #CognitiveBias #CFA
This course is very a very challenging since it deals about behavioral aspects. But then, this course is fun and exciting because I was able to see biases and mistakes that many people does and became aware that I commit those mistakes also. Two thumbs up!
Excellent course! Many historical events proved that so many not-so-illogical factors influence the way people make decisions. The exams were challenging as we were trained to identify which biases are involved and link them to actual historical mistakes.
it helped me to built up my basic knowledge of behavioral finance through very effective and attractive movies and interesting reading stuffs as well as testing which I had to review my notes and research to think it over. Thank you for the great course!
This's useful course for my Finance Major. It's not only offer the theory applying real life, but also helps Behavioral Finance of people is rational. I wish that The course would be advanced from another reputation universities. Thank Coursera so much.
very good examples to illustrate the various biases and challenging quizzes. Would have liked some explanations for answers for the latter quizzes as I couldn't answer a few queastions even after a re-quiz. Excellent introduction to Behavior Finance !
Excellent course. Quick and concise, but packed with hugely relevant theory for those in the financial services and investment management world. Well delivered and excellent tests to cement the knowledge. My thanks to the organisers for their work.
It is a short (3 weeks) but very complete course, with very useful explanation of each cognitive bias that affect our financial decisions. I recommend this course especially because the content that explains our behavior in the financial crisis.
Good mix of slide pdfs and videos to promote enough thoughtful discussion of the topic to feel like I learned something. Additionally, the quizzes were actually pretty challenging. I feel like those were excellent learning opportunities as well.
I personally enjoy this course, really interesting in different points and open my vision in a way. I would like to be able to communicate directly with the professor because I was uncertain of my level of comprehension through certain parts.
after reading Kahneman's book, thought that I do know and can recognize them. It was overconfidence bias)). Emma did a great job with short readings for each week. Will try to see and recognize as much bias as you teach us, Emma. Thank you
I think this course is very interesting. I will redistribute the lessons.theme 2 was very difficult and theme 3 was too short.It was very useful the corrections of theme 1´test ; why did you not include them in theme 2 and theme 3 ones?
It was an awesome experience and the course was really informative and has helped me in understanding the concepts of Behavioral Finance. I Thank the faculty of the Duke University as well as the Coursera team for offering this course.
Great Course! Everyone should take this to understand common biases that lead us to "irrational" decision making due to common behaviors hard wired in us. The test result explanation should be included to further clarify the concepts.
Excellent Course with many useful example drawn from life. The tests are a good check on whether you have fully understood the material and a good opportunity to revise anything that is not clear. I really enjoyed taking this course.
The teachings are informative and well-paced. I love how the lectures are deconstructed to simplify the concepts to be learnt and the readings were illustrated by examples that were easy to follow. An enjoyable course to go through.
If you are good at self-study habits, this course will largely meet your expectations. This is not an easy one, but the material is very useful and broad. If you want to learn about Behavioral Finance at is glance, this is for you.
The way Emma explains theories are really clear. For students whose first language are not English, her speed of teaching is proper. I just finished the very first part "Utility of Money". Looking forward to learning more from her.
Wonderful course! Blends in learnings from Nudge and Thinking, Fast and Slow in a sensible and example-led way that creates curiosity an makes it fun! Quizzes are even better at encouraging good revision of the concepts! Loved it!
This light course help me to identify biases that happen when we are making decision/seeing things, not only in financial market, but also in our daily life. Highly recommended for everyone who want to invest in financial market.
Great, synthesised knowledge from various fields: behavioral finance,  psychology, markets, trading and history. Recommended to everyone who wants to participate in free market like stocks or forex, cryptocurrencies, etc.
The course is really good to develop an understanding of the subject. The content is good and engaging. However, the videos could be a bit longer and should contain additional case studies and examples as well.
The course was very interesting; both the lectures and reading materials provided were useful and helped clarify a few concepts. I'd recommend it to anyone interested in behavioural finance and neuroeconomics.
The course is excellent! It allows us to understand different perspectives of human behaviour related with finance and economics. All the bias and the "problems" learnt in this course are really important!
For the curious but unitiated to Behaviour finance, this course course is a treat! The content is crisp and the quizzes are twisted - taking up the challenge of completing this course was very rewarding.
I enjoyed the class and the material covered. The professors presented the information in a concise and engaging format. I found my self seeking additional information on the topic through-out the class.
I love the idea of behavioral Finance. i find this course leaves you with a lot of terms and ideas to explore outside of the text. If that is what you enjoy, this course is highly recommended by myself
This course was a very good sum up of Daniel Kahneman's thinking fast and slow. Definitely recommend to everyone who would like to know more about our flaws or would like to refresh your knowledge.
The instructor was not only knowledgeable, but she also took the time to give real-world applications. Wonderful course full of information to help us better understand our clients.
Engaging and challenging course. Taking the course gave me a lot of realizations as to my biases on investing and personal finance that I should strive hard to consciously avoid.
This Course is really helpful to understand what goes inside the mind of investors and how they fall prey to the biases that may not work out in their favor in the long run.
Very informative . Learned a lot of concepts on behavioral finance and behavioral economics . I am sure they will go a long way in helping me in making better decisions !!
Extremely interesting and relevant content, presented in a thoughtful and compelling way. Most importantly, I learned something new that I will try to use in my own life.
Very informative a laid out clearly. Had week 1 answers to quiz to revise, would have been useful to have this for stage 2 and stage 3. Thoroughly enjoyed thank you.
This was really beneficial, I hope that I will achieve results in future because of this and will be able to gain many opportunities coming my way with help of this.
This course uses examples from 1600s to 2000s and have been very informative in how the investors behave. Anyone going into financial markets must take this course.
Extremely informative. The course enhanced my understanding of the subject with the well-planed case studies. The lectures were pretty short, but brilliant. Thanks
This course was very insightful in terms of giving the students the ability to deeply examine the underlying causes of humans' economic and financial decisions.
I am new to this coursera and i took my first course as Behavioral Finance.I learnt many things in it.I came to know various knowledge about Behavioral Finance.
Awesome Faculty and platform to gain skills and knowledge together. This course really help me a lot. Thankyou Coursera team and Duke university. Thankyou all.
Great course! Extremely practical and with a balanced view of its concepts (not too dogmatic). Also, the quizzes were challenging enough to keep me interested.
Excellent introduction to Behavioural Finance! As an investor, I have made so many of these behavioural mistakes and it's great to at least be aware of them.
It was a good introductory course on behavioral finance. One will get to know about many hidden biases, which play a crucial role in their decision making.
Great Course! Knowing how human being make behavioral bias while making decision is very enlightening. I recommend all to take this course. All the best!!
It is a very valuable course and i am glad to be a part of it, this is something that you can confidently call accomplishment, thank you duke university:)
Engaging, very well explained, not just an introduction, but a good comprehensive way to explain the reasons behind our every-day decision-making process.
As a 1st year degree student, and as beginner to this subject, This course has given me great insights into the depths of few concepts. Thank you !
One of the awesome course with must read study material compilation. Highly Recommended, atleast those who wish to trade at sometime in their life.
Very informative course that explains common investment mistakes in very simple manner. Doesn't require broad knowledge of finance or economics.
The content is easy to apply in practical scenarios to not only learn but make use of science to make professional & personal decisions wisely.
This is a great course, that that addresses the main concepts related to human decision making from the point of view of Behavioral Economics!
It was quite helpful but one has to read a lot outside the syllabus also to get a proper insight on how the Behavioral Finance actually works
Please prepare better reading material and provide more mathematical insight and examples for each biases, as I think it'll be more helpful.
Great, interesting, useful course. Hepled to understand concepts of behavioral finance, which helps to better prepare for CFA Level 3 exam.
While we attempt a quiz Please give us the reason of answer why it is wrong if reason will be displayed then we will be able to understand
This course was really fascinating. I learned a lot, and it was really interesting to see the connections between psychology and finance!
Very interesting course. It made me aware of bias that I did not realize. This will help me in personal and professional decision making.
Very interesting and extremely useful in understanding and stopping oneself from making mistakes that we routinely make without thinking.
Amazing course by  Duke University, learning was really accelerated with the help of all the case studies and real life situations.
This course has been very helpful for me in understanding biases and will definitely help me in doing investments in the future.
The course is insightful, very easy to understand which helps in understanding the concepts. Definitely recommend you to take it
Recently I have become very interested in behavioral economics and this course really helped me understand this discipline more.
Very interesting and useful course for every investor and any one interested in understanding / improving his decision making.
Insane course! Would strongly recommend to high schoolers who are interested in Finance and have time to burn over the summer!
Very good information, a bit difficult to be engaged since the contents are a bit flat (Book style), but it's worth to stick.
Very exciting! I found the last quiz the most challenging. It was very useful after learning economics in my A-level course.
Even if you have no financial knowledge, I think it is terrific that this course informs you about so many many things!
Lots of insights but difficult to grasp some notions on the first attempt so make sure you read the handouts carefully!
This course explains everything that happens with investing. I highly recommend it for all investors even professionals
a really great course. i have been able to understand everything, every topic was explained really well and in details.
When you really try to understand and learn sth. you can really improve your knowledge and understanding on the concept
Excellent study material and good for knowledge. I give full rating to this course - Duke University through coursera!!
Fantastic course! Just the quiz is a little bit hard and a lot of stuff is not mentioning in the videos and materials.
Professors are professional. But I think more cases and exploration would be better. Some knowedge are confuseing.
Amazing topic! It is a cutting-edge field and this course is a great introduction. Congratulations to the authors!
very interesting course. It provide us several mistakes that we usually make but not realize. It's worth to learn.
Well-laid out course with insights into some commonly committed mistakes that caused disasters on a large scale.
Amazing course!! Especially the quiz part, I got to learn a lot while taking the quizzes. Thank you prof Emma :)
Thanks Dr. Emma Rasiel and whole Coursera team for developing and teaching such a realistic and concrete course.
It was a wonderful experience learning a very different outlook to the financial sector and behavior economics.
This is an amazing course which helped me to understand psychological biases we make when we taking decisions.
Great summary of the topic, nice examples and very fun to make.Breakthrough findings any financier should know
it really made me search over many things, and the contents are really rich. thank you ,professor Emma Rasiel.
A quick course to very important concepts for our awareness on how we make decisions and how to improve that.
Great learning experience and it is worth it if you are sincerely reading the pdf content provided by them.
Nicely laid out . Very important and useful information that non business major can also use in daily life
Enjoyed the samples in the course. I can follow even if I do not have background on investing or trading.
Very insightful and usable.  The course provides learnings that are applicable in daily decision making.
Awesome course where we can learn many new information about the Behavioural finance concepts. Thank you
This is a very good course to know about what mistakes do when we are in a realistic word of investment.
I enjoyed the course. It's already been relevant for my options trading and other investment activities.
It was a great learning experience, the concept were very in-depth and with lots of practical examples.
A well structured course that overviews key biases in investor behaviour with practical applications;
This is a very good course. If you want to learn about behavioral finance, I strongly recommend it.
It has been Wonderful learning experience. Teaching quality  wonderful. , Notes has been thorough.
Incredibly interesting and well thought out course. It was challenging, but very worth the effort.
very interesting course; great for traders to learn beyond strategy but mental thinking. thank you
Very informative, fun to learn, plenty of material & well taught. I highly recommend this course!
Very well articulated course. Big Thanks to the instructor for making it interesting. Thank you.
It was wonderful experience to take this course, the practical examples provided were excellent.
Very interesting and insightful course on the psychological aspects of finance and investment.
Deep minded course, i wish good luck to every one. It was pleasure to get this course, for me.
Excelent! I hope it helps me to improove my quality of analisys in economic/finances subjetcs.
great course; very relatable and teaches you a lot about the real world. Extremely helpful.
Really interesting and funny approach to better understanding of human and society biases
The best finance class I have ever taken! So easy to understand with many vivid examples
Really great course! Very well put together and easy to understand. Thank you so much!
Very useful not only to money matters, but for life in general and decision making.
An excellent course taught by an excellent professor from an excellent university.
Super informative, great lectures and notes, 100% would recommend to a colleague.
Great introductory course to BF.  I will recommend it to all my colleagues.Thanks
Learnt a bunch of new tools to analyse the stock market conditions even better
Great course that helped me understand the psychology behind money! Loved it.
it was good experience and also i learn various things on behavioral finance
Great course, very specific oriented, well exemplify and right to the point.
Very instructive, lot of examples that help to learn the most common biases!
For a non finance major, this course is difficult but totally worth taking.
Accessible, informative and interesting. I enjoyed completing this course.
Really good course, and very well explained. It was a pleasure to take it!
can make more simple. as few concepts had o use internet for more detail
I really enjoyed this course. Loved the way it was organised and taught.
the course helped me to gain a lot of insights into behavioral finance.
The course contents are very informative.Great course for this subject.
Overall, it summaries all the concepts you need in behavioral finance.
Well-structure course, really enjoy learning the knowledge with Emma.
Dring this pandemic this was the best part and had learnt many things
Good course for touching the high level of very interesting concepts.
This is an amazing course and I highly recommend it to all branches.
Examples of real cases makes easier the understanding of the issues.
A fabulous course giving a complete overview with lots of examples.
Superb understanding of concepts with relatable everyday examples.
Learnt a lot about Behavioral Finance, and that too from scratch.
Great course! Thank you for an amazing experience and knowledge.
good one . Little complicated but learnt a lot from the program.
An excellent course. You get to learn a lot in a limited time.
very practical and i was able to relate the theory with cases
Very well done! Easy to understand with real-life examples.
it is a brill course which is interesting and full of magic
Proper time schedulespecific MaterialsProper Explanation
Great course!! An in deep course with a lot of material.
Thank you, it was interesting, good examples and tasks!
Nice and shortTo the pointWith great real life examples
Indeed the materials are very useful and well-designed
Great course! Learned a lot! Thank you for having me!
A glimpse to our mental traps in the field of Finance
Amazing course. The details and terms well explained
excellent, although some prior knowledge is welcome.
I love doing this course, It got me learning a lot.
It was a very interesting course. very well taught.
Amazingly designed to understand behavioral Finance
great course ! lucid explanation of all the biases.
Short and interesting. Would definitely recommend.
The journey was as interesting as the destination
nice course, helped me learn a ton about finance!
It was a great experience completing this course.
Qualified course material and excellent content.
Good course and overview of behavioural finance.
Amazing course with many examples to explain it.
Nice quick course. Concepts explained clearly!
Excellent course if you plan to be an investor
Very nice introduction to Behavioral Finance.
¡Excelente curso! Insights muy interesantes.
Wonderful Course. Great learning adventure .
I learned a lot and solved many of my doubts
Outstanding and clear look into Beh Finance
very nice learning. But need more examples.
Excellent Course for Finance Professionals.
Great introduction to behavioral finance!
Great course, great topics, well covered!
Great course for finance professionals.
The best course I've ever come across .
good examples of interesting situations
A very interesting course. I loved it.
Extremely insightful and interesting!
Very Beautiful and insightful course.
Excellent course, can only recommend.
best in line for behaviour analysis.
Excellent course and study material!
Very interesting and instructive!!!
nice course got to learn new things
Challenging and Interesting Course
Interesting material.  Instructors
Fascinating!  Enjoyed the content.
Very good and entertaining course
Great coursework! Learned a ton.
I'm so glad I chose this course!
Enjoyable and interesting class.
Practical, interesting, on point
It was a good session.Thank you
Very good!! I highly recommend!
Great course! Congratulations!
Very helpful and enlightning.
amazing and very informative
A great introductory course.
Nice course with good tutor
Great Course! Learnt a lot!
Very useful cases of study.
very informational course
Very educating and tricky
I enjoyed the experience.
GREAT COURSE!! THANK YOU
Very eye opening course!
new something to learn.
Nice and updated course
Very very challenging!!
very interesting topic
Really interesting!!!
Emma Rasiel the best!
Quite informative :)
wonderful course !!!
Awesome experience!
was very beneficial
Great course. Well
Great discovery !
Wonerful Learning
