This course is not very informative, and it seems as though it is more of an advertisement to the lecturer's project then a real academic course
I was really disappointed in this "course" for several reasons.  I did not complete it, because it was really not worth spending time on.  The organizer impressed me as only wanting to sell copies of his book on dog behavior and used the course as his vehicle.  Then there were games to "purchase" online to facilitate teaching my dog cognitive skills.  The videos were lacking in creativity.  I was really disappointed with this, especially since its a cool topic that could easily be presented in a very exciting way.  The artistic level, the videos, slides, etc were something a high school student could pull together.  After taking solid courses like ModPo and Positive Psychology, I was amazed at the lack of effort that was put into this.
In my opinion: The topics reviewed were too haphazardly selected. The citations for quoted research were hard to impossible to find, The course focused disproportionately on the lecturer's commercial ventures.
This is basically just one giant commercial for the web site. A whole lot of talk, but not a lot of information. I was going to finish the course anyway, to pick up what is in there, but I just cannot stand any more plugs. Very disappointed.
One long commercial on his book and website.
This course was utterly disappointing. The Title and and course description are completely misleading to the actual content of the course which had very little to do with dog emotion and cognition. The focus of this course seemed to be on advertising the book and dognition. Weeks 1 through 5 SHOULD have been summarized in material worth of just 1 week. More in depth material regarding dog emotion and cognition should have been placed instead that would actually help those interested in LEARNING information that could in fact help individuals UNDERSTAND and possible strengthen their relationships with dogs. I did not need to know so much evolution.
The lecturer was an annoying speaker and very repetitive. I just couldn't listen to him... I'm sorry. There was also so much about human development etc that I started to wonder when the info about dogs would start....I found the formatting so different from other courses I've taken, that it was hard to get started and figure things out. Adding to that, was the constant interruption of the "paid certificate" page. If I answer "no" once, please leave me alone! I also think it's a bit suspect for a prof to be plugging his own book for one of these courses.
I completed the course. It said that this particular course was offered in the list of courses that receive a free certificate,  an offer until the end of may (which I have  screen shot off the page). However I have been told I have to pay for it ????  I'm not impressed by the misleading information, especially after hours of studying.
shameless promotion of the dognotion program for purchase. No real educational value.
I have fallen asleep during 3/4th week, and it have never happened to my during any of the Coursera courses... I'm sorry, but it completely failed my expectations. 3 weeks out of 7 gone, and I have learnt absolutely nothing about dogs. Yes, I got some psychological basis, but that's not what I looked for/ The lecturer politely suggests to buy his book ... well if it is the same quality as the presented course, than it's useless...
Not to keen on spending $75 for a piece of paper that doesn't even mean anything it's not like the university that provides the course even recogonizes the course as literally anything why would anyone else? just because you paid $75! I could just make up a certificate and say I've got it and it would hold the same value as this, just because it's free doesn't mean it should be worthless....
*No Stars* Okay.... this class is very pointless. It is super boring and gives me little information. He says that you do not need to buy his book or visit his suggested website, however that is all he talks about. At least the tests are not focused on that, its mostly on vague points he explains. I would not recommend this class.
The guy is full of shit. He's just trying to sell you his book and his online game product. He was also obsessed with bragging about all of his accomplishments. I was quite disgusted by him at the end. I paid for the certification, but now I want my money back.
Not a lot of information if you have even minimal interest in the subject. Seems more like advertising to go to his somewhat bogus site and spend money for ego and add to his "research."
Too much emphasis on a misguided belief in the religion of Darwinism. Focus more on real scientific evidence of dog behavior, and the course will be much better.
A waste of money. Only $50, but it was so terrible I did not even want to finish it. And apparently I waited too long to get a refund as well. Never again.
If you didn't like the first few lectures, you won't like the rest. It won't get better. More repetition, clichés, and advertisement that anything else.
I just do not feel a connection with this professor - he is constantly plugging his book and the website. The content is just not engaging.
A ploy to sell their books and internet subscriptions. If I could give negative stars, I would.
Not learning much and constantly being bombarded with sales tactics. Not impressed.
A waste of time.  One long advertisement for the instructor's book.
Mostly just an ad for the instructor's startup. Very annoying.
This was a giant advertisement and got tiresome very quickly.
what a long ad
Not much here
The course is designed around the prof's book and website, which are plugged constantly. This alone is a nuisance but then the lectures are at least twice as long as they need to be, if not more and dry as burnt toast. The slideshows are backdrops rather than companion pieces to the lectures. Test questions are written oddly and a fair amount of personal perception makes it into the whole course. Basically, there isn't a single aspect here that was pleasing but if you truly know nothing about dogs and don't mind learning from someone with dubious knowledge themselves, here you go.
It seemed this course was a teaser to get people to enroll in/pay money to join the dogcognition program at Duke. I realized this in week 2 and did not continue the course.
I think it is a bit complicated to those who have no basic knowledge in this discipline some professional terms are hard to understand even with definition because words are to difficult and rarely seen in daily life and the mode of conducting the lecture I would say is quite boring and passive as the lecturer is just standing still to read script and show powerpoints it is not good to detonate knowledge and for us to really get deep to it I would recommend more experiment video or illustration to make this funnier and rise our intention to learn dogs should be a topic contains loads of fun and is not supposed to be this informatively boring
videos are terribly boring.... lectures are very uneven in information and interest.    Reading material is worthless.  The idea of the course is good, but this one needs a lot more work for me to spend my valuable time on it.This is basically an as for the instructor's book and a website called dognition.  And it's a bad ad...
I find this course redundant and useless. You can simply learn how to train your dog without having to take a course.  You simply feed and training a dog not to bark, obey commands and obey  verbal commands with some authority as dogs have a pack mentality.  You do not need a course to learn this!
He advertised his book and game A LOT. Either give it to your students, require it for the class, or suggest/plug it a couple times and drop it
Videos kept cutting out either entirely or the sound would cut out.  Made it very difficult to follow.
The course is not interesting. A lot of nothing was talked.I didnt got realy much from the course.
The professor talks too much about the website and his book! That doesn't make any sense!
Talks more about his book rather than an actual course on dogs.
The three stars are because the parts actually giving information had value and I learned some interesting things. The 2 stars were removed because of the truly obnoxious plugging of the prof's own book and research project. He goes on and on about how fantastic it is how we can all participate in scientific research, but if I am SUPPLYING DATA, why do I have to pay for that privilege!? If it were really about the research he would want my data whether I paid for it or not. The course felt mostly like one big plug to make money. To make this course worthwhile you have fast forward a lot through the sales raps, which includes a few lectures in their entirety. It's also much better at twice speed, but most classes are. :)
Good information contained within the course which has sparked my interest in continuing to learn and build on my small amount of knowledge.  Lower rating than I would usually give for a course because of the way the lectures are delivered.  Having a lecturer standing in front of a brick wall, plugging his book and not really connecting with online students was not great.  A couple of times during the lectures I dozed off and had to re-run them.  If the plugging of own material was removed and the background and tone of voice were altered this could be a captivating and interesting course.
Overall, I enjoyed this course, but it gave just a bit too much information on cognitive studies in other species, and it left me still wanting to learn more about dogs. The last 2 weeks were great! The professor was engaging and his work was very interesting, but he said ummm and ahhh so many times that it was a little distracting. The quizzes were good, but some of the questions were worded very oddly so I just couldn't get them right without several attempts. I didn't feel like he covered dog emotion at all. I thought there would be some discussion of facial expressions, the meaning of different tail wags, and the extent of dog emotion (for example, how they grieve and how long they grieve after a loss).
A decent course, but felt that it was a lot less about dogs than originally expected and the majority of the time is spent really deeply explain how the different experiments on dogs worked and marketing book and website of the teacher, which I don't really have a problem with, but didn't feel it needed lectures entirely devoted to how the website worked or that it needed to be included in the opening of every single video. The actual information is interesting and the teacher is very engaging would recommend if you like learning the history of dogs and discover new ways of looking at your pooch.
Very boring presentation. Far too much 'buy my book/go to MY website'., in it. If he did that in a RT University he would be hauled over the coals. Some interesting points made but most of the information given was from other's research.   A little less self-promotion and a little more work, combined with less boring presentation would move it up to 4*
I may have gotten more out of this course if I hadn't already read "The Genius of Dogs". I would like to suggest that the slides be subjected to more rigorous proofreading, as I came across several typographical errors. It doesn't look professional. On quizzes, when a student is asked to select the one FALSE answer, please remove any "all of the above are TRUE" statements. A mentor replied to another student who pointed out this conumdrum on the Week 7 Forum with: "I understand where you are coming from Phil, but only one of the answers as an individual answer is incorrect. The answer "all of the above are correct" is neither true nor false, as only one of the answers in the 'all' is the exception." And I say that if I have a bouquet of roses, 11 red ones and 1 yellow and I were to say that "all of the roses in my bouquet are red" you would correct me, as one is not, and "all" demands 12 out of 12, otherwise, it is not all. Should you still feel a quibble, let me suggest that you contact the Department of Philosophy, ask for someone expert in symbolic logic and run it by him/her.
It was a little long before getting to the REALLY interesting stuff, but it's a good course for what you pay. I wish there were a follow up one, like a level 2.I also wish that Brian didn't refer to groups of dogs as "dog packs" as dogs are not pack animals. This leads to confusion as dog owners will then believe that they need to be a pack leader and everything that comes with that stereotype. I also wish he didn't focus so much on the idea that dogs are from wolves, because again, many people revert to "this is how wolves are so this is how i treat my dog" it leads to confusion. Just read the comments on some threads. Even while doing this course, people were saying how they need to be a pack leader and how they follow what Cesar Milan does.However, for those of us that know there is a difference, it was interesting to learn more about the differences between wolves and dogs. I just wish the course focused more on dogs
The beginning is very slow, I almost quit the first week because I felt this course was just an add for the website Dognition, I understand it´s a great tool and science is being done about it and you want to spread the word, but shoving it into every single lecture was too much. Instead there should be more focus on the actual content of the course, fleshing it out a bit better, recommending books and papers cited for those who want to take a more in-depth look at the studies, etc.Having said that, the second part of the course really picked up and taught some interesting facts and studies with a more applicable knowledge, the studies on foxes and apes saved the journey, although I wonder if it's ok for them to be the highlight on a dog cognition course.
I enjoyed a lot of this course, especially the parts about evolution and social intelligence.  Very interesting!!  However, as a professional dog trainer and having studied through the Karen Pryor Academy, I was VERY disappointed to see Brian Hare's misunderstanding of clicker training.  I would be happy to chat with him about the realities of clicker training and how an event marker works, if he'd be interested ;)Futhermore, I bought the book and paid for a certificate, but because I took over 180 days to complete the course (despite the course being "self-paced, with suggested deadlines to help you keep on track), I did not get my certificate and was informed that to get it I'd have to pay again for the same product.
Dog Emotion and Cognition was an overall interesting course at beginner's level with a carefully selected range of topics. I particularly enjoyed the part about the self domestication of bonobos, and Belyaev's silver fox domestication experiments. Dr Hare also loosely illustrated how experiments were designed, conducted, and how the results were interpreted, which may be valuable to those who don't already have a scientific education background. However, the repetitive self-promotion of Dr Hare's book and website (with a paywall) in multiple lecture videos was truly annoying, and it almost put me off completing the course.
Interesting subject  & Basic idea to have a dog defined for the exercises is nice but w/o dog hard to benefit.  A bit too much talking in front of a wall ;-)    Could benefit from more illustrative material.  Graphs / Videos / Pictures.  Why not show examples of Dogs doing the games,  that would be great for people who do not (yet) own a dog.   I was hoping to get some insight into problematic dog behaviour but maybe that was wrong expectation.
This was a simple, but engaging course. Unfortunately, the main reason I took this course was to learn more about dog motivation, and that wasn't really discussed at all (which seems strange, considering that seems to be a pretty basic intersection of emotion and cognition). Aside from that oversight, I did learn some interesting things, especially in regards to how experimentation and behavioral studies are conducted.
Interesting new facts on dog evolution.  Course said it was free. But if you are to get anything from it, you had to purchase his books then he suggested another 30 bucks to play dog games to enhance the course.  Well that means it's not free anymore. I managed to find a way to get the book free. The book was good. But only by audio. Reading it would have been boring. Still I learned stuff I did not know.
As a dog trainer I was really excited about this course. But much of the content was about humans and great apes and the rest all seemed like a long-form ad for Dognition, Dr. Hare's app. I did learn a few things that are useful for my career and quite a few factoids that are just neat to know, but overall I was pretty disappointed with course content.
I hadn't heard about ecological approach to cognition, and having someone explain the different ways in which different animals can be "smart" felt helpful even if a bit oversimplified.That said, it felt a lot like an advertisement (worked on me, I think the product is cool) and a bit rushed in places (typos, some lectures with very little substance).
The course was good, but I think that only it's really enjoyable if you have a dog. As the professor says, both the book and the online resource Dognition isn't needed for the completion of this course. The book was really good, but I think that Dognition was too expensive, especially if you haven't a dog (not useful).
The material that's taught is great but the name of the course is a little disappointing. It is more focused in human and ape cognition that you would expect and if you are looking to this course as a tool to help you understand your dog better I would say that this course isn't for you.
Lots of the information was interesting, but I feel that a lot of the lectures spent too much time on anecdotes and examples. I don't feel as though the amount I learned was relative to the amount of time spent getting through the course.
While the course certainly provided insights into Dog cognition and their relation with humans, there is much more i was looking for in this. Next, the course could cover the 'how' of dog thinking patterns, if at all that can be known.
The short 5 minute videos were too short and made it difficult to follow. Often times the video would end  in the middle of a sentence.Also too much cross selling  trying to get  people to use the paid site.
I expect the course to concentrate on dog cognition and have a lot more information on dog behaviours and emotions. Although it did cover these areas i felt some weeks i didn't learn anything new about dogs
I did enjoy this course, but at times I felt a little bored, like it was loosing my interest. Some of the information given was more about other species and I think that's what made it less gripping for me.
Great info but when I try to share the certificate it says signed by John Doe. I expect a mailed certificate with a seal for $50, not a crappy certificate that isn’t signed or able to be displayed.
More of a crash course but there are some very interesting topics. Reading The Genius of dogs along with the course is highly recommended. Some of the review questions are difficult to understand.
Interesting course, some of the videos were a little long for the information provided, but was good to hear about comparisons in dogs, wolves and apes and the experiments conducted.
This course was really interesting and has taught me a lot. However the first few weeks were not as focused on dogs, they tended to be more about apes and humans and evoution.
An ideally inclusive offering for you and your companion to explore at home. In-depth evolutionary theory for you, and the toolkit to test the theories with your friend
I learned about dogs only on the latter week 6 -8. wish you could've went with that. The history was okay but it was too dragging for me.
I have learnt some basic knowledge about dog's congnition. It may be more interesting if I have a dog to take part in these experments.
Didn't really learn about Dog emotions until week 7&8 out of 8 weeks, the first couple of weeks were talking about other animals.
The course could have been a little more precise. Video lectures could have been more direct. Would have saved a lot of time.
Subject matter is very interesting, but the instructor saying um and uhh way too much was very distracting and annoying.
Too much info about evolution and apes etc, not enough with dogs. Good teacher, but not as helpful as I'd hoped.
Interesting insights into human interactions with dogs.   I just could not finish the entire class.
Compared to the other courses, this one is kind of boring, but learned some origination of dogs :)
Too many gestures, movements and ahhhs, slides available but not downloadable (what's the point?).
this program is really used full to me. i was learning so new type of things to tech my dog.
The instructor advertised his book and website so much that it took away from the content.
too detailed, too much information to process but the lecturer was actually pretty fun.
Wasn't my favorite but I enjoyed some of it.
I just finished this course, Dog Emotion and Cognition. It provided lots of information on dog evolution and cognition research relating both to the human/dog relationship as well as touching upon its relevance to other species. The research ideas regarding the linkage between domestication behaviors and physical traits were particularly intriguing to me. As another reviewer noted, information on "dog emotion" was lacking; course content or title should be revised to be in alignment (perhaps "Dog Evolution and Cognition"?). Also as noted by others, course is strictly "lecture style" with "readings" that consist of informational slides used in the lectures (okay for review, but obviously not providing any new or additional information). There is a fair amount of reference to the instructor's book and "citizen science" website (which requires a subscription) -- but this seems on par for a "free" web-based course. (I neither read the book nor subscribed to the website, so cannot speak to benefits of either). I agree with other reviewers who pointed a need to carefully read quiz and test questions; many included wording such as "select the best response based on lecture material" or "all statements are true except", but as I found the exact same to be true of the one other MOOC I have taken, this may be common. Overall, I found the course interesting, and some of the research findings may be applicable to understanding how to work with my recently-adopted dog, but don't expect "real world", practical training strategies.
Having just completed the course I'd like to thank Dr. Hare for sharing his keen observations on dogs & detailing the processes he came up with & tested the theories presented in this course. I really enjoyed his simple & very easy-to-follow approach of data collection, his conversational explanations of his thoughts, the sharing of his experiences & his honest & joyful love of dogs. All this helped in making learning a pleasure & fun. I was also very pleased with the sensitivity welfare issues were discussed, something that should never be ignored in the pursuit of academic knowledge.The Genius of Dogs may not be required reading but I believe that it is actually essential in a better understanding of the material. It is very well written & anyone interested in dogs, regardless of his/her level can truly enjoy it without even noticing how much he/she is learning.I am also glad of the comparative approach of the study of dog cognitive skills & having the opportunity to get a glimpse of the lives of various other species. All the success in Dognition & other projects undertaken.
Very informative, unfortunately Dr. Hare had a lot of filler words (ah, umm) in his videos, but typically receded towards the later part of the videos. As opposed to other reviews I do not feel like the incorporation of his book and website burdened the lecture, many professors in universities use their own book for their courses and I feel like Dognition would greatly help students be engaged in the course, they do have a couple games on their Youtube page if you want a taste before purchasing Dognition. I feel like this lecture has more to do with cognition than with emotion, and unfortunately I went into this lecture thinking it would be more about dog psychology. So don't dive into this course thinking you'll know a lot about dog psychology as emotion and cognition are just parts of psychology but it'll definitely give you some insightful information on dog cognition.
Lots of fascinating material, but you could get the same from reading Dr Hare's book. Actually the course felt more like an advertisement for Dr Hare's book and the Dognition product than anything else. But it was engaging with many fun examples and some good videos of studies with primates and dogs. There was not really any material on dog emotion, with most of the emphasis on cognition, especially the evolutionary implications for domestication and human and primate evolution. [I recommend Frans der Waal for material on animal emotion and ethics.] I liked the call for a new school of thought towards dog training, evolving beyond the behaviorist underpinnings of clicker and positive reinforcement training to the idea of social games, taking advantage of the unique 'genius' of dogs.
The material is so interesting that even though you're learning a lot, it doesn't feel like hard work. The only possible drawback is that it keeps referencing this citizen science (a similar concept to crowd sourcing or open-source) program called Dognition. Dognition's this website that allows you to play games with your dog that test its cognition, and uses the data from it to better understand how dogs think. You don't need Dognition to learn a lot and get a lot out of the course, but if you don't have a dog to play with or feel like spring for the fee (which again, are highly optional and not needed to learn from this course), you will miss out a bit. But other than that, it's fascinating to learn about how dogs think and how that's unique among the animal kingdom.
-An absolutely fantastic course, very highly recommend it to anybody who owns a dog.  My only complaint is that in week 5, the teacher gets quite a bit overboard into all of evolution.  There is no need for this, because the course is on Dog EMOTION and COGNITION, not primate and human evolution.  I felt I was a captive audience for his own unnecessary preaching on primate evolution.  The best example I can give is the classic times when a person would invite you over for dinner only to sell Amway.  Other than that, the course was wonderful!  Great teacher.
I love some of the discussions in this course, and i think that students can be prompted to contribute even more. Perhaps make contributing to a discussion in each module an essential part of the course?The content is well-structured, going from a general overview of evolution to canine cognition. I would have liked to see it go even further, questioning the assumptions behind some of the recent research publications in this area instead of just including it in this course. A little more critical reasoning doesn't hurt.
I loved the passion in the lectures and the pratical exemples.     Very interesting even though I don't have a dog anymore to ultimately test the games.  Small comments: for a non anglophone the flow is sometimes a bit too fast (thanks to the subtitles - which for some of them are not 100% accurate by the way).   And the videos ) are cut at the end especially in the last lessons (weeks 6 & 7) and they start over without warnings.Great job and thanks for sharing!
I found many interesting insights into how dogs became man's best friend and into dog cognition. However, some of the points were belabored far too long; in addition, problems in dog behavior--such as biting etc.--were not really dealt with at all. For me, the promise of knowledge of dogs leading to knowledge of self remained unfulfilled. I could also have used more practical insights into how a dog can be guided (trained) to become the ideal companion.
The research done and presented by Dr Hare is very insightful and in depth. However, I believe that it would be beneficial for both Dr Hare & the student to have access to summarized content. Many a time Dr Hare went a little off-tangent explaining about the cognition of other species which might seem a little irrelevant to the course topic. Nonetheless, the course was very comprehensive and i wish Dr Hare all the best in his future research.
Solid entry level course to dog cognition. I would have preferred that it focused more strongly on dogs, and payed less attention to how information about dogs can help us understand humans. The section on general domestication was phenomenal, and the bonobo to chimp comparisons were incredibly helpful. I would have appreciated deeper analysis on what each of the five cognitive domains for dognition were, and what they actually meant.
This course was short and interesting. Maybe the presenter tried a little too much to sell his book but I still watched until the end and found out many new things that I now notice with my dog! I really think this helpted me understand my dog in a different way, but I do wish there had been more studies/facts about dogs (longer course I guess). I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn more about how dogs think.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. As a dog lover of over 60 years I learned a lot especially in the first 4-5 weeks. At times I felt this course was an advertisement for the book (which I did not read or buy) and the cognition website which I did use. The lecturer went to great effort to say it was not necessary to buy either, but his repetition made me feel otherwise. The last few weeks of the course seemed rather simplistic.
As a dog lover I went into this course super excited to learn more about dogs. While it was interesting I wish the focus had not been too diverted away from dogs and onto other animals. Sure some of it was necessary and interesting to hear but would've been better had it been more in depth and focused on dogs. Overall enjoyable and interesting. My biggest issue as others have mentioned was the constant self promotion.
I really enjoyed this class and learned a lot about evolution, domestication, animals in general & dogs specifically. At times I thought the course was slightly focussed on "marketing" the professor's book and website, but that's pretty much my only complaint! Also, I don't have a dog so I couldn't view the Dognition games and "lab" exercises- so if you have a dog you might get even more out of the course than I did!
The course was very thorough and presented multiple aspects of how dogs have evolved, domestication processes, and cognitive ability. However, it is extremely reliant on the Dognition website and delves more into the history of dogs rather than the present. Overall, it a good course for those who are just being introduced to having dogs as pets and want to learn more about how they may think and learn.
Very interesting information about dogs that's  also a 'myth burster' of sorts for me. Dr. Hare 's video's were not only well made but also well spaced. I found a few quiz questions difficult to understand even though I paid close attention to all lessons. But hey- I passed the final quiz in first attempt so Its all good! Thanks Dr. Hare & Duke University for making this 'different' course available!!
I learned a great deal from this class and Dr. Hare did a remarkable job teaching the course. The reason I gave four stars instead of five is because Dr. Hare continued to promote his book and Dognition, to the point that some lectures began to sound more like advertisements. Besides that it was a wonderful experience, and I have no doubt the knowledge gained will be useful in my own work with dogs.
This is a fun course. However, there is not much content on dog emotion, and lots on evolution (not limited to dogs). It is straightforward and slowly enough paced that no one should be afraid it will be too difficult for them, and the instructor is enthusiastic and eloquent. I have a PhD in a related field and I learned quite a bit, so I would recommend this course to others.
This was a good course.  The lectures were a good length, they were interesting and very easy to understand.  The lecturer was articulate and easy to follow.  I liked the way the readings supported the course and the dognition stuff will be really useful.  The citizen science material was also interesting.  A useful and practical course that was fun and interesting to do.
I really enjoyed the course. Especially when discussing the history of evolution.  I appreciated the comparisons with other animals/species as examples to points that were being made. In some ways it was not exactly what I thought it would be, however I still enjoyed the course and learned a great deal.  Thank you! I look forward to using "Dognition" with my bestie.
The course itself was great, I would like to see something like a follow-up, or links to read and access many of the studies mentioned, and the recent studies done to follow-up with the studies. Learned a lot in this course, given me more ways to work with and explore training and bonding with my personal dogs and my clients.
this course was very interesting and fun. It's unbelievable how dogs are amazing and how we just took them for granted and didn't even know!! Lucky you you came to the right place; Dr Hare will teach you all that. this course is really well made and will teach you a lot about the basics and way more. I highly recommand it.
Really loved everything that was taught and how all the lectures connected to show a whole picture of how dog cognition and emotion works. Some lectures, though, felt more like a promotion of the book and the dognition program devised. But, the insights I got from this course to understand dog cognition were great!
There was some genuinely interesting information. It was a bit more scientific than I expected, and dragged a bit at parts. I am a dog lover and found most of it very interesting. At times, it felt like it was just a big advertisement for a book, which was a bit frustrating and why it only got 4 stars.
Very interesting and engaging lectures and  materials. A lot more background information on evolution of dogs then expected, which was helpful. Would love to see examples at the end of the presentation on ways people are using the Dognition information to interact with their dogs. Thanks so much!
The course was fun and very informative. It made me more aware of what my dog was in historical and evolutionary terms and made me more appreciative of him in general. But it did not translate to actual things I could do with my dog and did not give me any real understanding of his reactions.
Easy to watch and to listen to, with statements backed by science rather than opinion. The questions in the quiz could be clarified. I learned more about evolution and cognition in general than specifically on dogs, but enjoyed the course never the less and learned interesting information.
I enjoyed this class and learned quite a lot. My only regret is that the Dognition exercises were not accessible to those without a dog. It would have been nice to be able to observe some of the exercises through class videos. I feel disappointed that I couldn't share that experience.
I didn't come away with much understanding of how dogs think - I don't have much experience with dogs and I was hoping to learn about how to have a good relationship with a dog before I decide whether to get one -  but the science is fascinating and I am glad I took the class anyway.
First i would like to very thankful to Duke University and online coursera.this is the wonderful  Coursera for learning skill for students and it is the good method to gaining a knowledge,skill,and it is the borden of life of students as well...thank u.     🥰❤️😊😊😊
I really enjoyed the material of this course. Well worth the money paid. I feel that I learned a lot. I definitely suggest reading the book also. The only issue I had with the course is that there were a couple times wording on the quizzes were incorrect/misleading
Great course for introduction to dog behaviorism. However, personally felt that there is an excessive reliance to Dognition (it is a great approach nonetheless for science research) as it should be optional and supplementary to the course and not the main course.
I read his book and the course did parallel the book nicely.  I just had a little higher expectations.  I also felt, at times, like I was being sold something - which I was and I understand why.  They need funding.  Overall, I enjoyed the course and recommend it.
a really good one for everyone who wishes to know about cognition and evolution of living species , not just dogs. You will be shown ways in this course on different thinking lines . A lot of unnecessary stuff could have been edited and removed from the course.
The material is interesting, if not all that novel, but the professor is incredibly repetitive and boring to listen to...to the point where the lectures were almost redundant, and if the content had not been so interesting to me I would have greatly disliked it
Really interesting stuff. I was a little concerned after watching week 1 & 2 that I would know most of the material already but in week 3 things really started to pick up and now that I am finished all the lectures I am so glad to have taken this course!!!
I have indeed learnt a lot about dog evolution including what cognition entails, as well as how intelligence cannot be deduced in a "straight line".I would recommend this course to every dog lover, it would very much improve how we relate to them.
Overall very informative course. I learned a lot about cognition of animals and also dogs. I did not learn much about dog emotion. A lot of the course was focused on other animals. I really enjoyed the parts specific to dogs. I did learn a lot!
Overall I think it was a great course. I feel I am fairly well versed in understanding dogs as I seem to have a natural instinct and ability with them. It was nice to complement that knowledge with some other scientific facts and studies.
Great insight into the research done at Duke and around the world. Could use more focus on raw data and experimental designs although what was presented seemed fair for a course trying to reach a broad audience, including non scientists.
Very nice and informative course; it is perfect for people with very basic knowledge of biology, evolution and animal behavior. Maybe some aspects should have been treated in greater details to meet the needs of more advanced learners.
I learned many interesting theories about evolutionary biology and animals. However, I would have liked more practical knowledge, as well as more information related directly to dogs. Other than that, good job, Dr. Hare!
interesting course with new insights which will change your perspectives on the evolution theory of dogs as well as general cognition. People exaggerated about the book comment, yes it is mentioned, but not ad nausium
I have always been fascinated by dogs emotion. I learned a lot through this course but there was some material that I needed to review a couple times to really understand. Definitly valuable info and glad I took it.
Its really interesting and even though doesn't give you practical tools or technics in order to become a trainer or something like that, it gives academic understanding regarding domestication and animal evolution.
Well presented interesting information, reasonable quiz questions (though some were not phrased in an easy to understand way.  Highly recommended for those with a interest in dogs learning and training.
It is a very interesting course. Does not tell you how to train your dogs but makes you understand the way dogs, human, great apes and other species think and solve problems which is very interesting.
I really liked this course. It was really fun. I learned a lot and I will put it to good use with my dog, Boomer. I also haven't got a chance to do Dognition so I will try to do it, It sounds so fun!
I could give you 5 stars if you issue the Statement of Accomplishment to students who passed this course by free, at least...  Anyway, the course was so great and interesting to me !  Thank you so mu
I enjoyed this course and found it very informative. I would like to see more practical information related to dog training in the material, but I understand that is not the purpose of this course.
Everybody who loves animals and who wants to understand better his/her pet should take this course. When you discover all your dog's potential you will be a better owner and a better person.
Very interesting course.  I made it in 6 days (during the quarantine), trying to do one ore more chapters a day. I would have liked to have more links to studies to deepen the topic.
The course provides basic understanding of an interesting topi, however in many lectures it feels slightly too promotional for Duke's Dognition research and the professor's book.
Interesting course, very easy to follow. Professor very likable. Would have been five stars if it didn't seem like a constant informercial for the Professor's book and website.
I like that is not only about dogs, but also on apes (including humans). Easy to listen to. Would love more articles or other reading materials in this course besides the book.
The course is nice introduction to the study of dogs behaviour, with easy to follow lectures and exercises, after finishing you understand that dogs are smarter than we think.
Very interesting and brings up a lot of data and research... sometimes too much. I would've enjoyed some more recent research rather than the very heavily history based bits.
This course is excellent and well taught.  You will learn fascinating facts about how dogs think, the importance of social skills as a dimension of cognition, and much more
For anyone that has lived with a dog, much of this content will be common knowledge.  The value is the scientific and technical studies done to validate those assumptions.
I love the content of this course, I love how enthusiastic Dr. Hare is, I love dogs, and I love Duke. However, I feel the quiz questions could be increased in difficulty.
this is really a good course to learn about dog behaviors especially in the aspect of cognition, BTW this course helps us understanding behaviors of other animal as well.
i did enjoy the course. i thought it would be more about the dogs 'language'  rather than evolution but it was very interesting and i have found out few new things.
Wonderful logical explanation of the new dog cognition theory.  I'm excited to see how this knowledge & research will affect dog training in the future.
I feel the information could be reduced in half because sometimes it has to many details. But the content is pretty interesting and easy to understand.
The course was informative and enjoyable.  I would have given it 5 stars if a free certificate of accomplishment were issued as in other courses.
Very interesting information! Helps me look at my dog on her level better to be able to train her in a way that leads her to be more successful.
A good course to have an in-depth view about the past and present of man's best friend. Bit scientific at start but gradually becomes gripping.
Overall it was an excellent experience and my knowledge about how dogs came into our lives has grown. I especially enjoyed weeks 6 and 7!
Very interesting and easy to follow.  Wish we could have gotten more in depth, but certainly very informational for being a free course!
Good information, but the videos were a bit... weird. I'd stick to a regular powerpoint with a voice over, rather than having a person.
I haven't completely finished this course yet but so far so good! Great information; presented very clearly and keeps you interested.
Brian provided a great course that informed and entertained.  Good for those with many levels of animal interaction and familiarity.
Learned many new things and will take advantage of all the games and offers on Dognition to find out more about my dogs! Thank you!
Very Informative and fun to learn more about dogs and others.  Loved doing the suggested labs, made me feel more bonded to my dog!
I chose to take this course on Dog Emotion and Cognition as it reminds me of doing my volunteer work at Peace of Mind Dog Rescue.
I thought this was interesting and fun. the technology is a little frustrating but all in all this was good and worth while.
Easy to follow. Clear course material, gives you a good amount of time to complete assignments, and very enjoyable.
Course content is good, but it could be better if some note could be written on a whiteboard during the class.
Intersteing thing to know about the dogs that dognition "method". I liked Brian Hare as good communicator.
I enjoyed this course very much but I still believe that dogs should not be used to better work for us.
really enjoyed the course, it was educational and practical love the connection to the dognition part
A meaningful and insightful course that delivers surprising information about the way dogs think.
This class was full of great information and is really cool for any animal lover especially dogs!
I really like the lectures, but I also think that you should work more in the test development.
Good class to help us know about our dog, I love dogs, Thank you Dr.Hare, Thank you coursera.
Great information, slower to get to the real goals of the course until the second half of it.
The content was interesting but the lectures could have been taped in a more engaging manner.
Some test questions aren't explained in the lesson before, but in one of the later lessons.
I very much enjoyed this course. I will continue with the games in dognition with my dog.
Very interesting content. Professor is entertaining. Exercises and examples are amusing.
I was expecting this course to be just about dogs. It was still interesting. Thank you.
The academics were wrong and dog owners were right. Now there is scientific evidence.
Good beginning level class and a nice reminder of how complex learning really is.
The mooc links to access the dognition games is outdated and should be updated.
Interesting and useful information about evolution of dogs and their thinking.
Very interesting course. Learned something new about Dog's cognition.
Detailed and insightful course delivered in a very engaging manner.
The lecture make me understand more about my puppy, thank you
deep in beneficial details but might need more motion videos
The course was informative and I really enjoyed through out.
It is very helpful to get a better understanding of dogs....
An interesting course. Easy to follow and relate to :)
It was very interesting and classes were fun to watch.
I just wish it was longer! I want more information :)
Very informative and well presented by prof. Hare.
Veryh fun and interesting class. I learned a lot.
A lot of information and joy .I do recommend it.
Very interesting course! I highly recommend it!
very good and easy to follow learnt a lot
Lots of fun and very inspiring. Like it
Fun and informative learning experience
Little high on the scientific data
It was informative and useful
I really liked this course!
Great course ! Very useful
Thanks for the material !
Excellent, I learned alot
Enjoyed the subject!
It was a lot of fun!
So much interesting
should know
Intersting
I can not describe how much I enjoyed and learned in this course, Dr. Hare makes the course very interesting, all the resources show us how we evolved and the understanding that our best friends developed with us. I appreciate the digestible content.
Fascinating material! I greatly enjoyed Dr. Hare's presentations and learning not only more about dogs but also cognitive processes across multiple species. I highly recommend investing in the optional reading material, "The Genius of Dogs" book. This course was my first Coursera experience, and it has inspired me to check out more courses. Thank you!
Really interesting course that gives a great overview of some of the latest research in canine behavior. Helpful even for a regular dog-owner that just wants to understand the mind of their dog.
Great course!  It develops each topic comprehensively and combines old and new approaches to how we can improve our relationship with our dogs and help dogs learn to be included in our society.
This course is essential for a dog owner, business, trainer or even if you are just a person who has an interest in dogs! Concise yet packed with information. Thank you
I really loved the course.I learnt a lot of new things about my dog.The videos were short and sweet which is why it was easy to understand.
The author was quite talented in communicating the concepts contained therein. I learned a lot
This course was a good course to take on dog cognition and how smart your dog is.
Great course and practically applicable.
Elegant.  This course teaches us how scientists have been able discover the ways in which dogs think and behave and presents those lessons within the broader context of evolution, domestication, psychology, ecology and society.  The course reveals surprising and practical insights about how having a better understanding of dogs helps improve our understanding of ourselves, our human history, and contemporary society.   The course explains how science helps to correct many of our common misunderstandings about the intelligence of animals, and summarizes how the manner in which we study animal behavior and cognition is changing today.   The course is fun.  The video lectures are clear and concise.  Everything is very well organized and delivered with enthusiasm and clarity.  The quizzes are not technical nor particularly challenging but do help with learning the course material.  The course has references to optional reading materials and optional activities from dognition.org  that you can explore with your own dog at home.   I would recommend for anyone interested in animals, psychology, or behavioral science and certainly anyone with a pet dog.  I personally enjoyed seeing so many examples of controlled experiments being used to discover new knowledge about the inner workings of animals.
Hi! I really loved this course, it taught me a lot of things!! I am in a dog obedience course right now and I am planning in becoming a dog trainer. I really appreciated all this knowledge and I congratulate you for this! I am also registered in Dognition and I'm currently making my dog's profile with the games. What really surprised me from this course was that it is an "inclusive" teaching, it does not rule out other ways, but it also highlights the scientific facts you guys have discovered or studied. For example, the clicker part where you suggest there's no evidence that clickers make it easier to train dogs, well in my experience clickers really make things faster, but my experience can't determine that this clicker thing is a law. I think it is very important to use science and also personal experience, and mix different kinds of knowledge to get the best results when working with dogs. We can't reduce dogs into one thing or another. Thank you, again, for offering this and for making me a better professional.
I am 12 and homeschooled and this course was very fun. I learned a lot and ended up registering for dognition and getting the book (The Genius Of Dogs) which I ended up buying after I had made my way through the majority of the course so I plan to read it by itself versus as a go along and I am looking forward to it.I would say that this course could be beneficial to any age, I learned a lot of things that I didn't know before and being a dog lover and having a very trainable family dog, I find it makes the course more entertaining and interesting when you have a dog of your own to apply it to. of course this is not necessary, any dog lover would enjoy this course whether they owned a dog or not. I just like knowing that I will benefit from the knowledge wether I choose a career that relates to dog emotion and cognition or not. I highly recommend this course to any age that wants to learn more about how dogs think and process information and how to train dogs and work to their strengths.
I really enjoyed the course.  It opened up a world of useful information for dog lovers and casual scientists.  One suggestion is that when you are showing a graph or picture or video, one cannot enlarge the scale or easily move it so that one can read what you are describing as graph and lines and its scare are very small. Perhaps a younger more savvy person can do this, but an old person like myself would like to easily see what you are describing at the same time you are describing it.  I enjoy the dognition experiments as well--hopefully you could set up a plan evn as a fee for a new game a month that we could play to continue to citizen science!   Also, I was hoping to print out a certificate for my friends to see that I am now a dog cognition expert--can you not send something silly?  Thank you very much.  Peter Glmore, Guayaquil, Ecuador, owner of 2 pugs, Betty and Macho
I had so much fun taking this course! I have plans to become a CTP for Karen Pryor Academy and I used this course as a sort of "pre requisite" to learn more about dogs before I begin training them. The course was super informative and helpful with my understanding of my own dogs and any dogs I will come in contact with in the future. Dr. Hare did an amazing job relaying the information in the course and always kept my interest peaked. This course has truly enriched my life and I am recommending it to everyone I know who is willing to learn about it. I have always had a passion for dogs and it was so nice to learn all about how I can understand their behavior and use the genius of dogs in my favor within my training. Thank you Dr. Hare for this amazing course and one of my favorite books, The Genius of Dogs!
Great course! I learned more than just about my dog's cognitive capabilities. I also completed my dog's profile on DOGNITION. Some tests surprised me, but after all, I agree with the findings. Even more, after completing the course and reading the book (The Genius of Dog) I am able to explain some of my dog's behaviors and get bonded better to my GSD. I am particularly thrilled by the evidence of large cognitive variability within the same species (including different types of intelligence). I also fully support  the concept about the citizen science and how more data can be used to find out all kind of interesting results that cannot be infer from small populations. Thanks Brian and Vanessa for your passion for dogs' cognition and the great effort you put to share your knowledge with all of us. _igor
I thought it's going to be a little boring - I only took it "for fun", I don't even have a dog or plans or get one, but starting with week 3 and especially week 4 the bigger picture of evolution of humans and animals up to this day alone was worth taking this course. Definitely broadened my mind. Also very valuable were was the information about dog breed profiles and what science can actually tell us about traits like aggressiveness and if they are related to breeds (they are not). If you are looking for concrete dog training tips you won't find them, this course is more about giving an overview of the state of science, but it does so very well IMHO. You can take the course in two afternoons easily - I recommend against doing it over 8 weeks. The videos are short, I watched them at 2 x speed mostly.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, and I feel like I learned a great deal.  When training my own dogs and interacting with any dogs, I will now think of the cognitive processes behind their behavior, and I'm hoping to implement this thinking into my training with them, or even just during play.  I learned a lot of things about evolution and self-domestication of species that I did not know, and I find this knowledge to be very valuable and interesting.  The course material was so fascinating to me, I finished the class early.  I also enjoyed learning more about my dog with the Dognition games and contributing to the dataset as a citizen scientist.  I might end up playing the games with my other two dogs, too!  Great course, thank you to Dr. Brian Hare and all involved.
I should state that I have a higher understanding of dogs than most people. In the beginning, for several lectures, I knew everything already and was disappointed, thinking I wouldn't learn much of anything, but as the course progressed, I learned far more than I could have hoped for. This course not only goes over cognitive function of dogs, but also evolution and includes information on Chimpanzees, Bonobos, Foxes, Wolves and even Humans! I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in evolution, cognition, dog training, animal domestication, wolf and dog social hierarchy, fast mapping, intelligence, dog breed differences (including size differences), bsl, pitbull, dog bites, dog agression, dog behavior, or just for some fun games to play with your dog!
This course is for you if you love dogs, and/or are interested in the science of animal behavior.  Dr. Hare's presentations are interesting, informative and fun.  I loved his use of scientific studies, videos, and Russian history (yes!) to get his points across.  His book (optional) and the dog games (also optional) only add more depth to his lectures, but don't feel you need to buy the book and/or the games...you can take the online course and do just fine (but hopefully you'll want to read more, and participate as a citizen scientist, after taking the online course!).   I will recommend this class to my canine_enthusiast friends, as I found Dr. Hare's class to re-evaluate how I look at the thought processes of dogs.  This course is time well-spent!
This course is fun to take, and it opened my eyes to a lot of research findings about dogs, people, and other animals. The material is presented in a way that's interesting and easy to follow, even though the ideas that the course covers are far from simple. I like that the course goes into the history of the science about animal cognition.  I also like the way it debunks old-hat ideas about intelligence in animals, ranging from ants through apes, wolves and dogs, to humans. A big side-benefit is that the course has made me think in new ways about human society and human achievements, and the evolving shape of our relationships with one another and our capabilities. It has also validated my positive feelings about the dog in my family.
I'm so glad that I found this course when quarantine had just started in my country. Learning so many new and exciting things about dogs, became a beautiful and educational escape for me during this crazy time. I'm sure I'll never forget this experience, mainly because of the way that Dr Hare explained each lecture. He did it in a very fun and exciting way, with videos and very interesting studies that showed me the way into the beautiful world of dog emotion and cognition. I totally recommend taking this course, it changed the way that I see one of my favorite animals in the world (dogs) and it changed the way that I see myself. Thank you for sharing all of your knowledge and your love for dogs Dr Hare!
As a dog trainer I'm hugely interested in the advancement of science in canine cognition and how this can help us advance our training, compassion and understanding of dogs. Dr.Hares course was engaging, very well taught, and fuelled my enthusiasm and admiration of our beautiful dogs. I will participate in Dognition as a result (excited!) and have plenty further reading to do also with regard to studies and papers cited in the course. Science-based dog trainers will learn that there's more to our dogs than classical and operant conditioning. We need to understand and embrace cognition also if we are to advance our ethical relationship with these amazing animals that sleep in our beds. Highly recommneded!
This course is excellent.  I am always interested in the science of dog learning.  While I have clicker trained dogs, I do not find it to be a "perfect" method for training all dogs.  Everything depends on the individual and understanding more about how dogs learn most definitely helps with creating training plans for each individual.  While the course does seem to push dognition, it isn't necessary for understanding or completingleting the course.   The course, while covering the science is presented in a manner that allows for people of all levels to understand.  I would like more on the science of how dogs learn and will be looking for more on this subject, hopefully from Duke and Dr. Hare.
As a PhD in a completely different area of biology, I found some of this a bit basic but the teacher was charming, and I enjoyed the connection of his own research to the everyday experience of being around dogs. I appreciated how often he acknowledged the contributions of his colleagues, and brought his own experiences into the subject matter. It felt like a course that would have been fun to take in person. There were a few quirks in the wording of the test questions not quite matching the material that was presented orally... but who cares? This was nice and I will certainly be following up on some of what I learned, and perhaps even torture my 13 year old dog with Dognition.
Dog Emotion and Cognition is a clear, well-structured course with some wonderful 'added extras' that really help round out the MOOC experience. Dr Hare's enthusiasm for the subject is infectious and the material presented is more wide-ranging than I had anticipated -- again, adding to the experience. I have learned a fair amount about my dog, which has been fascinating, but have also learned about dog cognition against a wider species-comparative context, which has strengthened my understanding considerably. A superb course (and the accompanying book, The Genius of Dogs, and citizen science website, Dognition, are wonderful too). Thanks Dr Hare, Duke and Coursera!
Thanks Professor Hare and Coursera since I do enjoy this amazing course which challenges many stereotypes. For example, dogs evolved from wolves not because of human's intentional domestication but due to "self-domestication" 12 -15000 ago.  Also, it is generally regarded that certain breeds of dogs are smarted than other. However, in this course, Professor Hare points out that cognition involves many types of intelligence rather than one and there is even tremendous variation within a dog breed in temperament, behavior and especially cognition. Strongly recommend this course especially when you ca n taste this class with your own dog!
Absolutely fantastic course. Super interesting and so well organized by the professor ofcourse, but also by the app as well. Loved every minute of it and wished it was longer!! Didn't want it to end. Helped me alot since I am a professional Canine Trainer and Behaviourist, and work with Dogs all day and night. So interesting! And Brian Hare is such an amazing professor and human being too. And is so good with explaining his points foward. So humble too! Really happy and glad to have done this course! Looking forward to more interesting courses on Dogs and from Dr. Hare as well! Thank you :)
I really enjoyed this course! The work load was well-distributed such that the content in each week's module was just the right amount for it to be digestible and understandable. I like that the way the lectures were given were in such a manner that it was very easy to understand and that the quizzes were short but can really check if the student listened throughout the lecture. Despite my assumption that I already knew a lot about dogs, I still learned so much more about dogs, which is super cool! Every minute I spent on this module is worth it! Thank you Duke University and Dr. Hare! <3
As someone without a background in science, I found this course extremely accessible and very smooth in its transition from foundations of cognitive behaviour to the specifics of dogs and their behaviour. This course far exceeded my expectations and was more foundational than I thought it would be, which I appreciated. The lectures were chunked appropriately with appropriate time frames and I most appreciated the flexibility about completing tests as I was working full time and missed some deadlines. Thank you for helping me understand my dog more. This was an excellent course to take!
This course was great, and I'll do the experiments with a friend's dogs. I love dogs, but don't have one. I do have a cat, and would be interested in a similar course about them.I believe probably cats don't have the same communicative abilities as dogs, as they don't cooperate that much as wolves, but for instance my cat can differentiate between "give me the paw" (where in one hand I have food, the other is an open palm, and he has to inhibit going to the hand of the food and putting his paw in my other palm), and "eat" (going directly to the hand with the food and eat it).
The delivery of the data was very engaging, having Dr. Hare deliver the content himself with interspersed slides and visuals.  In a concise but information-packed way, this course has opened my mind to the possibilities in which I can improve my relationship with my dog.  At the same time, the course has given me numerous other topics to explore.  I love how the research on dog cognition is related back and forth with cognition of other species, pointing out opportunities and possibilities in understanding them - and us - better.
I really liked this course. I have owned and trained dogs from a very early time in my life. I found it very interesting how dogs evolved from wolves and how that is apparent in dogs today. I typically like courses to be heavy on the science side, but this class was well presented for mid-level people or people who don't have a science background. Of course people will disagree with some of the material but overall it was an interesting class and the book recommended for the class was a good read. Mahalo from Hawaii
Wow! I loved every piece of this course! Both the teaching and the content were superb and I couldn't believe how fast I completed this course since I couldn't stop. The content itself follows really logical steps so everything does make absolute sense. Brian is a phenomenal guy, not only because of his outstanding research but he seems like a really cool guy you want to have a beer with! His passion for this topic is contagious and the way he sees the (canine) world is something everyone should be doing more!
Dr. Hare did a great job explaining the results of experiments and what they mean in laymen terms.  The information was well presented, and he is an enthusiastic professor.  Although the super science-y stuff at the beginning may be a bit of a turnoff or seem boring for people like me without a science background, it really sets a good foundation for the more conventionally interesting material later in the course.  I strongly recommend this course, and the accompanying activities via Dognition.
I found this course very absorbing, and Professor Hare very engaging, with an infectious enthusiasm for his subject. I have enjoyed learning more about evolutionary theory, the growing awareness of evolutionary changes due to domestication, and the methodology and techniques used to identify and measure strengths in dogs.  I'd have liked to continue to learn more about Dognition and other projects which are studying animal intelligence and behaviour.Thanks very much for a most enjoyable course.
This course was a positive surprise! Professor Hare is a really good lecturer, you can feel his energy even if it's all recorded and the course is very well structured (and does not take too much time). I'm a dog lover and owner (I have 2 dogs), but I would strongly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in extending ones common knowledge, plus, it is a very interesting topic to bring up when networking as well as a conversations starter!Thanks for an awesome course!
I really enjoyed the course. It was divided into clear parts that were short and thus easy to follow anytime during a quick break. It was not too demanding as there were no assignments or things to write. I felt I was learning interesting information. I would have liked more detailed information though on what dogs can and cannot do... perhaps a follow-up course.  As I just adopted my dog a month ago from the shelter not sure if I can already use dognition with him.
FANTASTIC. This course is a true look into the cognitive capabilities of dogs beyond operant conditioning. Dr. Hare's research and influence will make a huge impact on the dog training community and on the overall welfare of dogs in decades and centuries to come. As a dog trainer, I'm applying this research every day. Thank you Dr. Hare for having this available to educate the people about the amazing potential of their pets! Keep up the good work!
I enjoyed a lot doing this course. I found all the content and research truly interesting and full of surprises. I think all the information was very well condensed, accessible and well delivered. I would have appreciated if there was a discount on Dognition Profile Report for coursera students, as the contribution to the database is very important and not everyone is able to afford it, specially in Covid time. Overall, very well done!
I wasn’t sure that this course was for me, since I’m
a bona fide cat person and have never lived with a dog. Well, I was completely
hooked right away and couldn’t wait to complete all 8 modules! This is one of
the most fascinating courses I’ve ever taken and would recommend it to any
animal lover or to anybody with an interest in animal cognition. Thank you, Dr.
Hare, for your outstanding instruction and for sharing your knowledge.
I truly enjoyed this course to its' core. Dr Hare is an animated professor w/a gift for teaching to an engaged audience. I learned so very much during this course, some new and some confirmations of what I believed to be true. My experience w/Coursera is a positive one for certain and I am already enrolled in my next course. Thank you Dr Hare for sharing your knowledge and expertise in your study of dogs w/me. RufF lOve, Alice
A very enjoyable course which has provided me with further knowledge with regards to understanding our relationship with dogs. Up to date and using as much new research as possible, alongside with historical studies, it made it an interesting comparison to further improve our understanding of dogs. It was ideal for me to use as CPD for my continued membership of the dog training organisation of which I am a member (APDT UK).
it was absolutely exciting every week of the course.I learnt a lot about dogs, but even more about primates and human beings as well. It was really surprising for me. I feel gratitude and thanks for this opportunity to follow this course and got subsidising from the Coursera organisation.Without their generosity I cannot effort this course.I just recoommend this course to everybody with or without dogs :-).Thanks again!
LOVED the course, ENJOYED the learning!  Great video presentations by Dr. Hare … easy to engage, and wonderful to have the flexible fit into my schedule.  Keep up to good work.  Would like to know more about how the "Certificate" is issued. Keep getting opportunity to pay for the certificate on screen, even though I did that at the start of the course.  LOVE the book as well … thank you for providing such great tools.
I believe a lot of people become frustrated with their dog because they try to apply a human thought process to their dog. The main point i got from this class is how reliant the breed is to human gestures . the dog has become reliant on human direction to survive. Take the feral dog example their poor rate of reproduction is unsustainable in the wild . A reason there are not groups of wild dogs living in the wild .
It's the best course I have ever attended. The knowledge is based on many interesting experiments. I finished 8 weeks course in a few days because I couldn't stop watching it. I am looking forward to attending more courses like this. It's also worth to mention that due to Financial Help from Coursera I was able to get certified from this course without any costs! Thank you very much for your support Coursera!
What a wonderful class. I have found very few colleges that offer aclass in regards to animals, unless you're majoring as a vet. This class gives me the option to learn about my best friend (my dog) and how to apply my learned skills to better his life.  The course content is easy to understand and exciting for an avid animal lover. Thank you Coursera, for changing how education is delivered. #rethinkcollege
Really great course. There's not much coursework so it's mostly listening to lectures that tie together with the (optional) paid website Dognition. If you decide to buy Dogition those will function was your lab for the class, but you don't need to. I enjoyed it the same way I enjoy the Great Courses series, as something to listen to and learn from largely passively. And the topic couldn't be better; dogs!
The course was excellent - it was easy to follow/excellent content and presentation and a new respect to scientists who work very hard in obtaining verifiable data, which can benefit others.  Hats off to Dr Hare and his Team; love your dedication and professionalism and your enthusiasm to extend this information to the citizens of this world.  Heartfelt thanks to all concerned.  Would love more :-)
Very informative and science-based, FUN course. I really loved how Ilearned so much about generic animal cognition, beyond that of my beloved dogs.Although a bit of a sales pitch made the beginning of this course a bit "meh", the instructor more than made up for it on later weeks. Suggestion: spread out the sales pitch a bit or focus it on it midway through the course, instead of the beginning. :)
Informative and FUN course for anyone who wants to understand their dogs even further. Lots of low star reviews complaining about "marketing" too much of Dognition and Genius of Dogs, but I must say when taking the course and using both of them as extra materials, I gained lots of new insight. Dr. Brian Hare as the teacher was never boring to listen to which made the course even more satisfying.
Really interesting course. My background is in health sciences and this course got me more interested in evolution than anything else I have come across in all my years. Very clear and accessible sharing of information. Great level of detail in lectures that gives a nice introduction without overloading students, while pointing to books and other readings for those who want to go more in depth.
Changed the view about dogs. highly useful for a veterinarian like me  as we  have to deal with hundreds of dogs every year in different difficult situations, and their owners. I always felt that dealing the owner is the biggest problem. Now I understood what could be the reason and how to handle it. Knowing canine friends in a better way will help to tell the owners why they are so like that.
I have been working with rescue and shelter dogs for the last 8 years.  This course was so very insightful.  Sometimes we think that the dog is difficult to work with and not a good learner, but perhaps the dog is thinking differently than we expect them to.  I will assess situations differently now.  I have also enjoyed working with my own adopted pup within the Dognition games.  Thank you!
This course was a lot of fun. I was sad when it was over. I wish there were more courses in this topic. I had read Brian Hare's book, The Genius of Dogs, a couple years ago and wanted to explore more about canine cognition. This course reviews many ideas in his book with some additional topics. I would highly recommend reading his book for more details on the experiments and researchers.
While very canine in its specialization, the course keeps one aware of similarities we share with most sentient beings and marvel at forces and decisions of countless of our ancestors have taken to make us the species we are and also make us aware of the responsibilities towards our plant which provided te perfect conditions and others who share our home. Thank you for your work.
I absolutely loved it.  I found Brian Hare's enthusiasm infectious.  I loved the background to evolution and the comparative studies with different animals.  As someone who has worked as a dog trainer for a number of years, this course has been like a software update for my brain.  Now I need to figure out how to apply what I have learned for the better of the dogs that I meet.
This course was not only absolutely fascinating, it gave me a scientific perspective that I had not previously acquired throughout the rest of my education, training and experience as a professional dog trainer. I now always consider and apply the principles of cognition to my evaluation, training and behavior modification of dogs. I look forward to the future of this research.
I really enjoyed this course, and Dr. Hare's lectures were very informative and interesting. The course was well-organized and paced nicely. I did buy the text even though it was not required, and I was very glad that I did because it is very well-written and filled with great information. I would highly recommend this course to others. Thank you for offering it.
This was a fun class to complete over the summer and especially when stay at home orders were in place. I have a dog so it was interesting how I could almost figure out what goes on in his head when doing certain activities. The quizzes were short and easy to follow along. They were also extremely helpful when wanting to add more information to your notes!
This is a great class so far. I am enjoying taking a new look at dogs. It has been especially interesting looking at my dogs in a new way and applying what I have learned. I have found the incorporation of real life cognition experiments with apes and foxes a very interesting part of the course.  I hope to be able to take more classes from Duke University.
This course is interesting and easy to follow. I was aware of his work through some of the articles he mentions throughout the course and would especially suggest this course as potentially interesting to people who have been reading some of the scientific literature (including Dr. Hare's publications). Well done, I would take a follow up course any time.
Very good course, it gives an overview on some important aspects of dog (and human) evolution and cognition. Important work is going on at Duke University at the Dog Cognition Lab. Dr. Hare is a very inspired person and scientist and his willing to share and go further in research and understanding about humans and canines is involving.Highly recommended.
I am an ameteur dog trainer and this helped me out considerably in ways I can improve my interactions with my own dogs to make my training sessions be more productive. I'll be raising a litter of puppies soon and am looking forward to watching them grow and develop their own cognitive profiles so that I can make sure they all go to the best fit homes.
Wonderful introductory course to dog emotion and cognition. Dr. Hare was a wonderful teacher, explaining challenging concepts in a very approachable way. Many experiments are references, as well as real world practices making the data and science approachable. Dr. Hare also puts much of the principals we're taught into action by the end of the class.
Enjoyed the lecture and content of the course.  I learned a great deal as well as helped confirm what I already knew.  Really liked the comparison with other species including humans.  Animal behavior has been my passion.  I was fortunate to have worked with Dian Fossey in 1974 at Karisoke Research Center studying the behavior of mountain gorillas.
I learnt a lot about dogs and other animals. Very fruitful learning experience. Dr. Hare provided a lot of useful information supported with data from Dognition. I also have a better understanding of myself and how I should train my dog in the future. Course material is just about right, the quiz reinforced what was being said during the video.
Course was very informative, well presented, and covered a lot of topics with detailed information which creates new ideas for ways of training that use their own higher abilities of learning. Course can help trainers understand what they already know, one method does not work on all dogs by demonstrating that dogs learn in many different ways.
I learned a lot in this class.  Now I understand what my dog is capable of doing.  I might have set unreasonable expectations on my dog before I took this class.  My dog has a Dognition profile.  This class also helps me understand her profile better and understand the reason behind each games.  Thank you, Dr. Hare and the Duke team.
I love, love, love this course.  Recommend it for any dog lover or those interested in how dogs think and our utterly unique relationship with them.  In my years of college and online classes, this is the most interesting course I have ever taken.  Highly recommend the book too.  I couldn't put it down.  Dr. Hare does an amazing job.
Absolutely a great course! It was a bit strong on the advertising in the beginning but after the first few lectures this significantly decreased. Dr. Hare is one of the leading researchers in dog cognition, and he also goes into a the cognition of a number of other animals. It was a very interesting course and I highly recommend it.
This is a GREAT course and complements my B.A. in Human Psychology. I've fostered dogs for decades and have always wanted to take some classes to learn more about dog psychology. Your professors and knowledge base are of incredible assistance, and I appreciate this opportunity to get certified and add this to my resume'. Thank you!
This was a fabulous course. I do diagnostic testing with young autistic children and their testing is very similar to some of these tests. I'm familiar with much of the primate research but this body of knowledge was new and exciting for me. I am also a dog owner, so it was interesting in that sense too! thanks for a great course.
Incredibly fascinating and exciting course! I've feel so well informed on the new revelations of dog behavioural science and compelled to continue to read more on the subject.  I cannot recommend this course highly enough, it is engaging, well delivered and has great materials.  Thank you, Dr Hare, see you in the dognition data.
I´d found this course really good, I have a litle bit experience with dog training throw the years experience with my dogs  and internet videos, but this approach never have it before, I thanks to Dr. Ohara for the great course he made for Coursera I definitely apply dognition games to my dogs and the dogs of my friends. Saludos
Really interesting information about the evolution of dogs, their cognitive approach to problem solving and their relationship to humans. Just the tip of the iceberg but a great jumping off point to further understanding man's best friend. Content was presented in a way that was easy to follow and complete at your own pace.
This is an extremely interesting course. It may be best experienced when done in unison with "the genius of dog" book and testing a dog using the dognition website. I do not have a dog but am seriously consider asking a friend to use his or hers. I would definitely be interested in following other courses made by Dr. Hare.
I like in particular how because Dr. Hare has included other animals in his field of study, that these comparisons are brought into lectures. You might think it starts of easy and do-able but it gets more informative and in depth in later lessons. Stick it out, it's worth it! (Now I just wish I opted for certification!)
It was such a pleasure to learn about the best species in the world from a very passionate teacher, institution, and research groups. Thank you so much for making many scientific literature accessible and understandable  to millions of people all around the globe. Take care, and I hope your dogs continue to tippytap.
Very interesting Course; it's a good idea to get hold of the recommended book (Intelligence of dogs) as well as participate on the dognition website activities. Great course for all who are interested in understanding why dogs are what they are and how we (humans) have developed our affability towards this species.
Super fun and interesting. I loved learning the reasons behind different kinds of dog behavior and applying all the domestication hypothesis on our own species, humans! A must for dog lovers! I highly recommend this course, the professor is engaging and you can really tell he is passionate about his field of study.
Absolutely loved this course!  The early lectures set up the background information that is needed to understand the lectures that come near the end, so prospective students should be aware that this course does not just discuss dogs exclusively.  I would highly recommend this course to others (dog owners or not)!
No doubt; anyone can learn more and be surprised at how far the science are today about knowledge about dogs. Not just knowledgeable but so many effective tools that can be transferred to the real life directly for the benefit of both dog and human. I'm sure my dog friend thinks "finally they understand ...." :-))
This was the best course ever, thank you! As for my own little input - cats, bunnies, rats and mice also use human gestures - I had them all as pets so I know for a fact. If you'd like to see a video of my cats, e-mail me at blanka.echo@gmail.com. Good luck in your future work, hope my dog's results helped a bit.
Outstanding overview that is both fascinating and practical for those interested in dog training - friendly to the total beginner and then quickly builds into more advanced theories and concepts. I learned so much about how our dogs think and interface with the world, and most importantly, with us. Thanks, prof!
GREAT. I listened to these lectures while at work and it was so engaging. A few very interesting studies are cited and I would recommend the Dognition app to any of my pet lover friends. This course has followed me in my interactions with animals and it will probably continue to come to mind in the future.
Very interesting course. The quizzes were challenging, which was good, and I liked that there was a final exam, too. The lecturer was maybe a bit too "wordy" and could have cut to the point faster without repetition but he was being enthusiastic about his topic, so that is forgiven. Overall, a good course!
A great basic science course focused around man's best friend. Highly enjoyable lectures, and the "citizen science" aspect is fun too. The material is presented in a really accessible way, and is a fun introduction to genetics, evolution, cognition, and a number of other topics through the lens of dogs.
This was an amazing course! The format was fantastic and easy to follow and Dr. Brian hare was an engaging speaker, which the videos wonderful to watch. I also really liked that it was self-paced because then I could really try out the Dognition exercises with my dog and have the time to read the book.
I Enjoyed This Course so Much, So many things explained elaborately which helped a lot to understand the overall topics, and thanks for the so many resources and reference given for extra knowledge gathering, thanks to our lecturer and all the fellow mates for being helpful in the discussion section,
I found this course very interesting in order to know more about myself by knowing more about our relations with other species. I think the concept of self-domestication and the physiological changes it produces in the individuals has been the most surprising thing I've learned thanks to this course.
This is an extraordinary course. I'm currently enrolled in school to become a Veterinary Assistant, and this course (along with Brian Hare & Vanessa Woods' "The Genius of Dogs," has been a wonderful learning experience. I definitely recommend this for anyone working with dogs and dog owners. Cheers.
Absolutely LOVED this course. Fascinating studies on how dogs and other animals as well as humans have evolved and the many different branches of intelligence. There was not a single dull moment in this course and the professor was brilliant. Can't recommend this course highly enough. Thank you!
Best online course I've taken regarding canine science. Starts off a little slow, but by "week 3," I was hooked. The information presented is exciting and relevant. And, the course left me with a greater hunger for knowledge, which I believe is the hallmark of an excellent learning experience.
This was a fantastic course. I'm so impressed with the learning style, mixing the book (The Genius of Dogs) with the online course made understanding and retaining the information so much easier. It's genuinely impacted how I will be training my current dogs and future dogs. Thank you so much.
I Have just finished the course and loved it! Brian Hare is great, and is an honor to see his lectures. I work with dog cognition and emotional sense, so i've read a lot of Brians papers. This course is amazing and I indicate to everyone who study animal behavior or just love dogs (or both).
Excellent Information, Great Professor, and Superior Knowledge for a better understanding of Man's Best Friend. Worth EVERY SINGLE PENNY of the $49.99 or whatever the compensation was for teaching & explaining this information on a university level. Thanks Again Mr. Hare, Duke University
It was a great course for all dog lovers! The content was so interesting with types experiments and games to better understand our pet dogs. Also the scientific findings are so suprising for us to really know who our dogs are. Go through this, your dog-knowing journey will be wonderful!!
Thank you so much for providing this educational opportunity to learn a bit more about the history and psychology of our closest companions: dogs! It let me learn so much about our most beloved pet animal in the household! It was the perfect pace of short, easy, and thought-compelling.
The course itself was fantastic. I had read Dr. Hare's book previously and was a part of the Beta Test of dognition. But this was even better. It helped me gain an even better understanding of the subject. I can only highly recommend it to anybody interested in dogs and their behavior.
This has been a great way of surviving lockdown due to coronovirus in the UK!Enjoyed the way the course was presented and have found the book to be a  good supporting resource.I have been training dogs since the mid 1970s (am now aged 68) and this has given me a new way of thinking.
I have always loved dogs. This course truly helped me better understand the animal I feel the deepest connection to. The course content was perfectly split up and engagingly delivered by the professor, Dr.Brian Hare through the use of humour to instill the facts in learners' minds.
This was excellent!  As a professional dog trainer, I really value the information I got from this course.  Yes I also bought his book but It is a really good resource.  You can get it used at a lower cost.  I have been recommending this course to my "want to know more" clients.
Excellent start to the course. Looks like it is going to be really hands on with the different tests you can do with your own dog/s. I can't wait to get started and find out all about my dog's psychology. Just wondering how different it will be to my pre-conceived perceptions.
This course gives scientific insight on how dogs have become human's best friend and it leads to better understanding toward as well as relationship with dogs. It is fantastic to come to know the citizen science which all dog lovers can contribute for better future with dogs.
As a dog trainer I found this course very insightful into the mind of a dog and will be putting many of the games and ideas I learned into action with the dogs I teach. I will also suggest the Dognition site to all of my clients looking to do more with their dog's training
What a great course!  Thank you so much Dr. Hare, Duke University, and (of course!) Coursera for making this class available.  I've learned quite a bit and will use this as another building block to continue my studies in animal behavior, welfare, biology, and psychology.
Excellent, excellent course.  Very science-based but accessible to the layperson.  I have a background in biology and animal care and can say that Dr. Hare knows dogs!  I thought I knew a lot about dogs, but I learned SO MUCH MORE by taking this course.  Highly recommend.
As an educator and advocate, I am so grateful to have had access to such an amazing course. Between the book, Dognition site, and coursework, I feel like many aspects of behavior and genetics have been demystified. Thank you! Deirdre Franklin, CEO of Pinups for Pitbulls
I absolutely LOVED this course and the way it was conducted. The content of the course is of great quality and I have learnt a lot. I would definitely recommend this course to all dog lovers and anyone who is interested in understanding these beautiful animals better.
By far one of the most interesting animal studies courses that i enrolled in.Informative in so many ways.I would however - whilst aim is to loop back to dogs over time - change the title as this course covers a whole lot more topics,  than only concentrating on dogs.
So interesting and the way he spoke and explained things as well as in conjunction with the book and Dognition site, really made this course fun and exciting.  I feel comfortable to move forward in my studies of dog behavior and am thankful for this type of learning.
"Dog Emotion and Cognition" by Dr. Brian Hare does not only present you with remarkable information on the subject, but also provide you with great insight that is crucial to understand human and animal psychology to begin with. Definitely a very informative course!
I learned so much about the questions we all have about why dogs are the way they are regarding man's best friend. It's facinating to understand better why dogs do what they do, how they've learned to do things, and what we can do to better understand their intent.
The course has given me better understanding about animal behaviour, our bond with dogs, as well as an insight to how humans and other species might have evolved. I would recommend that another course which would go more indept into animal psychology be developed.
Absolutely brilliant! I've always loved dogs and certainly enjoy their companionship, but this course really helped me gain insight into how my dog thinks.  With this knowledge, I can devise new games that will keep us both entertained and help us bond even more.
This course revealed to me that science is very interlinked as the course covered topics of animal behaviour, genetics, evolution and psychology. It also showed that discoveries are found when scientists are brave enough to test a hypothesis that could be false.
Great course. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn about the evolution of our relationship with dogs--a unique relationship to be sure. Good opportunity to input into citizen scientist data base if interested, and willing to submit a fee.
Professor Hare did an outstanding job of sharing his research about dog emotion and cognition.  I was especially impressed how his ecological cognition principles can be applied to understanding human evolution and behavior as well.  Thanks for a great class!
This is an extremely interesting course that delves deeper than just dog cognition by connecting the evolution and domestication of dogs with that of humans and apes. I thoroughly enjoy this course and will be looking for other courses conducted by Dr. Hare.
It was a very informative course, it went into great detail and allowed you to try experiments/games with your dog to see their own cognitive abilities. I really enjoyed this course and would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about their dogs.
This was such an insightful course and I would recommend it to anyone interested in animal cognition. Dr. Hare is not only a great scientist, he is also a very down to earth and charismatic individual who makes this course a lot of fun and easy to follow.
Brief, but informative.  This is a great course for general dog lovers, owners, and scientists.  It's surprising how short the course is, though.  The videos are quite brief, but there are many every week, so the coursework looks longer than it really is.
great course if you're a dog lover, dog trainer, dog walker, or just someone who's interested in the interface between canine human relationships. My only qualm is that some of the questions may have been written better, but all in all a capturing class!
Absolutely loved it, opened my eyes about the Genius of Dogs, which I intuitively already suspected :). Brian's approach is educational and fun, and very easy to follow. I can highly recommend this gem to anyone wanting to understand their dogs better.
Am enjoying this course and it has taught me to look at my dogs with a very different perspective. I think I love them more now because I can see them as individuals, instead of descendants of wolves or their breeds or a fixed kind of 'doggy' behavior.
Great summaries of topics in videos. Great independant study option including certificate and possibilities to improve. Would be great if a few videos of the actual promoted platform/ research would be more visbile in a few demo videos of partcipants.
This course was definitely even more interesting than I thought it would be. As someone who is majoring in animal behavior I'm thinking of working for this program. I think studying dog emotion and cognition even more in depth would be so rewarding.
Loved the course. Great for review of the basics and how the world of cognition in dogs started. Learning the behind scenes of Dr.Hares research was very interesting. I think this course is a great tool for both pet parents and canine professionals.
This was a great introduction to the subject of cognition!  Dr. Hare is engaging and the material was interesting.  I learned a lot about the newest member of our family as well as more about chimps and humans.  Dogs are truly fascinating creatures.
This was a very informative class, and presented in an manner that was very progressive and logical manner.  It was easy to follow along and the examples provided not only demonstrated the ideas being presented, but were also quite interesting.
Excellent Course to understand my dog behavior. It is Hare who made it so simple to understand this, so instructor of the course is too good. Thank you for offering such innovative course. In India we do not have such courses. so learnt a lot.
The course content is simply amazing. I own a small pet sitting business, and it certainly gave me a lot of input on how to understand my dog clients better. I recommend this course to every single pet business owner and to dog owners as well.
PAAAAWWWWSOME!!! Must study for doggie lovers. Helps me debunk so many myths and undrestand my own dog much better. Highly recommend course participant to read the book (an easy and very pleasant read) and play in cognition! Oxytocin FTW!!! :D
Excellent course that was very informative and taught by a professor named Brian Hare who presented the subject in a way that grabbed your attention and made learning this subject interesting and valuable to ones knowledge of canine behavior.
Extremely interesting and rewarding to learn, especially as a dog professional! Dog owner or not, it's a great course to take because it also reveals information on cognition in general, and we as humans can learn a lot about ourselves too.
It was very interesting course, I thought I knew a lot about dogs psychology and cognition but it turned out that I have a lot of white blankc about some thing. Very informative course with good slides and some very interesting information.
Absolutely amazing! I could not stop reading the book and going through the course. I learned so much about the science behind it all, evolution, and not only how dogs behave but other animals too, that it was inspiring. Thanks Dr. Hare!
Amazing course with loads of information for anyone wanting to understand dogs and animals on their level.  I have totally enjoyed the experience and recommend this course to anyone wanting to understand the human relationship with dogs.
it is a perfect course for understanding dogs what are able to do or not. you will love teacher because you understand that he loves animals and he gives great examples. thank you for giving us opportunity to take this course like this.
GREAT information, great teacher with a positive attitude and open-mind. I wish there would have been more interactive material and the quizzes were not only two questions before getting to final exam. I hope there will be more to come!
Very interesting and enjoyable course with a lot of fun facts and information.  Highly recommended if you wish to understand why your dog behaves this way and what they are thinking. Thank you Dr. Brian, for running this course online.
Absolutely loved this course. It is extremely informative and the syllabus was beautifully framed. this course is definitely going to help me in my future endeavors. The tests were extremely helpful and the course was very interesting.
Is an interesting course because it explains  how was the process that dogs went through until they became what we consider most of people today as our best friend, and it also explains the different types of intelligence between dogs.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! It was extremely interesting and engaging - I talked about this course to everyone I know! I loved getting to know my dog better and look forward to the monthly games provides by the Dognition website!
I have just taken this course and I am completely captivated !  Moving at a very fast pace to finish it. It is really fun to learn and of a great help since i have two puppies at home. Thank you Doc. Hare for making this great course !
Very interesting course!  Dr. Hare is passionate about the subject matter and that really shines through in his delivery.  Hopefully information like this helps us redefine our relationship with dogs as well as better understand them.
Well paced, lots of information to assimilate and understand. This course focuses on general aspects of evolution and cognition, and then moves on to the application of principles to animals generally, and then, particularly, to dogs.
This course was full of interesting information! Dr. Hare was very thorough and clear in all of the examples and explanations of complicated topics. I would recommend this course to anyone interested in dogs, animals, and cognition.
This course was fascinating and incredibly thorough. While dense in information Dr. Hare was really good at addressing his audience and explaining terms that the non-scientific population may not know. Fascinating course! Thank you!
Only halfway through and I give this course 5 stars. The instructor is fun and charming. The course is very interesting and informative. Thanks for putting this out. I hope you put out more moocs like this in the future. :)~April W.
Very informative course about both biology and psychology of dogs as well a humans and apes, with applications to life and detailed knowledge. The course is straight to the point with each lecture being useful and interesting.
I loved Hare and Dognition - this was informative and fun but probably needs an update given recent research by Oxford's Larson.  Though I'm still firmly in Savolainen's camp, it'd be interesting to hear Hare's take on it all.
It was great learning so many things about dogs and how the research ties with human beings and other animals. And Dr. Hare was a magnificent teacher; his enthusiasm about the subject really shines through and pulls you in.
An informative well-worth it course.  It is challenging and thought provoking.  Truly enjoyed it.  I enjoyed the quiz and tests also enabling you to learn what you may have missed.  Thank you, Dwayne Farris BCK9SERVICES.COM
I learned a lot about the way animals perceive the world and how we as humans can give them a better life.  We are all connected.  Dr, Hare was filled with information audit was easy to gain the knowledge thru his lectures.
Great course to understand how dogs have become the species they are today and how they distinguish themselves from other species. I've learned a lot about my own dog and how other dogs vary in their own thinking abilities.
This is a very interesting and enjoyable course which covers incredible information about dogs, humans and other animals. I loved every part of it! It is worth reading the Genius of Dogs and interacting with dognition.com.
I learned so much through this course! I look forward to learning more about dog cognition and how it compares in other species in hopes of figuring out the various similarities and differences between us an other species.
I'm an international student. I just have been studying English for 6 month. I think this topic is very helpful for me to practice my listening skill, and also it's very interesting!  I love this course. Thanks professor.
Highly addictive course! I find myself quoting random tidbits that I learned to complete strangers. I don't even have a dog! I recommend this to anyone who is an animal lover, interested in cognition and learning, or...ju
I love this course, I have learned a great deal about what dogs can and cannot learn and understand. This will absolutely help me to better understand and train my dog. It has made me realize the true intellect of dogs.
This course has helped me to underestand a lot about my dog's behavior. Besides I´ve learned about many other species, such as apes, dolphins, foxes, wolves, etc.  I truly recommend this interesting and friendly course.
This is an extremely interesting course, and it is not just about dogs but teaches a lot about evolution in general as well. I have found it fascinating. I watched the last couple of lessons wishing it not to end ever.
I really enjoyed this class, the additional reading and the Dognition exercises.  It was very informative and I've begun to practice things I learned with my dog, the shelter dogs I work with and dog that I sit & walk.
I had a wonderful time during this course. I think everyone that likes dogs and animals in general will also enjoy this course. I learned a lot and I really recommend both the course and the book (The Genius of Dogs)!
This course was a minimal time commitment, simple, and very interesting for the lay person and scientist alike. It's fantastic to see an open online course offered on a subject that has exploded in the last few years!
Excellent course, and the instructor does a great job in making the science of dog emotions and cognition understandable to the average citizen scientist. Thank you for providing this course to dog lovers everywhere.
I highly recommend this course if you own or want to own a dog. The research on animal interaction with humans is very interesting and helpful. Dr. Hare's experiences with his own dogs led to fascinating studies!
a great introduction to cognition topics in both humans and animals, you gonna learn interesting topics about cogniton and evolution, Dr. Hare its a great lecturer and every video lesson is fun and enjoyable!!!
Great course for learning about Dog behavior.  Humane and natural observations only.I would encourage the instructors to create another online class exploring more on Dog behaviors.Tamara BraggAnimal Advocate
Awesome course, easy to understand, and far more informative about various species than the title would lead you to believe (although it is, obviously, based and centered around dog cognition and emotion).
If you think that you know your dog try this MOOC and get surprised. The course is interesting in many ways: not only the things that you can learn but the system and additional activities are amazing.
Catchy course suitable even for non-professional dog/animal lovers. I enjoyed it and I hope I'll have a chance to apply newly acquired knowledge to my training in the future. Thank you for the project!
Great course with a lot of new information, not just about dogs but even domestication of other species, including humans. The predictability of aggression in humans would be an interesting next topic
What a great course to get to know Dog Emotions and Cognition! While learning a lot about dog's behavior and interacting with us humans, I have also learned about evolution in both animals and humans.
lovely course for those who are dog lovers and who care about their wel-fare.This course gives enrichement information about how people can understand dogs and their minds and how dogs see the world.
An excellent introduction to the world of dog cognition. Anyone who is interested in working with dogs, or just learning more about their new adopted family member should definitely take this course.
This course was very informative and interesting. Even people without dogs as pets and having an interest towards pets can take up this course. By doing so, we get to understand ourselves better.
Really enjoyed this course!  Was my first university course for about 2 years.  I have PTSD, amnesia, social anxiety, and depression.  Shout out to this school having an awesome course available.
I found this course very interesting.  As a dog trainer steeped in Behaviorism and Classical Conditioning, it was nice to get a different perspective, and this course was a fun way to do that.
WOW...what a surprise this course offered in regards to what cognition is, what it means, and the impact it can have on our understanding how dogs learn and evolve with themselves and humans.
Absolutely brilliant!!! I am a veterinarian and very into dogs so no surprised I liked it, but I think this could be just the course for anyone that has a dog or is thinking of getting one.
This was a great introductory course for dog evolution and cognition. I hope there will someday be a part two to this - presenting more insights into dog cognition as more research is done.
This course was engaging and informative. Dr. Hare picked a great line of work, as he kind of reminds me of a friendly puppy himself. I look forward to more research from these experiments!
Excellent.  Maybe my favorite course on Coursera ever.  Full of useful, compelling, new information.  Instructor super friendly and a great communicator.  Obviously he learned from his dog.
Thought provoking. Different cultural attitudes toward dogs a little unsettling - given number of bites and attacks, resources devoted to dogs rather than to humans, is a serious question.
Interesting insights about how dogs think and what we perceive through their behavior. Taken purely for personal enrichment. Wish I'd had more time available to work with the lab material.
I loved the course. Please, could you pland other courses about dogs, cognition, emotion, trainning....?I think the profesor is very good. Plese, could you organized more courses with him?
An excellent course, especially for those of us who love dogs or are already professionals in the veterinary area, it is really easy and entertaining. Thank you very much from Costa Rica!
Such a great and interesting course! I'm really learning so much from this and feel it's really well put together. Great work from Brian Hare et al - keep up the good work you're doing!
Thank you so much to everyone who made this course available and of course also the coursera. It gave me a lot of information and I am definitely looking forward for many such courses.
This really helped with my dog training business to better understanding individual dog's and what they need based on their strengths and weaknesses shown with the cognitive profiling!
Is a great course if you want to understand how is that dogs have become such important part of human life and to know how they interact with the world around them. Thanks Doctor Hare!
Learned a lot of interesting and surprising facts. It was very pleasant and fun to follow Dr. Hare's lectures. The passion for this topic clearly shines through. Glad I participated.
I loved this course! It opened my mind to thinking about animals in far different ways than I normally would. It was very interesting, and I am now going to read The Genius of Dogs!
Great course, learnt a lot of new and interesting things as someone who loves dogs. Hope to use some of the material I learnt in my MOOC on the relationship between humans and dogs
This is amazing. I truly enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone that loves dogs and wants to know more about them. I will probably take this class again. I liked it that much.
Dr. Hare is an engaging teacher and the course content is a wonderful adjunct to the typical dog training literature.  I really enjoyed the course and his book, which I purchased.
I loved that course! It was informative, interesting, very entertaining! Don't miss it if you have a dog, interested in dogs, love dogs, work with dogs! - Greetings from Hungary!
I am just starting to take this lecture, but I think it's really good lecture. The pf talk to me very easily and make me understand well. This subject is not difficult. I like it
Never felt like I HAD to do this course, always looked forward to it and to seeing Brian again haha! An informative and very enjoyable couple of weeks. Wish I could do it again.
I loved the course because I learned so much about dogs and coursera gave me the opportunity to do so at my own speed whenever I had time and felt capable of learning! Thank yo
This course gave me wonderful insight into a corner of learning and training that I hadn't considered before. I can't wait to do the entire dognition experiment with my dogs.
Fantastic course! I have learned so much. Worth reading the book "Genius of Dogs". So happy to have a certificate from Duke University signed by Brian Hare! Totally worth it!
Really interesting, I learned a lot from this course. It's approach was more scientific than I expected, which is a great thing. Some experiments presented here blew my mind!
Thanks for this course! I’m very interesting to give the book and Brian is a really good teacher. Thanks for sharing all the things you know with us! Cheers from New Zealand
Absolutely loved the course and thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it. The module quizzes made the course to be more interactive and engaging. Great stuff by Dr.Brian Hare.
Great course! Learned a lot about how animals learn, with yet so much more for me to learn and practice. The Genius of Dogs was also an excellent resource. Thank you again!
It is an excellent course.  The course content is evident-based and scientific.  While it is very comprehensive, the language is simple enough for any person to understand.
i love this course! No where around me at all offers a class like this and for my situation the fact that its online is even better! I've learned/learning a lot, thank you!
An incredibly well designed course, easy to follow the professor who is not shy of rigorous scientific rigor and providing a new venue for learning this discipline matter.
Very well constructed. The information flows at a perfect pace. This course would be beneficial for all dog owners, trainers, rescuers, anyone who interacts with canines.
As a vet I was happy to complement in this way my knowledge about dogs, especially everything involving the history of their domestication and their cognitive abilities.
Really improved my knowledge of what research is now available about dogs and what we know about their evolution.  Lovely illustrations and simple, easy explanations. :)
very good. it's easy to understand, and also very interesting. the lecture is clearly and well organized and the teacher is very kind. I will recommend it to my friends.
Excellent class for those that want a deeper understanding of dog abilities and shortcomings. I’d highly recommend it to any open to evolving as a trainer or dog owner.
This was fun and informative. I'd really like to try a few experiments on my dog now. It's also made me curious about the relationship between cat cognition and humans.
I had a nice experience of learning.If you are a dog lover or not definitely you are going to enjoy this course.Excellent professors who have great amount of knowledge
Great course, it goes through many scientific experiments to draw forth the amazing results. It is useful for dog (or other animals) lover. By the way, I got the book.
Very refreshing ! As a dog trainer, this subject has truly gotten me curious and I cannot wait to do dognition not just with my dog, but also my students ! Thank you!
This was a good course i learned a lot thank you, for anyone thinking of doing this course do it you will learn so much about dogs that you had no clue about before.
This course has completely changed my life. I love it so much, I wich it could go on forever!!!! :))))))))     :)))))))     :)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
Very interesting. I wish we applied some of our new knowledge as to how we can apply that to better train dogs but that is not what this course sets out to achieve.
As a person who takes care of dogs for a living, I found this to be a really great way to learn more about them and potentially offer insight to some of my clients.
This is a relatively easy course to complete, but I definitely enjoyed learning about dog cognition and how they have evolved over time to become man's best friend.
Fascinating course that covers a lot of the basics of what we know about dogs and an inspirational look at what we are learning about their cognition capabilities.
This was a fun course. I am  photographer and hope to work with animals soon so I thought this would be helpful. I will recommend this class to anyone with a dog .
Excellent course. If you have a dog you have to take this. Instructor is awesome. This course will help you take your relationship with your dog to the next level.
Dr. Hare was a very engaging instructor. While there was less content directly related to dogs than expected, I still found the content quite interesting. Thanks!
A fantastic course, really well taught and easy to follow. Has been instrumental to giving me the confidence to start my own dog walking and pet sitting business!
What a fantastic course. It's great to learn from someone who is so passionate about what they are teaching and the knowledge they are willing to share.  AMAZING.
A wonderfully put together course on really exploring our canine companions to learn more about how they learn and ultimately have better relationships with them.
Dr. Hare speaks really clearly and with a lot of enthusiasm. The information the course brings is really interesting and kind of unexpected. I really enjoyed it.
This is a fascinating area of study. Thank you so much for this wonderful course. Dr Hare's lectures were well paced, informative and fun. More please from Duke!
Complete and interesting course about dog cognition. We learn a lot about dog's mental processes and behavior, which, as a dog trainer, I find very interesting.
very well presented and enjoyable to listen to, the summary's helped a lot and the quizzes were a good way to remember what was learnt in the lessons. Thank you
This course is really interesting. When I started the course I was instantly amazed. I thank professor Hare and his collaborators for their work and knowledge.
Brilliantly simplified complex scientific research data into information that anyone can understand and appreciate. Thank you so much for creating this course!
It was a really nice experience, a reference of teaching that keep you paying  atention, and you learn a lot while have fun, not a heavy and stresfull process.
I'm in the dog profession so I took this course for personal knowledge and I have learned so much! I am very satisfied with this course and I love the options.
Really great start into understanding dog psychology. This is something we don't get to study much in Australia. I am continuing on from this course with ISCP
I loved everything about this course. So much fascinating information that is delivered in an easy to understand format. Dr. Hare's enthusiasm is contagious!
Excellent! Great scientific information, videos and other explanations on animal evolution! You'll understand your best friend better and your own evolution.
Nice course. If you want to learn better your best friend, here you are. Also, dognition seems to be a remarkable endeavor for serving this purpose. Thanks!
Excellent course and very well presented. I do hope that you will present another course on animal cognition, it's an intriguing subject. Thank you so much.
I have been enlightened on many aspects of cognition and intelligence.I love the way this course is taught and i like Dr.Hare.I wish him blessings of Allah
I loved how this course was very information about dog cognition. It's amazing what you think you knew about dogs going in and what you learned coming out.
Superb! Incredibly interesting, well-planned, and enlightening. The most absorbing MOOC I have ever taken (and I have taken a few other really great ones!)
It was a great experience, i learn many things about dogs and chimpanzees and other species that i cant even imagine, great explanations!!! Thanks a Lot!!
I enjoyed every moment of this course. There's a lot of worthwhile and interesting information delivered in an easily comprehensible and friendly manner.
This was by far the most engaging Coursera course I've taken. I thought the dognition portion was fascinating and will continue to use it moving forward.
A must for all dog lovers/owners.  The course is well paced and explains how we can communicate better with our dogs and better understand own cognition.
Very interesting insight into Evolution, Cognition and Dog behaviour. I particularly loved the comparative approach with dogs, great apes and us humans!
Dr Hare explained clearly and enthusiastically some complicated ideas. The course provided a basic introduction to the evolution and behaviour of dogs.
love doing this course. It is much easier and much better since you can do it during your free time and you have plenty of time to do the assignments.
Great simple but at the same time precise and scientific course to help people understand what dog cognition is.I definitely do recommend this course!
Very interesting and thought provoking course, I have learned a lot. However some quizzes we not moderetated and some answeres seems to have mistakes.
I learned a lot from this course being an dog lover and a pet owner it seriously boosted my relationship with my pet. Thank you soo much coursera!!!!
Facinating look at animal cognition.  I learned a lot of really intresting things and am hopeful that they will inform my own relationship with dogs.
I thought this was a great course.  It was extremely informative and I learned the concept behind many  animal behaviors and the evolvement of dogs.
Got this course to help me understand a puppy I planned on getting.  I want to try the Dognition with the new pup and an 8 year old dog that I have.
Enjoyed the course and gave me a greater understanding about dog's cognition. Loved Dognition and how it can help me profile and understand my dog.
The course was very informative  and has helped me a lot to know about dogs . The instructor was  also very good . I  had fun learning this course
loved it! As a dog owner/shelter volunteer and aspiring trainer this course open my eyes to a whole new world. I see my dogs totally different now
A fantastic introduction to Dog Cognition sciences!Either as a trainer or an investigatior in dog-related issues this is a course you cannot miss.
Good explanation from the history of how dogs evolved to how thy have become today.  Interesting course that have helped me to widen my knowledge
Really interesting, informative and thought provoking. Would definitely recommend to anyone with an interest in animals expecially dog behaviour.
I truly enjoyed this class and learned a lot of valuable information. Thank you! P.S. My dog was sitting next to me while I took this course! :-)
This is a really enjoyable course with lots of information and deep knowledge of the matter, also given in a positive and relaxed way. Thank you!
This was an awesome course! It is particularly interesting for me because I want to be a veterinary technician in the future, and I love dogs :)
It's a very interesting course, fun and full of valuable information. I learned a lot and my dogs and I really enjoyed the exercises. Thank You!
Very interesting ! I learned a lot about different species and it showed me some believes I hold weren't maybe as true as I tought them to be...
Great course. Enjoyed Dr. Hare's lectures and helped me better understand my dog's behaviour and thinking strategies. Thank you for the course.
Fun and informative. As a professional dog trainer, there was some information in the course that was new to me, and applicable for my clients.
Brilliant course. Learnt so much about dogs and evolution I never knew. Really recommend this course even if its just for some basic knowledge.
A well explained, interested course about how to conduct experiments and evaluate the cognitive skills of animals in general -- not just dogs.
The best online course I have ever attended. I never got bored. Lectures are just awesome. As a cognitive Science student, I enjoyed it most.
I really enjoyed this course! It was very interesting to hear about all the different experiments being performed with a variety of animals!
For anyone that loves animals and wants to understand more about cognition.  Fabulous course, must read the book to get the most out of it!
Very informative class! Opened up my mind to different thoughts and ideas in regards to how dogs behave, think and view human interaction.
Great class! I had so much fun learning about animals and playing games with my dog! We had a fun time bonding as well. Thanks Dr. Hare!!!
I had a great time learning all these new thing not just about dogs, but also about apes, evolution and cognitive approach to all species.
I found this course to be extremely interesting. It is very well explained and the research and examples shown make it very approachable.
This is a really informative and enjoyable course. I learned so much about dog psychology and it has caused me to understand dogs better!
I really enjoyed this course and the accompanying book.  I finished this course in a few days; it was so engaging I didn't want to stop!
Very easy to understand and interesting. The speaker has a well-organized line of thoughts, as well as the whole arrangement of topics.
Really useful information to understand your dogs behavior. Easy to understand, very cool exercises to put in practice what is learned.
Best Coursera course yet.  Fascinating topic of wide interest, the right pace, practical and fun with your own dog.   Brilliantly done!
I think people who have experience in studying science will take better advantage of this course but, in general, it has great content.
This course has increased my interest towards dogs... I really enjoyed the course and gained knowledge. Thankyou team,Duke University.
Wonderfully interesting and educational!  I'm going to read the book again. Thanks for a valuable class for all dog lovers and owners.
I loved this course, I read the Genius of Dogs and when I saw who the instructor was, I had to take it. Very informative and engaging.
Lovely course! I learned so much from this, more than I was expecting! Also great to understand human evolution and behaviour as well.
Fun course that explores why dogs are so special. I especially it when Dr. Hare explained the different experiments and their results.
Lots of very interesting material presented in an easy to understand manner. I had several "oh wow!" moments when taking the course.
love this course it was so helpful and interesting, i found all the units informative and was sad when the course was over! - Paula
I really enjoyed this course as it has helped me to understand my dog better. The Dognition games were very interesting. Thank you!
Course was easy to understand, well planned and very helpful.  I now have a better understanding of dogs and how to deal with them.
Truly interesting to have a course about something I thought I knew a lot about and have many of my preconceived notions dispelled!
Was great learnt a lot more than I expected and was a lot more detailed then what I expected as well. Highly recommend this course.
Grateful to be able to gain such insightful information through this course. Thanks to the instructor and the University. Regards.
Great course. Had loads of fun learning about how my dogs think and solve problems and enjoyed all the learning material covered.
this was an amazing course for me. I've learned really useful tips to have close relationship with dogs. thanks for everything :)
Awesome lessons.!I regard that there could be more examples in relation to humans' daily lives to make the class more intriging.
Very in dept study of dogs and their origin.  Learned so many fascinating things about my four-legged friend.  Highly recommend.
Like it, always a plus to learn from our best friend. Love the way of the comparison with other animals. Recommend for everyone.
Very interesting course that interlinked different species and taught complex concepts in a simple and fun way. Thanks Dr. Hare
Covers many different topics around dog cognition, good for those who know a lot about dogs/cognition already or for beginners!
I enjoyed learning more about dogs. The topics were informative and helpful in understanding these remarkable animals.Thank you
It was interesting and I knew reaaly a lot of new things here! I loved parts with experiments and suprizing results. Thank you!
There was a moment I was a bit skeptical about the class, but I ended loving it. Learned a lot about dogs and general behavior.
Great course for anyone who either likes dogs or interested in psychology+evolotion. If both appliess - it's lust too awsome :)
Its not bad, it explains alot about history and related cognition. But it can a bit draggy though. Its a pretty lengthy topic.
Amazing course! I would very like to be a part of finding more about doggy behaviors. I myself a bullmastiff and a great dane.
This course was an excellent subject for understanding how dogs think and learn.  It gives a good foundation for how to train.
I thought I knew alot about dogs but I found this really educational and learnt a lot I did not know. I recommend this course
Wonderful course to know more about our best friend. I have learned a lot and I recommend this course to every animal lover.
Very interesting and engaging, especially the citizen science element. I found the lectures easy to follow and to the point.
Great course, just a little too much selling towards the end I felt. But top-notch videos, and interesting content for sure!
Excellent overview and a lot of new information for me; I can hear Dr. Hare's passion for the subject in his presentations.
Dr. Hare clearly transmitted information.  The course was educational and valuable.  I learned more than I thought I would!
So much incredible information.  Brian Hare is an excellent instructor.  Blew away so many of my misconceptions about dogs!
Very informative and more than I expected. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in learning more about dogs.
This course teaches you a lot about Dog Emotion and Cognition but also teaches you about the Cognition about other animals.
This course was really fun and I learned a lot of background information regarding dogs. I can highly recommend this course
I learned a lot about dogs and how they came to be the animals we know and love! Don't judge breeds based on stereotypes!
The most excellent, fruitfull and exciting course I have ever taken in this area. Congratulations. Really really worthy!
Best course ever. Great videos that were easy to understand and filled with excellent information. I wish it was longer.
Great class. Very informative. Has already influenced the way I approach dog training and how dogs learn specific tasks.
Dr. Hare: Thank you for this  assignment and I really appreciate your advise for helping me and my Perrhijos (dogs sons)
Excellent course. Very interesting and the professor was really engaging showing his passion for the research discussed.
Nice MOOC very interesting. Had a bit of struggle with my English when answering nuanced questions as a foreign person.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to learn more about Canine Psychology!
Excellent course! Looking forward to incorporating more cognition based training mechanisms into my current curriculum!
Great course, lots of information about other animals that is very interesting. I would recommend to any animal lover.
Wonderful class! I would definitely recommend taking it if you're interested in the evolution and psychology of dogs.
If you have a dog this course is a must. It is worth the time provided you see your dog for more than ''just'' a dog.
Helpful in understanding how dogs think. Gives new information and knowledge about dogs and evolution. Great course!
This is such a great course! I highly recommend it for anyone who would like to learn more about dogs and cognition.
an amazing experience with a very well done lectures and you can feel the enthusiasm of doctor Brian the whole time
Enjoyed learning about studies done regarding dogs. Would love a new course with more current data and information
I liked the fact you could read the course or watch the videos and also that the activities could be done at home.
Great Information. Presented with enthusiasm and detail. I really enjoyed the course. And yes, I did learn a lot.
An excellent course to know more about behavior of our dogs. This course help me a lot to work with Dolça & Luck.
The only problem with this course is that it is way too short. I would love to learn more about dognition.Thanks
Very good course will be a great help in my dog training by allowing me a better understanding of Dog Cognition.
I really like this course. Also love the opportunity to test things out on your own dog with Dognition website!
A great course for dog lovers.  Plan to share my book with my 92 year old father who is a life long dog lover!
i really enjoyed this course. i learned lots of new things about animals. so thank you for making this course.
Excellent for Clinical social worker and psychologist if want to use intervention with animal assisted therapy
Much more detailed and scientific than I was expecting and have experienced in other courses. A great course!
It's very useful and interesting course.It's very good course. I enjoy and learn very  much.Thank you course.
I learned a lot about how dogs and people think. The experiment videos Dr. Hare shows are really interesting!
good tutor! good class structure! and the videos, pics and experiments in the classes are really interesting!
Brilliant, interesting and fun. I enjoyed every single lesson and video.Thank You and do some more, please!!
Super interesting ! I really enjoy it. I want more courses regarding dog psychology !Love Dognition , also !
This is an amazing course! Great content, explained in a very playful and dynamic way, totally recommended.
Learned a lot. Very interesting and fun course to take, especially when done alongside the dognition games.
Hi my name is Sofia, Ijust finished my course about DOG EMOTION AND COGNITION I want a certificate please.
It is a very interesting, fun and highly recommended course.a great job on Dr. Hare's part.Congratulations
Great view into dog emotion and cognition! Fantastic for helping learn the psychological side of training!
There is a lot to learn and it is very interesting!!! The games are fun to play at home with your own dog.
It was really fascinating! I learnt so much about dogs and how they operate. Really enjoyed it, thank you
A good course and easy to complete too..We will get a better understanding of dog cognition and evolution
such an interesting insight into the way we can study dog evolution to learn more about our own evolution
Great course with lots of information. It certainly changed my view of my dog's approach to us as humans.
Great course! A must-take for dog owners, but also a great class for those who don't have their own pup!
I really enjoyed studying the course. Looking forward to get some more certificate from Coursera. Thanks
Awesome course. It blows your mind and take you straight to the universe of cognition. Very recommended.
Very interesting course! It taught me how to better interact with and understand my furry best friends.
Excellent course! Fun, informative and has improved my understanding of evolution and dogs in general.
Definitely not what I expected, but much more profound and stimulating. Great content and well taught.
Very interesting! Excellent course to take if you are revisiting the college world or just beginning!
I loved the whole class. It helped me understand my furry friends more than ever. Fully recommended!!
Pushing you to sign up in dognition,  but I understand. Dr. Hare is an awesome speaker! Great course!
Excellent course. Very accessible to everyone who wants to learn more about dog emotion and cognition
This was a great course, as a dog trainer it has given me better insight on dogs and how they learn.
Absolutely enjoyed the course. Learned a lot not only about dogs but about humans and other animals.
Very interesting course. Hope to hear more courses about canines. Especially about their psychology.
excellent course to understanding your dog.  Good information about how dogs evolved.   2 thumbs up.
I am absolutely satisfied , from this course i uptdate my skills on theory of evolution . Thank you
Amazing and meaningfull content based in experiments and facts.  This course will blow your mind!!!
Very interesting; great teacher. Even if you don't agree with evolution, the course is still great.
So cool. The thing I like most was the vocation of Dr. Hare to explain the wonderful world of dogs
Awesome course, so much information, I'd recommend this class to anyone who is interested in dogs.
Thank you so much, i learned so many things that i didn´t know before this course about cognition
This course is very complete and interesting, I've learned so much things ! Thank you very much !
Very interesting course! Lots of information on new studies and developments in animal cognition.
It was an incredible course. It be so hard for me because I speak a few english but I HAS DO IT!!
Clear, well articulated, recent study findings and explanation.  An over-all wealth of knowledge.
Easy to follow, fun, and interesting! I really enjoyed the lectures as well as the extra games :)
Wonderful.  My poor dog...he is having daily fun as i test him emotionally and cognitively.....
Very interesting! I am veterinary student and this course was very insightful and interesting!
The course very interesting and informative and will help me greatly as I deal with dogs daily
Very interesting information - not just about dogs but tells us about ourselves as humans too!
A must take course for anyone who is studying animal psychology in college or works with dogs.
Exelent course!!! I really enjoyed it, and learned a lot about dogs that I had no clue about!
What an amazing class! Thank you very much Dr. Hare, Duke University and Coursera. Great job!
Very interesting approach and a very dynamic and positive teacher!A must for all dog lovers!
Great course! i Learned a lot, but it had a lot more content about evolution than just dogs.
The class was really captivating and I loved that it was about so much more than just dogs.
Incredible course for anyone interested in getting a great start in the world of cognition.
What a wonderful course!  I recommended it to everyone I know - especially those with dogs!
Excellent course ! many things to learn about Dogs, about ourselves and much more! Thanks!
This was a really outstanding course. Can't wait to recommend it to fellow rescue friends!
Loved learning about the history of dog evolution and dog cognition.  Thank you professor!
great course gives really good insight into cognitive thought of canines and other animals
This is a marvelous course. I enjoyed it a lot while learning. Thanks to the instructors.
The course was very dynamic, clear and illustrative. I learned a lot from updated theory.
Assume class! I would recommend this for anyone interested in dogs or animals in general.
Well developed materialClearly stated informationInformative and put forth in a vivid way
The knowledge is well- rounded. It suit for people who are interested in animal science.
This course is great for anyone who loves dogs and wants to understand their dog better.
Definitely helped me understand my dog (and others) in a much more thorough/holistic way
The course is easier to understand and learn than I thought and it was mentioned a lot.
Thanks to Dr Hare, I know have a much better understanding of my best friend and myself
Absolutely amazing course! Everything is explained really well and I loved the content!
A superb synthesis of evolutionary and cognitive theories taught in a friendly manner.
i learned a lot in this course. it was a good course for dog owners and veterinarians.
It gives a scientific vision of dog's intelligence and their relationship with humans.
Very Interesting and a real eye-opener into both dog and human thinking and cognition
I love the new aspects of learning how dogs process things!! An added tool for sure!
As a non-dog owner, this course exposed me to an amazingly different world of dogs.
This is by far the best course out there for animal and specially dog understanding
This course helped me to understand my dog, just taken from a shelter, much better.
very enjoyable, I learned a lot - will continue with the Dognition profile as well!
Right from the start a brilliant course, engaging, intelligent & thought provoking!
the instructor speaks has a great way of speaking and teaching, enjoyed this class
This was so interesting.  I hope to  now maybe understand my dog more cognitively.
it was a great fun to listen to the course and practice the exercises with my dog!
This course was AWESOME!  Really enjoyed the professors lectures, learned so much!
Enjoyed this course very much.  I would love to take another course on this topic.
Really enjoyed.  Dr. Hare provides a lot of information and is very entertaining.
Learning a lot and applying it to my daily work at the Dog hotel.  Very Greatful!
Extremely interesting. I am glad Duke University offers this course via Coursera.
It is an amazing, well-organised and exciting course. Would recommend for anyone!
it increased my knowledge on dog behavior, emotion and cognition, thanks dr Hare
Excellent. The course was not only interesting but also covered my expectations.
Had lots of fun attending this course before I keep a mini schnauzer.  Love it.
Very informational and gave me a new understanding of my furry friend for life.
Fantastic videos and very well laid out course, thoroughly enjoying it so far!
love the class learned a lot of things about my dog I didn't quite know before
I have learnt a lot of new things about dog cognition. Thank you very much!!!
Highly recommended course for anyone who wants to understand dogs in detail.
Loved the course content, and the instructor is a delight to be taught from.
Great class - especially interesting information about evolution. Thank you!
Loved this class. I LOVED that they didnt label the pit bull as aggressive!!
Very informative and nicely presented by Dr. Hare. Glad to join the course.
Absolutely fascinating to learn about dogs and our relationships with them.
great course and Dr. Hare delivers the material with passion and enthusiasm
Dr Hare presented some really great info in an engaging manner. Thank you!
It helped in transforming my perspective towards my own dog. Thank you! :)
This was a very enjoyable and informative course! Definitely recommend it!
Really enjoyed this course. I don't even have a dog! Now I wish I had one.
Wonderful course, learned a lot and have applied my understanding to my do
Thank you very much for this course. I learnt a lot about dogs' behaviour.
Great course, I learned a lot. I enjoyed the lectures and I read the book.
The content is well-structured and nicely delivered. Kudos to Prof. Hare.
Loved it! And learned so much. Expect to hear about some scientific info!
One of the best dog courses I ever taken. Hare is wondrful on explaining.
Really enjoyed this course and learning more about how average dogs learn
Well made course, Hare knows his stuff, interesting if you like dogs ^_^
Very interesting information and studies. I would definitely recommend!
Very interesting. Learned loads of new things, and not just about dogs!
Loved this course. It was fun reading the book and learning about dogs.
This is a very good knowledge to have, for every animal professionals.
It was very entertaining as well as informative, very well constructed
Looking forward to where this takes dog training to a different level.
lots of fun. great info on the evolution of dogs and how dogs learn.
Loved this course. Very interesting and information. I learned a lot!
Thank you very much.  Really interesting, useful and profound course.
Loved it! Super interesting and fun! I feel like I learned so much :)
Very interesting and informative course delivered in an engaging way.
It's a wonderful course. I like how Brian shows videos inside videos.
excellent course material, excellent presentation and very engaging.
I highly recommend for any dog lover! Very insightful and fun course
Anybody who doesn’t know what soap tastes like never washed a dog...
Great course! I've really learned and had fun a lot from this course
Very interesting! Thank you so much going through this amazing topic
An exceptional introduction to understanding our canine counterparts
I loved this course! I learned so much and It's really interesting.
is more than useful...the topics makes you to enjoy all the lessons
Brilliant Course! Gave me a new understanding of my cunning canine!
The course is outstanding to know about dog emotion and cognition.
Super fun AND informative! I highly recommend taking this course.
A very detailed course on understanding Dog Emotion and Cognition
A very comprehensive and effective course about dog intelligence.
Extremely worthwhile course. I learned much and highly recommend.
more in depth than i had thought. Really good interesting course
I loved it!! It gave me lots of tools to understand my own dogs!
I'm thinking about quit from my mechanical engineering major lol
Passionate speaker and truly amazing things to learn about dogs!
Great experience!!!!I studyied and learnt a lot!!!Thanks a lot!
I learnt so much, was great for my study and personal interest!
Love this course, thank you ! A great look as well to fallow on
should have multiple teachersshould show more live dogs/puppies
Absolutely excellent. I enjoyed it so much and learned so much.
Excellent course! Engaging instructor and interesting material.
Great course! I really enjoyed the whole experience:) Thanks!!
Very informative and interesting information on dog cognition.
Very interesting course and I learned a lot! Teacher is great.
Fun course. I really feel like I understand my dog better now.
One of the most interesting online courses I have ever taken.
Well outlined class! Outstanding layout and very informative.
Great course for understanding dogs and other animals better.
Really brilliant and interesting course, so well structured!
i Love this course after this course i am know about Dogs...
Love, love, love this course!  Dr. Hare makes learning easy.
One of the bests courses about  dog cognition I've ever do.
Great course with some unique  insights on dogs! Loved it!
Great course teaching us about animals and human evolution
Loved it and I am recommending it to my dog loving friends
highly interesting and engaging. great learning experience
excellent for both practicians and scientists, I loved it!
Great!!! This change everything we know about behavior!!!
Very informative, great teacher, will recommend to others
Thoroughly enjoyed the lectures. Well written and spoken.
great presentation a must for any one who work with dogs
we need more course with this kind of theme... thank you
Love it! such interesting info and an excited presenter!
very interesting, informative especially for dog lovers.
Funny and Directly involves the audience which is great!
A new and interesting subject to learn, well explained!!
Really informative - Loved it! :) Thank you Dr, Hare!!!
One of the greatest courses I've been in.  Thank you!!!
Fun Course and very interesting!!  Well worth the time.
A great course! Thank you so much for al the knowledge!
Outstanding! Very interesting ad completely beneficial!
Learned a lot about Human evolution too in the process
I enjoyed all that I learned in this course; the insig
Great course, very easy to track, interesting! Thanks!
Very interestimg course! Will be useful for everyone!
Excellent course and Dr. Hare's book is a great read!
Great for all dog lovers, not just dog professionals!
I simply love this course, the material is complete !
Very interesting and informing with a lot of detail.
So good and informative. great pace to keep up with.
Great class and great organization of the material.
Very interesting, informative, and well presented.
Very good course. Help me understand my dog more!!
Great course, interesting and informative. Thanks!
Great course!  Informative and fun too.  Loved it.
Fantastic course! I would highly recommend this !
Very nice, informative course for anyone really.
Loved this course! Very informative and helpful!
Thoroughly enjoyed the course and learned a lot!
an adventure of hidden but interesting knowledge
Fantastic insight into dog behaviour, thank you!
Very interesting, very well organized. Thank you
Very interesting and engaging course! Great job!
this is an amazing course, absolutely loved it.
Great and really informational course! Loved it
excellent course...amazing instructor....thanks
Excellent! Great information and easy to learn
Great. Really complex view at dogs' cognition.
Thank you Dr Hare for the fun learning course.
Very interesting and fun learning experience.
Awesome course, thank You! I did learn a lot!
Amazing course, great contents and lectures.
A lot of update to my understanding of dogs.
Super fun, very interesting and instructive.
Wonderful lecturer and fascinating material.
Very informative class well worth the time.
absolutely fascinating and a good lecturer!
Very interesting and with great information
Very informative and interesting course :-)
Really nice also with overlook in dognition
worth every hour i spent doing this course.
Fascinating, and very well done. Thank you!
amazing, life changing, eye opening course
Very intersting course!i really enjoyed it
Really interesting and easy to understand!
Very interesting and always a great topic
Very interesting presentation. Thank you!
Learned more than I had imagined I would.
love it throughout! wish it lasted longer
Very informative- leaves me wanting more
learning this course is fun and exciting
really well done. quality shines through
Wonderful course: more than I expected.
Great course, I learnt a lot about dogs
Extremely professional and informative.
Awesome and very interesting!!! Thanks!
Many thanks for this delightful course.
Fantastic, really enjoying this course!
Fascinating + well presented material.
Very well done and informative course.
it was really an awesome experience :)
Great course for those of us have dogs
Excellent course. Very well presented.
Good course for any dog lover to take.
I would like to retake in the future!
Super interesting and easy to follow!
Excellent course; thoroughly enjoyed.
Outstanding course, highly valuable.
It was very good learning new things
very educational and easy to follow.
Strong fundamentals  on the subject
Amazing lecture thoroughly enjoyed!
Very informational I liked it 10/10
very informative and well presented
I was interesting and very helpful.
I am enjoying this course.Thank you
Thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
great topics and very informative.
THIS SO HELPFUL AND I LEARNT A LOT
I have learn so much i this course
Please let the certificate be free
Really insightful.  I learnt a lot
Very informative and entertaining.
Really interesting and fast paced
very informative and interesting!
very interesting, good new input!
Great course! super recommended!
Fantastic!  I learned SO MUCH!!!
Very fun and educational course!
I thoroughly enjoyed the course
Thank you this was so much fun.
Very fun and informative class!
Great course - I learned a lot!
A great and informative course!
Very interesting and enjoyable.
I am fascinated with the course
Excellent and based on science.
Great course! Very interesting!
Fascinating course!  Loved it!
This course expanded my mind
Great work from Brian Hare!
NICE BUT ITS LEAGTHY COURSE
Loved the course - Awesome.
excellent and open minding,
great class, easy to follow
Fun and interesting course
This course was fantastic!
Very fun and interesting !
Nice course and well done
very interesting and fun.
good information provided
Really interesting course
Very fun and informative!
very interesting  course
interesting and factual
So many things to learn
course was really rough
Great course! Loved it!
Very Interesting class!
Very clearly and useful
useful and interesting
Loving this course!!!
Fantastic! Thank You!
more than its name.
Thank you Dr. Hare!
Simply brilliant.
It was ammazing!
cute and helpful
Just love It
Interesting.
LOVED IT!!
Loved it!
Just wow!
