Excellent course.  Clear and concise, yet complete, presentation of a most contemporary topic in Law, involving a fast changing market, with varied and innovative interconnected, usually cross-border, ecosystems.This course merits updating after the Covid-19 pandemic, especially regarding algorithm accuracy verification, players still standing, vc/ico historic series and regulatory response to the effects of such a brutal and prolonged series of ongoing global events.
While the course is good and provides a good overview/ fundamentals the courseware is in dire need of an update as it is frozen in early 2018. Many regulatory changes have happened, one even as of today. The course has to be archived, updated and thereafter re-opened for enrolments.
I expected a much more different way of teaching via using technology, but I did not find what I expected.  One of the gains from this course for me is learning how complicated banking and fintech industry. The instructor is very good I think.
Great information, good method of combining all information together, but sometimes not very interesting presentation to follow up, may be because of the nature of the information, but suggest next time to have multiple speakers.
Really enjoyed the course. It's a good starter course into understanding the regulatory and compliance needs that usually go unnoticed by most people in the Fintech sector.
Very interesting and useful course.  It would be perfect if some ideas were also provided on international regulatory developments.
Great course, It'll take more than one view of the lecture to assimilate, you need to watch over and over. So much information.
Great, but could include information from several countries, concentrated in us only, but great job
It, s lot of benifical for me... It also helpful my company project on fintech in finance modeling
Not as in-depth as I would have liked, but still provides a great introduction to the subject.
should contain more information about international advancements in fintech.
content is outdated, however it gives a good foundation to the industry.
Biggest weakness is lack of updates in the past two years.
The course could have provided more reading materials
it cover mostly the U.S, not they global business
A few typos in the presentations and exams.
Understand more Fintech Law and Policy
Good information.  Thank You
It might be too confusing
Impressive! Manage to completed in 3 days, committed and dedicated studying in Fintech.If I can, why shouldn't you?p.s: The final exam was quite tough! Get prepare students with your notes!
Course offers a top-level look into FinTech, and it is a fairly new course, which is a VERY big plus. Although the video lectures can be a bit dry and require a bit of note taking given the amount and detail covered, the course does what it intends to do. It would be nice if the questions were harder, and actually made you think to ensure you understood the topics taught. Also, it would be helpful for future course students if an additional week was added (Week #6) for international FinTech trends, including optional reading material, that don't discuss law and policy, especially given that FinTech is used quite a lot in other countries.
This is an excellent course on RegTech, and Lee Reiners does a good job in explaining it.  It covered the regulation issues with FinTech in the US and how state and federal agencies are trying to keep up with how fast the FinTech companies are creating new areas of business. It helps to have a basic understanding of what FinTech, Blockchain and crypto currencies are before taking the course. I wish the course lasted longer or had a part II, and could be updated at periodically.
This course was highly informative, exploring real world examples and current events to help the course content resonate with the student.  As a well tenured professional in the field of FinTech. I was pleased with the valuable information that I learned and the way it was presented. The instructor does an excellent job relating the themes presented here in great details and helping to bring them you an every day format that makes it very consumable and elearning friendly!
Really outstanding course! Coming from a background in blockchain/cryptocurrency and not one of traditional finance, this course really helped tie together a lot of the concepts I have been wanting to learn but could not find a trustworthy repository of information. This course was extremely helpful and by far the most challenging (even with my background in blockchain) that I have taken on Coursera thus far. Really great work!
For a novice inexperienced in the field of Fintech, I was pleased with the way the course was delivered as well as the resources and quizz questions.They really helped me to understand what Fintech is and doing the quizz questions made me grasp all the concepts in a more concise manner.I enjoyed this course and recommend it to anyone who wished to understand what Fintech is.Anjali ( Pupil Barrister-Mauritius)
This course comprises of key components of emerging industry "FinTech" in a depth manner and the related regulations and challenges in a critical manner.Professor is good at presentation with suitable real time cases to substantiate the topic of discussion.Now, i gained an enormous knowledge around this new topic and able to debate.  Looking forward to hear more courses from Duke.
Loved it. You don't often think you'll come away from a MOOC feeling smarter/more informed, but there were at least two chapters that changed my perspective, opinion and practices in FinTech. In addition to being a better professional, I have a couple brand new FinTech accounts to show for my experience! Thanks Duke, Lei Reiners and Coursera... I'll be back for more.
The course does a nice job of providing a high-level overview of the different products and services offered in the FinTech space, the relevant regulatory considerations, and the various risks present in the space.  I enjoyed it and would recommend for others looking to gain an understanding of FinTech products, services, risks, and regulatory considerations.
very well put together and Interesting course. Presented excellently with challenging questions at the end of each section. I feel it would great if the course was updated ( and when stated laws/regulations have changed a time stamp is presented). This would ensure the users/Students are aware of that specific legislation have changed.
Great course!  The lectures were very understandable and thorough.  I would, however, suggest something akin to a "Basics of Finance" at the beginning that covers basic transactions (e.g., securities, commodities) and the financial advising pieces.  I think this would help bring the lecture to the next level.
This course is highly recommended and good refresher for the laws and regulations (such as NY's Bitcoin License) that governs FinTech, Blockchain and Cryptocurrencies. Also, good discussions on regulators (FinCEN, OCC, SEC, FINRA, CFTC, IRS) stand on FinTech, Blockchain, ICO and Cryptocurrencies.
Really well written and provided a great overview/scope on FinTech Law and Policy. I do wish that it covered a little more ground on International Laws, but understandably, this is geared towards US FinTech Law and Policy. Great starter and review course on FinTech Law and Policy.
Excellent course for those who want to learn about all things fintech and policy! Lee Reiners tactfully explains even the most technical of details in a way that is easy to follow for someone with little to no knowledge of the subject! Definitely recommend taking this course.
Comprehensive coverage of various fin-tech products and the legal aspects of the same. Although, mostly focused towards US regulations, the course touches upon the broad spectrum within the geography. Would recommend it for any one wanting to work in Fin-tech space.
The Course teaches the regulations surrounding FinTech in a simple, yet a critical manner. It lays down the relation and difference between Fintech and traditional methods in a simplistic format which makes it easy to compare them both. Highly recommended!
The course is informative and quite easy to follow. I recommend taking it. However, I feel that may need needs some updates. Some words in the subtitles don't reflect what the speaker says presenting a different, misleading context.
Excellent course that gives you a broad look at the laws and policies about fintech. The course gives the opportunity to explore more about this new world, either for general culture or with a view to participating in it.
Very good introductory course. The final exam is a bit demanding but is really useful to digest all the information provided by the course. Overall, the course gives a great overview over the current US FinTech ecosystem.
Excellent course offering a complete introduction on all the main regulatory issues of FinTech market. Lee Reiners provides a clear and concise explanation on all the topics covered by the course. Definitely recommended.
An excellent course - covers a wide range of US financial markets, ICOs, mobile payments, the regulatory oversight from US perspective. A recommended course if you want to learn about fintech & the US laws governing it.
A well-structured course for beginners and advance users alike. Some principals can be applied to a global context. This is well delivered and interesting to learn. Highly recommend for anyone venturing into FIntech.
Excellent speaker. Description of complex issued by used of easlily understandable language (from the viepoint of non-native English speaker). Up-to-date information on recent developments in FinTech sector.
I highly recommend this course especially if your are  currently working in the financial services industry.  I am always eager to learn and this course taught me many new topics that i was unaware of.
Duke University put a great spin to this course by having graphics and relevant information next to the professor while giving the lecture. I am a visual learner and this method was great!!
Great course. The best summary for anyone who doesn’t come from the Financial world to get up to speed of what is the reality of the law and policy relate to US financial institutions.
Great insight and perfect curriculum to understand Fintech Law and Policy. Special thanks to Mr. Lee Reiners for making such complex subject easier to understand.
Very good board informative course that provides a good high-level understanding of the FinTech domain. Content look couple of years old, but still relevant.
This course is highly informative, my expectations were surpassed. I intend to develop upon the materials taught, and adapt same into the Nigerian system.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and felt that it was beneficial for someone like myself who is a law graduate and planning to specialize in FinTech Law.
I really enjoyed this course.  By nature I enjoy looking at how things work and what laws they are "governed by" so this course was right up my alley.
I thought the course was excellent, I had a little difficulty with the language due to more technical issues, but nothing that hindered my learning.
Very good course on Fintech Law and Policy. Great for people interested in this subject and are keen on developing an understanding from basics.
Despite the complexity surrounding FinTech, the instructor brilliantly manages to make it all simple and clear. I highly recommend this course.
Excellent course with a very interesting and complete view on the regulation surrounding Fintech / banking industry. I strongly recommend it !
The course was very informative. The slideshows presented graphs, charts, and definitions, which made the course's information understandable.
Amazing, very well explained course that gives you basic but precise informations about the FinTech world in the United States. Recommended!
This is a good course to understand the regulatory environment in the US surrounding fintech, the lacunae and the challenges in regulations.
A grealty overview into Fintech Law that gives the student a tremendous landscape on the main Fintech institutions. Highly recommended.
Clearly explained concepts with ample examples of real life cases, makes it easy to understand and to connect ideas and information.
The folks at Duke go way above and beyond in terms of the depth and breadth of information.  Lee does a fantastic job presenting.
It's a very complete view of the FinTech environment. The prof makes a great summary of all the ideas, which is very difficult.
Excellent course, learned a lot that I needed to for the nature of my current role as a product manager for Digital Payments.
Lee Reiners has the ability to teach a very complex subject in very easy examples and concepts. Thank you! Excellent course!
Course was amazing. As for someone who is not aware with business law system, the course and instructor provide easy insight
Great course to get you acquainted with the world of FinTech. Hats off to Mr. Lee Reiners for his work on this course.
Excellent Overview for a complex topic!   The material should be updated to reflect the current situation however.
This course is very insightful on matters involving the regulation of FinTech in different jurisdictions.
Thank you. It is a great course, precisely explained and accentuates both the law and financial aspects.
Excellent, Needs to include global laws and regulations will take the course to further levels up
professional detailed and very useful in understanding present state of US financial markets 2018
Excellent overview of the FinTech industry with up-to-date information and relevant market data.
It is quite intense and complex. Truth to tell, it is demanding on the participant. m
Great course really took me to a deeper level of understanding regulations in Fintech
Awesome Introduction to American Fintech and Regulations Driving their Innovations
Concise, clear and very useful course for everyone who whats to understand FinTech
Very informative, gives very good overview of the FinTech landscape in the US.
Excellent course. Hopefully the updated version is right around the corner...!
Brilliantly designed. Very informative. Thank you to Mr. Lee Reiners for this.
A lot of useful information in the course. Above expectation. Well done!
Easy to follow. Test were hard so you should follow the lessons well.
Outstanding lecturer and well presented course. Practical.
Excellent course, it's concise and really helpful! :)
Excellent course that was engaging from start to end!
Excellent course, well-presented and up-to-date!
Very clear explanation and fair assessments
Very informative and interactive course.
very interesting! Thank you very much
very compact and very well explained.
Great instructor, easy to follow.
Great instructor. Easy to follow.
Good learning experience.
Good depth and breadth!
Truly excellent
