Very hard to follow. Needs to clarify more on it's work.
It is so hard to learn from a professor who can't get through 2 
sentences without stumbling over her thoughts, mumbling, trailing off 
and not finishing her sentence, etc. Perhaps if she spent less time 
pretending to be John Madden with her little board, she could focus on 
being an effective orator. Perhaps the second professor would have been better, but after 2 hours of listening to Dr. Jakoi, I now have to contact Coursera to see if I can get a refund or switch courses.
I want to unenroll
I was told to come to this site to cancel my enrollment in the coursera course "Introductory Human Physiology".  As usual, the directions I received were inaccurate.  I must cancel because the course as presented is too far above my academic preparation in math and chemistry.  This is NOT an introductory course.  It is as challenging as the Vander text which I purchased to assist me.  I also purchased the supposed $5 notes for the course and printed them out.  Fooled again.  They bear no resemblance to the course materials.  By the way, I received a scholarship for the Certificate in this course based upon my performance in my two previous courses at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and the University of Michigan.  I appreciate your consideration but the course advertising does not fit its content.  Suzanne Masson
The primary reason for enrolling in the course was to enhance my knowledge base of human physiology. Although it has been many decades since I've taken anatomy and physiology as well as pathophysiology, I have taught it twice at the secondary level.  Upon reviewing the description of the course, it indicated that it was introductory, but knowledge of biology/science would be helpful, I thought it might be a great refresher course.  I beg to differ! This course WAS NOT introductory.  Let me give you the positives first: pdf's and readings were extremely helpful.  The negatives, the instructors were not impressive. One instructor talked absolutely too fast and much too often wouldn't complete the sentences OR she would repeat words or phrases that didn't make sense. I found it difficult to grasp the lecture when this instructor couldn't get through a sentence without stumbling over her thoughts, mumbling, trailing off and not finishing her sentence, etc. More often than not, the information provided in the lecture was inconsistent with the notes/pdf's. One other thing, she constantly smacked her mouth which was nerve-wrecking!  During the lectures, she would write on the powerpoints, which was either sloppy or not legible. After the fifth week, I honestly wanted to withdraw from the course, but decided to finish it out solely because it was half way completed and the time that had already been invested.  Many viewers gave the course 5 stars, I could not.  Although I completed the course with a 93.4% grade, the level of information was extensive, to some degree over the top.  The course needs to be restructured so that it stays within the context of an introductory course.  In my opinion, this course is more suitable for a first-second year medical student.  BTW, this is the sixth course that I have completed through Coursera, including a specialization.  Good luck!
I find it challenging, and the instructor is quite poor in delivering message
A lot of WHAT, but very little WHY. Instead of going from the whole to the detail, the minutia of selective parts are laid out. Old-school schooling, not conducive for understanding principles. Not recommended.
Just finished the first half of the week 1, I will update as I progress.
This course seems to require a high level of foundation knowledge that I don't have. I had to leave the course before completion because of that. In fact, most of the videos were too complex to understand without prior knowledge on the matter and the deadlines are quite tight to have time to research all the topics.I believe the course content is quite interesting; but too complicated. I would appreciate less text and abstract drawings on the slide, maybe an intro with images (maybe 3D) of the human body to give a little bit of background on what's going to be discussed in the class...
Very informative - but I don't like the dry delivery style.
I don't speak for everyone, but this course was relatively difficult for an introductory course. It required an adequate amount of base/foundation on the subject in order for one to understand what the lesson is talking about.
The content is quite clear the course is going good so far ; however, i recommend the lecturer be more lively to help other be more interested in the course
Decomposing the course into shorter videos would make it better.
Learnt a lot of stuff on how things happen inside all of us.Struggled in few sections, as i have not been in tough with physiology ...Feel program could be much more valuable by using 1) 3D videos to support the lecture2) more examples of the application of the concepts in real life3) increase the extent of interdisciplinary elements (Sports, medical, day in the life...)4) Videos of Experts to share their findings/research
Good content, interesting course.Knowledgeable teachers, but the presentation was average. Mimi in particular speaks and writes to0 fast. This results in lots of tongue tripping and writing that does not correspond with what is said (thyronine vs thryonine; tropic vs trophic; etc) It is confusing and distracting. Nonetheless, I learned a lot. Thanks
I watch the videos after work when I get home and Jennifer Carbrey puts me to sleep.  The presentation is such that it is very difficult to stay focused.
Very much a straight lecture course of rather difficult material.
The course should give more details.
There's a lot of material and it's hard to grasp it all. Hopefully that will improve as the course continues.
The course seems to require a high level of foundation knowledge that I don't necessarily have
I am off on medical leave from work with a concussion. I can barely read at this time.
This course is really a eye opener to medicine. It also makes learning fun.
It's really informative and helpful.I will definitely recommend it.
A Good Course. Many ideas require prior knowledge.
i teally like to learn about himan psychology
Thanks coursera for this course
Very very interesting but also very challenging. I would not say this is a beginner's physiology course. Very much worth doing if you are interested in the medical field of some sort.
A detailed course on Human Physiology with advanced level of Questions. The lack of interactive slides and the lengthy course can be a bit boring at times but try to complete the course for gaining knowledge. A mandatory course for students in the field of biology.
I took the course just out of curiosity, my field is software development. For me it was a very interesting course from system design point of view. It gives a lot of food to the brain and a wide range of analogies and patterns. Also I find it useful to know in more details how my body works, it raises awareness and makes me think that I need to care about my body more. It was also quite surprising for me that every new system was described with its own graphical notation, I find it difficult to adjust every time. Some moments were not clear, so I used google quite a lot. Some part remained unclear. E.g. when we look at cellular chemical exchange sometime it looks like that certain molecules are being accumulated by the cell, but there is no output shown for it. Overall I enjoyed the course and happy that I managed to finish it (it was the longest one for me on coursera). Thank you!
The structure is a bit confusing, and the review is not quite as intensive as I would like.Otherwise, it's awesome. The videos are good, the instructors speak at speeds just right, most of the slides are sparsely worded and well illustrated, the concepts are explained in depth... Awesome is the word.
Nice videos, well explained. The powerpoints are extremely useful and clear. However sometimes there is  a confusion between what is said in the videos and in the lecture notes and the quiz questions. It may just be me however. Apart from that last thing, the rest is all good!
This is good course. It might say "Introductory" in the title, but don't be fooled, this is a thorough and pretty tough course !
Quizzes do not always function correctly, but the content is great.
Overall the course was very helpful and I was able to understand it without prior knowledge (except for my high school biology class). All the case studies examples often helped to understand the problem further and I appreciated all of the graphic content that was crucial for imagining the ways the systems work. I finally understood some of those things, that are just sort of "known" as for example why contraceptives might be bad for women, or how could drinking too much water actually kill someone. I was a little bit disappointed with all the gramatical mistakes in presentations and many mistakes in english subtitles that were provided (in names of organ parts/hormones etc.) ow switching the names of certain hormones/parts in spoken language, which often made it harder to understand or connect something. Furthermore some of the quiz/test questions were more like "just guess it" or up to the student to research the problem further, which is fine but it kinda disrupts the quizzing process.Many thanks to both great teachers that have put this course together, it's definitely worth enrolling in!
Some lessons might be a bit confusing sometimes. I feel that some parts may not be very well-organised, especially the expression can be a little convoluted/wordy so I find it hard to grasp the crux of the sentences or what the lecturers were trying to explain sometimes. If possible, it would be even better for some parts of the lessons to be more succinct. Anyhow, I think the lecturers have done a good enough job which I truly appreciate.However, I gained a lot of knowledge from the lecturers most of the time. As compared to learning alone from the textbook, it makes the chapters more interesting when learning from someone. Also, it is very helpful to be able to refer to the questions that other students have asked in the discussion forum, both the lecturers are vey responsive and helpful in clarifying the doubts.
Video sessions could be truncated a little. Respiratory system would be an ideal example in this regard. Use of models and charts to reduce theory material on slide and could convey ideas much faster. Attempt to include latest updated knowledge comes with the slight disadvantage  of extra long video sessions, moderate to difficult question sets, which I feel should be simplified a little for non medical students to attempt the same. Organs functions could include virtual reality videos for clarity and future technological advances in this field
Very comprehensive course. However, I found one professor to teach above the level of an introductory course. This is kind of a misnomer.  To me, this course was not introductory. It was very difficult. Although, it would be good for someone that is taking the MCAT's. My points are: Very comprehensive, quite a lot of information (if you don't have chemistry and microbiology backgrounds it is easy to get lost), quite difficult tests and quizzes, rewarding if you can finish it.
Very well put together, i started with no prior knowledge so it was pretty hard, but everything gets explained and what i really like is every week builds on explained things from the previous weeks. Especially in the end it was extremely difficult for me because everything i didn't fully grasp came back again to bite me. But as long as you keep rewatching things until you understand it its doable. Again very well put together course, thanks a lot.
All the content provided is very good and the tests are of a good level too. Was just sad that the course on GI system didn't say a word about the extra organ represented by our microbiome, that nothing was said about the immune system, hematopoiesis, developmental physiology and genetics, the detailed functions of the liver (nothing on the prduction of urea and the detox mechanisms), and some behavioral aspects could be interesting.
This course was very well organized, instructors were both great as far as knowledge and presentation. I was able to follow through the chapters without any problem or errors. Very satisfied with this online presentation. I only believe that the material was a lot and very condensed for an introductory course. Overall the course very helpful for me, my goal was to learn material improving my biofeedback practice.Thank you
It was really in depth and the instructors really knew how to explain it. I would only ask for better diagrams and slides because it would be nice to see more authentic photos of the parts of the body they are talking about and designed slides that more accurately represent the part of the body they are talking about to create greater connection with the subject. Overall, I love their teaching! Great Course! Thank you!!
A lot of ground is covered in this course, and includes what feels like a lot of biochemistry. Having studied physiology as part of sports science and cardiac rehab, I found this helped in some areas. The depth that it goes into seems to be more than at an introductory, but it was interesting, challenging and I appreciated the efforts of the lecturers.
Some of the final exams included information that was not in the lectures, so there were a few times I felt the need to refer to outside sources just to pass a lecture. I have no previous medical knowledge or training, so this course may be better suited for someone who is a pre-med student and at least understands some of wha
Well, I enjoyed this course. Being a science student, I already have some basic knowledge about this and I think for doing this course we all should have some knowledge because this course is very challenging. Yeah! Quite complicated videos and quizzes as well. But overall I I get some information that will help me
This is a challenging course that provided a lot of helpful information about how the body systems work. The course is really geared toward people who have a basic understanding of college level Biology. I would have liked to see/hear more questions/lecture about how the systems work together.
the course is very useful for the medical freshers but i felt it could have been a bit intense or else everything in the course were fantastic i would recommend it to all the students who would like to know something extra out of this course
I think it's a very good course, but there are parts that can be improved and some that should be addressed in more leisurely fashion, this is the case of the nervous system and the endocrine system. Thank you very much for your effort.
This course was very detailed and well-designed. Yet, the level of detail is sometimes frustrating. I recommend the course only if you are seriously interested in human physiology or systems; otherwise, it is too much work.
Thanks again.  Great Job. Your class provides good general knowledge, to benefit many students. The Lessons will help many students, to make Better Choices in their HEALTH future.   Best; "the" DONALD from PENNSYLVANIA !
Prof. Jakoi and Prof. Carbrey are able to stimulate the curiosity about every apparatus of human body. This course is an essential step to introduce the further subjects of Medicine. Congratulations to the organizers.
I have learnt in more detail how medications work in the body which will help me in my job as a near patient Pharmacy Technician. I would like to of had some more real life examples to aid what is going on in body.
To do well in this course you definitely need a background in biology and anatomy.  This course is fast paced and you might want to use the whole week to review the videos in order to do the best on the quizzes.
Good material with a very generalized but advanced overview of concepts.Some fatigue and lack of confidence was noted in the lecturers.  More confidence with assured speaking will elevate the review stars.
A very nice experience! Good to review the majority of the lessons that I've learned a few years a go.Some (minor)  issues with the quality of the videos but the overall rate of the course is very good!
A comprehensive course for anyone wishing to brush up on their knowledge of physiology and to get a better grasp on the concepts of physiological processes . Specially recommend it to medical students.
amazing presentation and very simple to deliver the informationthe tests were perfect to digest the basic notes but if only the model answers were shown with the grades it would be so much better :)
Fascinating course, allows to understand the body as a system. Being alive is so complicated, there are so many things that can go wrong. I think this course is really a must.
Overall a good course. The information was great. The quizzes were challenging in a good way, forcing retention. The mini quizzes after each video lesson was great as well.
Excellent rigor and lectures; the textbook and/or notes could lay out the key topics in a more bare-bones manner in order to help those struggling with the material.
Very good basics. One star dropped for being a little too theoretical. Sometimes would have been nice to know more why some things are the way they are in the body.
The suggested weekly times were a lot shorter than the actual study time it took for me to finish each week's work. But I definitely learned a lot in this course!
Very interesting, although sometimes there is so much information that it prevents you from applying the acquired knowledged into practical day-to-day situations
It was engaging and fun. However, I wouldn't say it was an introduction. It used advanced and complicated words I needed to google to understand the material.
It keeps high standard online classes. Questions also keeps great standard. I wanted to have the course completion certificate. What shall I do for it?
I have gained a lot of basics on physiology. It is a great help to understand the concepts in physiology and to apply it on practically. Thanks a lot.
Good course. Lectures are clear, notes and extra material is helpful too. Good content for a refresh or to learn a good bit about human physiology.
Very chalenging course, I really loved it. Its ver well explained and you can understand the baics of the body functions. Thank you very much
Excellent overview of the topic and a good launching point for further studies. Requires some basic chemistry but otherwise easy to get into.
loved the lecture notes and the information provided!! very helpful!! got stumped on a few of the quizzes but eventually got the hang of it.
Good instructional media, great resources. It's my second time going through a learning process in Coursera and I'm not disappointed
The course is very detailed and I like the way the instructors explain the material in an in depth way.  I am learning a lot.
it really benefit me in my medical study but really you need to use more photo and educational method to clarify the subject
Very interesting and challenging course although too much info and details at some point, all in all great experience!
Great course which really helped me to understand my body more fully. Thank you, Coursera, for this helpful course.
I liked physiology for the first time in forever because of this course. Thanks I really appreciate it.
good course just to advanced for my current schedule. I will return to tackle this course though.
As a beginner, this course is really challenging but I could be able to learn a lot . Thank you.
A stretching course that builds upon previous knowledge of the workings of the body systems.
Really in-depth course with very well done lectures and quizzes that test the material well!
Excellent course to follow If you are planning to pursue a career in the medicine field.
Interesting and informative - thank you to the lecturers for covering so much detail.
Very satisfied with this course and the ( up to date ) informations delivered
Well taught. Very detailed course, covers basic concepts. Good experience
Thanks for the teaching~ Special thanks to Professor Emma and Jennifer
Its really good and too much informatory course. I enjoyed this course
I would obviously suggest people about this course this is very useful
I have so many things which is useful for my upcoming life and works.
in this course programme ,concepts have been explained very well
generally very good, some explanations could be more clear
Interesting course, but a bit too easy even for beginners.
Great layout and helpful videos. Overall, an 8/10.
Week 5 is the most interesting!! :))
It's really a worthwhile course.
Very informative and concise.
This is a wonderful class.
really i like the course
Concise but informative
Course is outstanding.
so practical course!
Very Good Course..!
very great course
Is a great course
Fantastic journey
I am an incoming medical student here in the Philippines and this course has provided me with enough background about the human body and the underlying machinery of every system associated with it.
I'm a high school student interested in human physiology. This course is AMAZING! Though sometimes I felt overwhelmed and couldn't remember everything, I think it was worth every effort and energy.
I gained a deeper understanding and greater appreciation for how my body works.  Thank you to the Teams at Duke and Coursera for making such a wide body of information available to the motivated.
Great class - very dense, like drinking from a fire hose, but wow I learned a lot! I took this just because I wanted to learn more about how the body magically does what it does, every day, without me thinking about it. I had no prior experience in physiology or anatomy, so this required me to do a LOT of note-taking and a little bit of Googling on the side for further understanding. If a week's videos totaled 2 hours, I spent about 4-5 getting through them and taking notes. I should add that I did not use the forums regularly, but I saw that many students had, and that their questions were answered fairly promptly, often by Emma Jakoi herself. The end-of-unit quizzes always included questions which forced you to apply your new learning to cases, and these could be challenging! Thanks to Duke for making this great class available online for free.
The effect of this course in understanding the body physiology and understanding the terminology of other courses can be compared to learning to read. Now I can take other, more specialized courses without having to Google every other word and actually understand the processes they're talking about instead of simply memorizing them. Especially, now that I am taking several other courses, I have the opportunity to appreciate the depth clever systematic approach to explain such complex processes of our body. Sometimes I got the feeling that I lack some background as many terms used to explain processes were not explained. But that was greatly compensated by teachers' and mentors' participation in the forum and answering questions on every subject. I was amazed that such free course offers the luxury of teachers replying to your questions, and this actually motivated me to study even more diligently. And yes, come up with new questions :) By the end of the course not all my questions were answered, but on the other side, without this course I never would even think of asking those questions about work of human body! Such great interest and inquiry have you wakened in me, thank you very much!I would like to note that the course used a wonderful array of tools to create understanding of the subject. One of the best was storytelling by Dr. Jakoi. Stories in the best way to learn as theoretical information is related to real-life situations, and in fact, I remembered all stories that she told, like stories about her son who had high parasympathetic tone, about guy who drank too much water to remove kidney stone, etc. Along with remembering the stories, I remembered the information it was about. One more thing I would like to note is that I liked your tests and practice quizzes. Not all courses have practice questions after the lessons and it’s excellent way to memorize info. Also, quizzes include tasks of application of knowledge in some practical situations - makes you think and analyze the info to explain real-life phenomena. It’s difficult to correctly reply to such questions only relying on information: you need understanding of the process. In this way, these are excellent quizzes. So thank you very much for such high quality educative course, it helped me a lot!
Definitely,
this is not an introductory course. Actually, you need some prior background in
physiology, biology, chemistry, anatomy before taking it. It is also
very challenging!  In some
lecturers, I found the sequence and explanations were a little bit confusing, not very clear. Maybe because
teachers used diagrams to represent anatomy and functions that were hard to
understand and visualize. It required me a lot of search and note-taking to really get into
it. Regardless,
it was a great opportunity to explore physiological topics
of interest in greater depth. Thank you Emma
Jackoi and Jennifer Carbrey and all support staff and Course Community for
making this great class available online.
this course is so reasonable in price and with good assignments! At first, im annoyed if i got only 70 or below, ii will need to redo. but it does help me to consolidate my knowledge. so thank you!!
I'm a college freshman (majoring in nursing) and I took this course due to the pandemic. I found this course challenging since it focuses more on the physiology of the human body in more detail than a regular my anatomy and physiology class back in high school. This course isn't really an "introductory" course, you may need some background on science courses like chemistry, biology, anatomy, and physiology (So keep that in mind if you want to enroll). I have a limited background in science these courses (Biology, chemistry, etc) and finished this course, and yes it is possible to finish this course without knowing all about science stuff, it just took a little more effort to quickly learn science terms and stuff. With all of that, the course was great and for a nursing major like me really helped me developed surface-level knowledge about the function of the human body. Lectures are good, a little fast for me but they provide great PDF that I can refer to. Practice quizzes did help me a lot, but I hope that they provide feedback or explanation on why I got it wrong instead of just showing "correct" or "incorrect". It's worth my time learning physiology and I highly recommend it! Big thanks to the instructors and staff, especially Coursera for making this course free to the public!
An extremely wonderful course to a non-medical but with only high school biology background person like me.  It helps me to gain better knowledge and information to what happens to our body in response to all those external influences of stress, intake of food and liquid.  All the lectures are very professionally conducted with clear notes in the resources.  Many times, video lectures provided very good external cases beyond the texts.  I must also respect that both of you continue with the lectures despite hearing coughing many times throughout.  Great professionalism demonstrated, even in such coursera.co course.
This course is excellent, if physiology is something you need for your career/personal interest. Mimi Jakoi and  Jennifer Carbrey are magnificent in their field, and they both provide their tremendous insight to a high-functioning foundation level for the subject. However, if you are someone like me, a middle school science teacher who was only looking to find a novice level of physiology, you are going to get above and beyond what you imagined. I would definitely recommend this course to those who are highly invested in the subject, as it provides a great breadth of detail to 10 human systems.
Great course, good as a supplementary to taking the university course.Videos are of a good length, but could use a bit more depth into the intra-cell pathways.I personally would prefer the course being longer and having more focus on the details e.g. important enzymes.The sound in the videos are loud and clear, which makes it much easier to listen to (even to non-native english speakers like myself).10 out of 10 would take the course again.
I am about to start a degree in nursing and this was an excellent introduction.  The pace was quite fast and the content is quite technical but through rereading the materials and watching some supplementary explanations (such as Khan academy) it all made sense. Thank you for all for all of the hard work required to create such a comprehensive course
Very informative, straight forward, and was practically free too! The teachers were very easy to understand, had a real passion for their subject, and I really learned a lot. Would totally recommend!
Wow, this is the most intense MOOC I have taken so far, and that is a good thing: in-depth, clear, well-explained and challenging at times. I would recommend this to everyone who is interested in learning how their body works.
The course is excellent! Content and exams are very challenging, I personally had difficulties to complete them from the first try. It's worth repeating the material, further reading is also advisable.
Lectures are very concise. This course can help you grasp the most important core concepts and key woking mechanisms of human physiology. But I don't know why it do not have the immune system.
I would not have passed my nursing class I had not found this course! It help to breakdown the overarching thought behind each system. I cant thank the professors and Coursera enough!
Great course with great teachers
I want to express my gratitude to professors Emma Jakoi and Jennifer Carbey!And I highly recommend this course!This is an amazing experience! You will open a new world full of modern knowledge and approaches to learning! The material of these course is adapted and easy to understand but also very professional and actual both students and people who have never learned physiology yet. Process of learning is really enjoyed and exciting!Thanks to this course I'm as student biologist not afraid of subject of physiology that will wait me in next year! Also I found this a lot of very useful and illustrative information from the biochemistry, cytlogy abd histology.This is an unforgettable and unique experience for everyone who wants to become a professional in sphere of physiology as well as biology and medicine
My name is Muhammad Amir Mustufa (Pakistan). I
got a valuable Certificate on completion of the course.  I would like to say that this course increased
and enhanced my knowledge, I feel that my understanding, concept, mechanism
of Human body systems improved.I am very thankful to My very humble, loyal, committed, outstanding
instructors Professor Dr. Emma Jakoi & Jennifer Carbrey, who explained
the Physiological concept in a very precise, understanding manner. I would like
to say that they are faithful, the real strength of the Duke education system. I also would like to give thanks
to the whole Coursera team, who developed this very
interesting course in a very organized mannerThanks
A wonderful course which enabled me to learn a lot about the human physiology.   The professors have put in a lot of effort to squeeze in a complex subject into this course.   To take this course a basic background in Cell Biology would be helpful.  i did not have this, so I had to put in extra effort to understand. Moreover, the chemistry I had learned was several decades ago, so I had forgotten the basics.  But still, I enjoyed the course tremendously.  The mentors were of great help on the discussion forum.   Thank you very much Dr Jakoi and Dr Carbrey for making this course available.  I look forward to taking more courses taught by you in future.
It was very interesting und full of information course. I could learn more about human body, about physiology. I could better understand which kind of systems work in our body, which pathology could be. The most excelent point which I discover for me in this course, it is how amazing is our body. Thank you very much for this course. It was great experience! I would advice to do this course for those people who are interested in understanding how our body works. There are a lot of information about Biochemistry too. So if you are interested in understanding of full processes in human body, so the course is totally great for that.
Very useful course!  I have a limited science background, with no post-secondary science education.  It was much more in-depth and detailed than I had expected.  The material was very challenging, but the teacher's explanations were clear and the graphics in the power-point slides helped me to understand concepts more clearly.  The notes were also very useful.  One drawback is that the presentation can be somewhat dry at times. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in gaining a fairly in-depth understanding of major systems of the body, all within an introductory course.
I have already completed 3 modules, and I just love this course. The program, the videos and the quizes are all very well designed, the exam questions although a bit of higher level compared to the theory exposed, makes you think in real physiology and that's really great. You can see that this course is planned and designed with the real objective of teaching you physiology, and you can see the effort that's been placed here by both teachers in order to make this happen. So congratulations to both of you and to the University of Duke. Great job in general terms.
The amount of information given in this course was excellent, as well as the general organization, though one or two videos were out of order here. Jakoi is obviously very knowledgeable, but what's more impressive is how clearly she conveys her knowledge. She didn't keep things simple either though, as some teachers slow down the presentation of material for students, the lessons continued to push me to work harder at understanding in-depth material at nearly a professional level. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and learned a lot.
This was an extremely difficult course for me that required repeatedly reading the course material and utilizing Wikipedia to access a deeper understanding of the many organ and cell functions. The course was very thorough and well structured. I found that as I advanced in the course I was able to find answers and explanations for anything that was initially unclear to me.  Had it not been for the collaboration of Coursera, Duke University, and the Course Instructors, I would not have been able to access a course of this quality.
A comprehensive introduction to Human Physiology. My background in physiology had been rather poor (should have paid more attention in Biology lessons:) but I understood this course well. It is well structured and explained at a quite basic level. If you do not mind stopping the lessons now and then to check out some terminology, I believe this course is just perfect. It has also been quite fun, too. I would appreciate more "real" pictures included in addition to the diagrams. Good luck with the course and thank you!
Intensely informative and I emphasize intense.  Very detailed information.  Take the time to understand what they are teaching you.  Use the slides provided for your notes.  The instructors answer your questions quickly and in easy to understand detail.  If you have any interest in pursuing work in conventional, natural, or alternative medicine, you must take this course.  Learning how the body maintains itself from the cell to the system is a solid foundation to build on.  Thank you for providing this course!
I should have started with the course Learning How to Learn first before I even started with this Introductory Human Physiology course because It would have better prepared me to understand the course better and be able to finish the course on time.  It looks like I will need to  really study this course slowly at my own phase by not being concerned and bothered by any deadline.  Thanks and congratulation to the Professors responsible for putting up together  complex course on line and FREE at that.
Great course. Very informative and useful to prepare for medical school. The lecturers are both great and clear. The only small issue for me, personally, is that some lecture segments maybe a bit long (more than 30 mins). I would suggest making the segments shorter for better concentration and reflection. (Again, that's just my personal preference.) Overall, I would recommend the course to everyone. Thanks so much for the efforts from the lecturers.
Simple and comprehensive, yet sound and on point presentation of the basics of the vast field of Physiology. This course helps a lot on focusing on the important terms and conditions and in organizing everything in one's mind. Particularly helpful for undergraduates on the health sciences' field, who can be overwhelmed when in first contact with this subject. I would strongly recommend and encourage everybody interested to enroll.
EXCELLENT course, I love it! the material is very complete and covers everything basic and essential about physiology at an adequate level, the exams I liked because they are a bit difficult but they make you study and review the lessons. Of the courses that have taught me the most and I learned a lot. The instructors are great, it is seen that they totally dominate the topics and teach in a very didactic and concise way.
I absolutely loved this course. I had heard of Coursera and had a preliminary interest in biology, especially with physiology and thus decided to pursue this course. Though I initially found it difficult and an adjustment, both professors did an excellent job of not only explaining the material but detailing its relevance in our lives and soon enough, I was caught up and looked forward to each lecture.
I took this course simply for my own self-interest.  I am absolutely amazed to learn all that we know about the human body and how it functions!  And this was just an introductory course.  Instructors made the material clear to understand with good use of diagrams and markings on the diagrams; anecdotal stories interjected appropriately also helped make the material make sense.  Thanks for sharing!
The break up of each topic in a weekly manner is planned very well. The concept is well articulated and hence it becomes easier for the student to understand and imagine the working of each part of the body.  The material is also simplified so that even a fresher would easily assimilate the contents. Looking forward to more courses from Duke.  Thanks once again for the enlightenment on Physiology
This course was very well structured and easy to understand. After every lecture you could do an assessment to check wheather you understood the general concepst and could transfere them to real life situations. It was awesome that you got an sum up PDF at the end of every week, so can easily repeat the content and look up informations about specific topics. I really enjoyed this course.
One of the best free online A&P courses I have seen and been part of. The content is very well laid out and is presented in a very easy to follow manner. I would highly recommend doing this course. There is a lot of new information to learn especially if you have not done A&P before, but the excellent video lectures and written resources make it relatively easy to find answers.
I loved this course from the very start of the lecture. All the concepts explained in the video(s) are utmost important and simplified for easy understanding. Ms is explaining so well all the terms and principle behind the physiology. The lectures are in depth and gives ample knowledge in human physiology. I highly recommend this course to everyone. Duke University rocks !
The way of explaining from the teachers is AMAZING, I wish I was taught like this in college. The tie invested in this course is totally worthed. if you are a student or even if you're working it helps to refresh concepts and to explain them as simple as they can be. I just can't address enough how good it is. Would take another of their courses without thinking.
Wonderful course. The lectures connected many key conceptions together, and made a good story. It is a very good introduction to physiology. But is you want to know more, you need to investigate the text book. Also, I really thing physiology is still a living discipline, and more new things is adding on it. All in all, I like this course, but I need to know more.
This course is excellent for any biology enthusiasts and future doctors. It explains human physiology in an organized, detailed yet easy manner, which maintains the interest of the student throughout the course. I personally enjoyed the course very much as it linked the physiological process to real-life situations which I found very helpful and interesting.
An excellent physiology course...the instructors are pretty amazing with the lectures and the lecture notes. It is a dense course and required significant work to complete the course. I have no background in biology and took the course out of interest and to see what I could retain (and understand). It was well worth the time. So Thank you!
A very helpful course for a non-medical individual. It would have been nice, if there were examples taken throughout the course like it was in the last lecture to analyse situation. I believe that will help people to retain the information for longer, as the course had a lot to teach. Many thanks for the course and both the professors.
It was an wonderful experience for me.I am a 4th year student of med school. Physiology was my 1st year topic  and there are few things i was completely forgotten. So this course was bit of a review journey for me but i found many topics clearer and easier than i understood before. And all the quizzes are so well standard. Thanks!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. As someone with a background in engineering and computer science, it was fascinating to learn about how our bodies work. Thank you for offering this course on Coursera. I truly appreciate the quality of the lectures and materials presented by Emma Jakoi and Jennifer Carbrey from Duke University.
This was a challenging course but very informative, I learned some new things and other information was reiterated.  All in all I would recommend anyone that is a Biology or Nursing major to take this course and I encourage all Biology and Nursing instructors to take this course.  I loved it, wish you had one for Human Anatomy.
I throughly enjoyed this course. The videos and professors were so informative and easy to follow. The practice problem sets and mini quizzes at the end of the videos helped to test my knowledge on the subject and prepare myself for the exams. I put a lot of time and energy into this course and got a lot out of it. Thank you.
The syllabus and content are so applicable to real life situations just the way science is supposed to be. I have done human physiology course at one point in my second and third year of study in a school of medicine, and this has really helped me understand and grasp the concepts at this later stage. Thank you.
I would like to rate this fabulous course as excellent under Dr. Emma Jakoi and Dr. Jennifer Carbrey, brilliant instructersThank you very much for all the kind explanation given for my questions, and good video quizzes, enjoyable problem sets and mind provoking exams.Regards and lots of thanks.Indira Raghunathan
Very interesting course that helps you understand the basic principles and mechanisms of the body. I was very new to this topic, but even I managed to understand it. The instructors explain things very clearly and the reading material helps you in the areas that are more difficult. I can really recommend it.
Very beautifully created course. The structure of this course made it easy to learn being efficient at the same time. Loved the way, how the mentors connect every situation practically  to daily life situations.A very helpful course for those as well who wants to study exercise physiology in near future.
I was looking for a comprehensive physiology to hone my skills as a doctor and this course definitely challenged me. It was nice to be reminded of the details of physiology that I had forgotten over the years. Thank you and I highly recommend this class to anyone looking to gain knowledge in physiology.
i learn here how to learn....really fabulous ,method of teaching ...i like both teachers and their way of speaking...i like course contents i.e. they are really arranged in professional manner....thank you DUKE university and its teachers for giving me such a important platform for learning.........
I used two months to finish the course. I really appreciate Dr. Carbrey and Dr. Jakoi, who piqued my interest in human physiology. The materials are logical, though a little challenging for a freshman. I hope more courses will be provided by Duke University soon, and I cannot wait to learn more.
Extremely thorough and very well organized. The additional resources and transcript for each video is an immense help. I would highly recommend going through this course before taking one at any college you plan on attending. You'll have a huge head start and a deeper insight for the material.
Thanks a lot to Emma Jakoi and Jennifer Carbrey. It was brilliant course, еspecially lections about respiratory, cardiovascular and endocrine systems. That helped me to understand such processes as action potential, membrane potential,differences between pressures within thoracic cavity etc.
The instructors were very helpful! Emma is a great educator who responds almost instantly to your questions in the forum, making learning so much accessible! Definitely a great course even for someone who does not have any biology to pick it up! Don't be hesitant to learning! Go for it!
Amazing course, I've learned some outstanding physiological concepts, which helped me a lot understanding different concepts about the human body. The course instructors, Dr. Jennifer and Dr. Mimi was so kind and helpful. Thank you for providing such a helpful course for everyone!
I think that this course is very complete, videos are well explained, there are many good resources and archives, the teachers help with kindness students with some troubles or some confusing topics. I'm very grateful and glad to have completed and participated of this course
I found it a bit tough because I'm only a high schooler but it was an amazing course. The teachers were very engaging and I definitely learned a lot. If you're interested in physiology and have a good understanding of chemistry and biology, you should definitely try it out.
A very comprehensive introduction to human physiology, but the course material is very demanding and takes time to memorize. If you want to take this course, it'd be better to have some basic knowledge of elementary biology (Biology 101) and a general idea of human anatomy.
I love this class. The lecturers are so brilliant, passionate. We are directed to learn a concept! worth to try. Basically i love neurology, endocrinology, pulmunology parts. but the rest parts i still don't have a courage to learn more (you know it's solely my interest)
The course is amazing, and thanks to the lecturers which have done such a great job building up their presentation. By experience, it is rare to find highly qualified researchers who are also ready to share their expertise through well-prepared motivational pedagogy.
Wonderful course! I enjoyed learning  about the human physiology holistically by understanding connections between organ systems in various physiological pathways as well as by the review of disorders that truly help understand better how the body works. Thank you!
What an exceptional amount of good information here. I am a Zoology student and this course helped me brush up my skills alongside adding more to my knowledge. The tutors are lovely, always smiling and explaining things with great efforts. You'll enjoy this one!
this full course about physiology really is amazing and very informative. it really cover most of the topics in the short time with extensive amount of information which is presented in an amazing way that gets you to complete the course to the end. great job
This course is quite enormous and (for a first-timer into that topic) gives a vast understanding about human body and all the processes that are going on there on daily basis. Lots of practical information. Gives a clear whole picture of our organism. Bravo!
I'm a physiology major and have completed a degree in physiology. I must say this course is really great worthy and quite useful. This course helped me to revive and fixate things I already learned. Thanks a lotI hope there would a complementary course too.
This is one of the best courses. I really enjoyed taking this class again. this class is not easy. you do have to put in the time and effort to study the material and it is well worth your effort. thank you for pulling this all together and teaching me!
Amazing resource and content. What would help (me) learn even more are more 'overview' / summary tables. (At the end of one week's content, there are so many protein+hormone+other signaling entities introduces that one loses track of which does which.)
It is one of the hardest and most rewarding course I have ever taken,  It open paths in my brain that I didn't know i had. Thank you for bringing this opportunity to someone like me.  In my life, I would have never been able to attend Duke University
Fully enjoyed!! This course provides great notes, quizzes, and videos. I preferred more visual effects in videos, but found all of them really useful. It has been a while since I finished the course, I am still watching most videos so many times.
It's definitely a great course! Dr. Jakoi and Dr. Carbrey have presented a marvelous course. In my opinion, the student has to have some background in biology. It's perfect to those students or professionals that want to recycle their knowledge.
Teachers were fantastic. They explained very complex physiological principles in a clear and concise way and created great visual materials to support their lectures. It was a great course to review basic concepts and also expand my knowledge.
Very helpful. I seek for something to learn about Biology and Physiology and this is definitely a great choice for both high school and undergraduate students. It is not hard to comprehend, but challenging to master. Very good course.
Excellent quality of lectures, especially from the lead professor. Really helped me out as I am studying a similar course in a second language (Swedish) and I needed a lot of help with my key concepts in my own language. Have already
Excellent course, I really recommend it. It was like a summary of all the most relevant things in human physiology, besides it is really good at teaching the main illnes of each human system. It's amazing as an introductory course.
It was my personal challenge to take this course. Two knowlegeable lectors,  understandable content, and self pace learning all of them created special atmosphere. I really enjoyed the course, and proud of my accomplishment.
The course was quite difficult to finish for a person with no physics and chemistry knowledge. However I still find it covering number of interesting topics and it allowed me to understand body a bit better. Thank you
In beginning ..confusing ..confusing.. than some light (led ?) and as time went on just more andmore could i follow and understand..this..only due to the course layout and..and the absoluteoutstanding teaching staff
Fantastic course!  Excellent professors, complex subjects but very well presented.  The accompanying ebook is indispensible and a great deal for $5.  Exam questions are fair.  I really enjoyed this process, thanks.
Very comprehensive coverage which was also made easy to understand. Both professors spoke at a well-paced speed and would teach the basics before moving on to harder concepts. Liked the lecture notes provided too.
Excellent course, concise and consistent. Somewhat challenging for me with my limited background in biology, but for the most part it was the challenge I've enjoyed. Big thanks to everyone who made this course.
thank you coursera for providing such important courses. The language is so easy to understand and the subject material provided was also so updated. In future i will also continue learning with coursera.
awesome course and wonderful lecturers. it was a great refreshment for physiology.the course is heavy and needs time to read the material and study, so i advise not to take other courses at the same time.
I have learn a lot taking this course! I strongly recomend it to anyone who would like to improve his knowledge in this area. All the speakers demonstrated a deep commitment  and scientific knowledge .
I have enrolled for introduction to human physiology course. I loved learning through coursera. The way of teaching is extremely good and can understand easily. Easiest way to learn a new concept.
Introductor physiology is very useful and enhanced concepts clarity for students and teachers. I thank prof Emma jakoi and prof Mimi and Dukes University staff who strived for initiating course.
As a  fourth year medical student, I rewieved many topics and also I learnt some important things. I'm glad to take this course. Dr. Jakoi has a perfect knowledge and she is a very good teacher.
very good   really had to work through the material   and was good recap of subject that I leARNED A NUMBER OF YEARS AGO.    I  liked that I   could purchase the suebook  for a reasonable price.
i love this course it really pushes me to think about what we are learning and i love to work hard. thank you for designing such a brilliant course for me and my other course friends to learn
Although it's an introductory course, it still explained the physiology of each human system adequately! I could understand the content with a Chemical Engineering background. Recommended!!!
Helped me so much! Unfortunately the audio transcription is not very accurate, so sometimes it was a little hard to follow because some words of the physiology vocabulary sound very similar.
Loved this course, it was so thoughtfully done. I could feel my knowledge growing and with each module it improved. I would recommend this to anyone looking to learn about human physiology.
Very good introductory course that allowed me to understand key body system. High quality lectures understandable for beginners with desire to get better understanding how body functions.
In general, the course is great for students who do not have a strong background in this field. I think if more information about the specific cell types in each organ could be useful.
Thank you so much for the awesome content. It was a great experience and I loved that you shared the notes of all the material. It helped me a lot. Amazing teachers! Thank you everyone
Introductory Human Physiology course is a great tool to figure out how the human body works, focusing on the most relevant aspects of the organism and making it easy to understand.
Extremely helpful overview of human physiology. Allowed me to make connections between body systems and understanding the physiology has given me a base to understand pathology.
This course has delivered a clear understanding of the function of the human body. Truly, I am deeply satisfied and happy with this course that has educated me. Best lecturers!!
A tough yet very informative and interesting course. If you could add a bit about dialysis in the course material, it would be really helpful and increase the course's appeal.
Incredible teachers. My father and I have really bonded now that I can finally talk to him about one of his passions: Medicine. Thank yo inert much Dr. Jakoi and Dr. Carbrey!
it was a unique and overwhelming journey, it was tough but full of experience an d information.thank you from the heart for your effort to afford us such a perfect course <3
Every topic is explained very very nicely. MCQ and the evaluation process was great. I learned a lot of updated knowledge from this online course.Thank you both the Teachers
This Physiology course is really well made, it's complete, has exercises that help a lot and teaches you what other courses would pass by. Very good, delivers what promises.
Where it is explained so good way whr students can understand the topic very well and the explanation is in easy way to remember so it is useful for students thank u fr ths
I am a Mechanical Engineer with no formal education in Biology This course is designed at very basic level but still manages to introduce major parts of human physiology.
I highly recommend this class for anyone taking an animal physiology class.  The instructors really simplify all topics to where its very easy to understand and keep up.
Just amazing. This online course unveils all the basic mysteries of the human body. I really enjoyed this course and I'm strongly recommending this course to everyone.
It has been a great well structured course. it has helped with my review of my medical physiology, which am sure will go a long way to aid my understanding of disease.
It´s a very interesting and update course. For doctor, It´s a good opportunity to remember the human physiology and remember the gread things that it´s the human body.
Amazing! I'm not fluent in English and I had a little difficulty with some videos without subtitles, but subtitles in English helped me with my bad english listening.
It was truly fascinating, I had taken it in college, but this was a great reminder and refresher. You guys make it easy and fun, thank you for all the great lectures.
It is very much helpful for gaining human physiology knowledge. Teaching concept is very good. Everything is very easily understandable and Lecturers are very good.
This course is actually more informative than the course for human physiology i took at university. I cant stop watching the videos.Thank you for the great content.
Amazing , if only I had an early access to the course ...  These are the thoughts I could have , after the accomplishment ))) Anyway thanks for the opportunity !!!
What a nice and interesting course.Many, many thanks to Mimi and Jennifer.If I had such professors, sure, I choosed physician as a job.  (sorry for my english...)
This well organized course can provide a solid foundation in Human Physiology. Great for learners with an interest in Physiology and little background in biology.
Very enjoyable. Well distributed and didactic. Medical and paramedical personal should refresh their knowledge. Good illustrations and simple to follow. Thanks.
That was a great course. It took me 3 years to complete, but only 3 months to actually do it. It was a great learning experience that I never forget. Thank you
This course was very informative as I have learned a great deal of information. I also purchased the e-book which has helped guide me and teach me new things.
Very nice way of explaining all the concept . Also good for students of south asian country .it covers almost all the syllabus of zoology related to humans.
Great course! It's a little technical but that makes it all the better. As a high school student, this really helped enrich my knowledge of the human body.
I am awed by the construct and workings of the human body after taking this course. The instructors and course material were top notch! Highly recommended.
I really enjoyed this journey of learning something new. I love the fact that I can learn at my speed ,I like the lectures and the related examples given.
With the help of excellent educators, this course had helped me to revise some concepts and to deepen my knowledge before going to med school. Thank you!
That was an amazing journey to the human body , I advise each one interested in understanding the mechanism of how we internally look enters this course
As a Medical student just finishing the bachelor phase of my studies, I used this course to quickly refresh my knowledge on physiology. It helped a lot!
Great course full of detail and challenge. I will definitely take this again and wholeheartedly recommend courses offered by Duke University. Thank you.
Highly recommend for individuals with a background in AP Chemistry and/or biology. Very interesting, well-taught, and overall good learning experience.
I had a great time studying this course to learn in advance for upcoming courses in my major this semester! Great course and very fun and challenging.
The course provided an excellent background in physiology in a simple and comprehensible manner; for that I am very grateful as a high school student.
I really liked this course. It was interesting and clear, and helped me so much to understand the basics of physiology and refresh my past knowledge.
Very challenging course, and I highly recommend it. Great instructors and excellent resources. Phenomenal 5 star course, for a fraction of the cost.
Its covers all the important topics and you should go for this to understand the basics as well as some moderate level of human physiology. Thanks.
It was a challenging course. Yet very effective in terms of the recorded lectures and questions at the end of lectures to asses our understanding.
This class taught me so much more than I could have expected and has really helped me to feel confident that I will enjoy a future in medicine!
An excellent overview of major physiological systems that was highly valuable to me as a student of physiology at the University of Cambridge.
I don't have biological education, so I wanted to improve my knowledge in Biology. I found the course very useful and interesting, thank you!
Really a brilliant course for those who want to pursue medicine in future and wants to get a side help with own detailed study of physiology
This was a great course ! I learnt a lot of new and interesting information. It truly has been an amazing journey. Highly recommend this !!
Truly a very worthwhile course. It fills knowledge to the brim. :) This helps me understands the minute processes in my body. Excellent! :)
It was very informative because the lecture/topics were organized. Notes, videos and quizzes help prod me to learn better and critically.
it is really great course for medical students. i just love it . The way of teaching of professor is very simple and very effective.   :)
excellent!  far above my expectations! i am  very grateful with the teachers and their hard work and efforts to make this great  course!
excellent, it's very informative to me. both faculties are awesome to explain their topic. I fully understand and satisfy. Thanks a lot.
Its really a very splendid course ,i have learned about all the concepts occuring inside our body.THANKYOU COURSERA FOR THIS COURSE.
It is a Very useful for us and so much of Topic Will learning ,It's very Important our Studies and Thank U for this Opportunity
This course helped me understand what I could not manage to learn alone from reading at home.Useful and very pleasant, <3 Mimi!
It was kind of difficulty for non-English(I'm Korean.) high school student.But I learned so many things during the whole class.
Well organized and detailed enough beyond the basics providing good foundations for those needing a refresher on some contents.
It's Very Amazing Learning For Me.I love this course also enjoy the course.Thanks Coursera Give Me This Learning opportunities.
It's an excellent course is useful for M.Sc. Biochemistry and Medicine. Excellent teaching and articulation of the subject.
Overall, the course was very informative. I liked the explanations that will really help me for my future physiology class.
Excellent!! Thanks to professors for their hard work and thanks to the university to give this opportunity free of charge.
I have really enjoyed this course. The videos are brilliantly explained and the quizzes are really helpful. Thank you! :)
Great course! brushups the concepts really very nice for medical background students. Tutors are fantastic. worth doing!!
This is a very informative course and I learn a lot about physiology that I can apply to my study of exercise physiology.
Excellent, information dense course on phsiology. I took this before starting my nursing degree and it helped me greatly.
Its pretty clear and understandable. Amazing for people who wish to study and grasp info from the comfort of their homes.
I liked this course very much, especially teacher`s instructions. Thank you very much for this excellent knowledges :))
Great course you really learn a lot about the various systems in the body, and can now have a new look at your health.
Excellent structuring of the course. I'll be looking forward for more such courses from Duke University Professors.
Wonderful course with interesting lectures as well as written sources. It helped me understand the body fuctions.
An amazing course. The quality of the content and the information given was exceptionally detailed and cohesive.
This has been very helpful for me ,as it made me to look back more deep once again that i have learned before.
This course is short, but very useful and full of fundamental knowledge about physiology. I like it very much.
Vivid explanations and detailed course materials! You should never miss it if you are in heath-related fields.
Nice Course! Complex topics were made easier. Highly recommended for students taking their Physiology Classes
It's a very fantastic course! All the information serve to specify the general dates about human body! Enjoy!
Enjoyed the course alot ,.gud explanations were given ,it helps a lot to me to understand the things well.
it is an amazing course it really helps me but i hope that it was been with Arabic subtitles on the vedios
One of the best courses at Coursera. The instructors are very good and explain everything in an easy way.
It was an interesting and highly educative course especially for someone aspiring into the medical field.
Great way to review basic physiology, Loved both lecturers and even improved my knowledge on some systems
It is an excellent course, I do recommend it to everybody who wants to learn more about human physiology!
It is a great comprehensive course. All the physiological concepts have been explained in a lucid manner.
Very good course, the videos followed a very good sequence and presented clinically relevant information.
Great course with a lot of informations and  a good base  for people that would like to be a doctor !!!!
great .thx to dr oakley for wonderful videos n i liked her style of teaching.always with a smiling face!
A very interesting and informative course, with excellent support from Emma Jakoi and Jennifer Carbrey.
Amazing. And the most amazing-est is I can come back and check lectures anytime over and over. Love it.
Wonderful course, lots to learn! A bit difficult if you don't already have a solid Biology background.
This course provides me with a basic introduction to physiology. I learn a lot by taking this course.
Great lectures, easy to comprehend and follow! Very similar content to what I am  from my university!
I took this course ahead of taking anatomy and physiology for my nursing program. It was EXCELLENT!!
Well structured, concise and an overall joy to watch, this course makes it easy to learn physiology.
I learned quite a bit about basic physiology issues, and reaffirmed much of my knowledge. Thank you
Wonderful course. I recommend this course for everyone who really wants to know what physiology is.
Fantastic course. Notes and lectures do a great job of showing how interconnected the systems are.
Very informative course and helpful in a breif understanding of basic human physiology knowledge.
This is a very informative and outstanding webinar like experience. Thank you so much coursera! ♥
I learned many different systems within the body.  I really like it.  Thank you from the heart
This has taught me so much in little time. I'm extremely glad to be a part of this community.
So informative and well-structured lecture. Recommended for beginners and intermediates also.
I am very happy with this good result, I study hard, I want to be even better in the future.
Awesome. Covered a lot of essential knowledge. This will be especially helpful for the MCAT.
Great course! Hard, I'm learning lots but very well-put together and well delivered. Bravo!
Very informative and detailed, especially useful if you are studying physiology or biology.
A great course, very informative with well thought out, easily understood video lectures.
Thanks Professor Jakoi and Professor Carbrey, this course are amazing course, I love it!
Very nice for who have less background in biology like me. Very well-documented lecture.
I loved the course because it was very easy to understand with the help of the teachers
If you need challenge and exciting venture in biology, I ensure this course is for you!
it's a really informative course ,but I think it needs time more than 7 hour in a week
I enjoyed doing this course also appreciate the instructors for job well done. thanks.
The course material is interesting and informative, Jennifer and Emma were excellent!
Excellent lectures. I really enjoyed and learned from this course. Thanks so much !!!
I have just started some courses from this. I feel its simply amazing and beneficial.
Amazing. The Explanation is Great. My understanding for the subject is now complete
It was a well-explained course. I learned new things and made my concepts stronger.
Very very professional Course, complete even if only Introductory. I am very happy.
Really well taught course. Highly recommended, very useful for me as a nutritionist
i loved this course i loved the instructors i enjoyed the time hereBasem Saleh "BA"
Easy to undertand. Simple words are always use and the professor give you examples.
great course, contains all the basics I need for my med school physiology chapters
this course is thorough and in depth, but also understandable. It's enjoyable too.
The course is Good.The issue is I cant get a verified certificate please help me.
Very informative. I just wish I had more time to immerse myself into the material
I learnt a lot, the material is awesome, what a great course concept, Well Done!
I am a pharmacy student.This course is very useful for me. Really it's amazing!
Excellent course. Well structured, with detailed lectures and course materials.
A must have course for those who are seeking career in medical related fields.
Thanks for providing me such a good platform to learn and enhance my knowledge
Just getting started will be taking more classes. Classes were easy to follow.
One Best of courses of COURSERA, Thanks teachers for your lessons and knowlege
ı learned everything ı expected to learn about human physiology in this course
The professors are knowledgeable and helpful. I learned a lot in this course!
It was an amazing course, quite challenging but very logical and interesting.
This course was amazing! Thank you so much for preparing exsellent materials.
sometimes the test questions went too far, still a great course generally :)
Exceptional course! learn lot of new things through Mentors. Thanks to them.
Things are getting clearer in my mind, thanks to these wounderful teachers.
Good course, somewhat more than a basic understanding of biology is needed.
I am a biology teacher, so I highly recommend this for biology teachers...
thoroughly enjoyed it.Great supplement to my instruction in biochemistry.
Very good and elaborate Physiology course! Thank you for this experience.
Great teaching.  A challenging course for people with a serious interest.
The lectures are full of medical knowledge.. Nicely explained well done!
Great course, lectures are well structured and well presented. Thank you
Amazing review course for student in medicine or medical related courses
Good course but i need complete course on Human Anatomy and Physiology.
A very useful and interesting course, for me,not a student of medicine.
I found this class to be fascinating. My only regret is that it's over.
Very instructive and good didactics. I learned a lot with this course.
I have learnt a lot of important information in this course.thank you
Amazing course, definitely something I would recommend learning from.
So helpful course and so clever lecturers and powerpoints are so good
Great course. gives enough details to understand the molecular level.
I found the course to be informational and easy to follow along with.
Clear, easy to understand, and with great lectures. Highly recommend.
A detailed course with excellent lectures and study guide (readings).
very sincerely done and loved absolutely everything about the course
A bit hard in my opinion, but wonderful content and teaching so far.
Detailed, on-point, brief but comprehensive information! Thank you!
this course was so much helpful to understand more about physiology
It was really perfect course I really enjoyed it thank you so much
Best and best delivered course with best tutors and warm students.
Great delivery of information and questions that check knowledge!
very complete and detailed materials provided. good illustration.
human physiology to the max. i loved every aspect of this course
It was a great experience...thanks to mentors and give guidance
understanding waaaayyyy more than i did with my medical classes
Excellent course! Enjoyed the format and the information given!
Very detailed and informative . Got to learn so much. Amazing!
I loved the teaching. Learnt so many new things! Very helpful.
Well planned and delivered in sequence for easy understanding.
Fantastic!  Dr. Jakoi, in particular, is a wonderful lecturer.
I liked this course very much. It was a fantastic experience.
Such an interesting topic with really well informed teachers.
Wonderfully comprehensive and cohesive. Great prep for MCAT.
very good and lots of excellent information, well presented.
Awesome course with a lot of benefit knowledge ...Thank you.
It was worth learning the fundamentals of human physiology.
I just love de course. I learn so many things, really nice!
the material is really easy to digest. Totally interesting!
Beautifully organized course. Cannot recommend this enough!
Awesome !!!! Hats off to everyone involved in this program
Is good made me smarter. Helped me with my actual classes
new and specific information with no branching in details
The course is of great help to everyone interested in Med
Very helpful course to me, easy to grasp and interesting
It is a good course but it was too much for me to handle
I love the course. Hoping to take that of human anatomy.
Very clearly demonstrated, well structured, challenging.
I`ve learned a lot. it`s good for refreshing knowledge.
Very informative and a course worthy of time investment
Its very very useful for my medical entrance exam NEET.
Wonderful course. The instructor is very knowledgeable.
Loved auditing this class. Very well structured. Thanks
very informative course . more power coursera the best
Perfect depth to help with my A - Level Biology course
Very rich and informative. Well presented. Thank you.
Great course! Very helpful to understand basic terms.
i have learnt a lot from this course. Great Lecturers
Best course to take for preparing for medical school
Love the course and instructors. I highly recommend.
Very informative and refreshing and its well made 💓
Ms. Jakoi is very good at explaining the essentials.
Best course for revision of healthcare professionals
very precise and always on-the-topic, easy to follow
This course its a great oportunity of learn. Thanks
Toughest but most wholesome course I've ever taken.
Excellent course, good progression and great exams.
Great explanation . Best course of human physiology
Excellent and a good learning environment provided
very useful and to the point information provided.
GREAT COURSE. I COULD UNDERSTAND HUMAN PHYSIOLOGY.
Professors made simple really complicated concepts
Loved it. Very educational. Every part was useful.
very good videos and not too detailed explanations
The two professors are amazing, very good course!
Best course ever with highest information level
enjoyed it a lotlearned amazing thingsthank you
I am so interesting so interesed in this course
amazing course but need alot of hardwork < Thxx
great course, It helped me a lot on my studies.
THANK YOU for very good and usefull information
This is a great informative, easy-paced course!
I love this course I've learned so much already
Clear and concise overview of Human Physiology
Great Course, great Materials, Great lectures,
Very well presented and incredibly interesting
Great Learning experience!! Amazing Lectures.
its an amazing course and worth every second.
This course was very informative and amazing.
This course is very good, it is helpful to me
This course is fantastic! I recommend it!!!!!
Very good e-learning courses in the Coursera
Excellent course! Thank you Duke University.
Very good course. Big thanks to instructors.
I JUST LIKE THIS COURSE SO MUCH.............
Very good for a undergraduate student.Thanks
Good online platform for learning something
Extremely good, especially for med students
Very informative course. Thank you so much!
This course is very informative. I love it.
Thank you so much Instructors and Coursera
I learned a lot in this course. Thank you!
I am a fan of Dr. Jakoi, excellent course!
a great introduction to human physiology!
A good course that covers all the basics.
Really great course, lots of useful info
It's very useful and interesting course.
Is a really interest and usefull course¡
I have learned a lot. Thank you so much
Very informative and super-well taught!
Very interesting to get a background :D
This is an excellent researcher course
PERFECT COURSE TO BEGINERS OU STUDENTS
Excellent course, thank you so much!!
I like the structure of the lectures.
It was very useful and knowledgeable
Amazing professors and great course.
Fantastic first princples. Loved it.
its a wonderful course for students.
very thorough and easy to understand
Interesting and challenging material
Challenging and stimulating the mind
great course. I really recommend :)
Very useful for first med student!
This course is very easy to learn.
So much useful information, thanks
This course is really informative
super practical and useful course
Nice... It was very useful for me
It was excellent, thanks so much.
Great course. Thank you for that.
Huge help to study for Uni exams!
Amazing teachers, thanks a lot!
its excellent.. learning a lot.
Very Helpful for Life 👍👍👍👍
Deep content, awesome quality!
Informative relatively tought
Course is really interesting.
Great Course and informative.
very nice course thanks a lot
great and informative course.
thorough and very interesting
It's really a great course !
An incredibly useful course!
Very good course,recommended
This is a wonderful course.
still one of my fave moocs.
This course is very good!!!
Highly interactive course.
Amazing , I really like it
great, informative course.
Very systematic and simple
Absolutely Amazing Course
Great LearnIng experience
Great! I learned so much!
Very educational course!
thank you for all thing.
Good professional course
Enjoyed this very much!
thanks so mach so mach
EXCELLENT COURSE WORK!
Great learning !!!!!!
Extremely informative
Loved it! Thanks. :)
Interesting course..
I like it very much.
its worth exploring.
Very clear and deep.
Great great resource
The best so far!!!!
very good course!!!
Its very important
Very challenging.
It helps me a lot
Great professors.
Learning so much!
It helped a lot!
This is excelent
i really love it
Great class...
Very helpful..
learned a lot！
Lots to learn
So excited
Great 👌
USE FULL
