13 weeks long? This is basically his class syllabus transferred to a MOOC! The first video was a ridiculous waste of my time. The videography was totally unprofessional. Shaky camera, this long walk and football kicking with a brain on the football field??? The audio is horrible... use a mic. I signed up for a neuro course, not an advertisement of the campus. This guy needed an Instructional Designer to help him condense and build this course into something digestible.  This is MOOC, not a college course.  I am horribly disappointed at the quality. I needed an overview of the main components of Neuro Medical Science.
Terrible terrible terrible!!! I take classes about sleep disorders and I was recommended to take a class in neuroscience first. But the class here are just an advertisement. They just talk about themselves and what they are doing,what I am not interested in. I was waiting when theoretical lessons are starting,but I give up. And money is already paid.
Not so great
to long
While the course is interesting is filled with great information and  engaging lectures, I personally felt it to be too long.  Since I was pursuing this course out of sheer interest in the subject alongside my full coursework load, I found the individual lectures are way too long for me to do this course alongside my regular coursework. Having shorter lectures by simply breaking up the topic into smaller sub-topics would have helped me immensely.  As it stands, I have discontinued this and would prefer to await a break from my classes to resume this.
The vast majority of reviews for this course are glowing. Well done!Coming from a non medical background I found this course very challenging. I hardly used any of the suggested readings or references as I found them too technical.  I had to start at a more basic (high school) level and work my way up. After many hours of work, many failed first attempts and countless hours of eating comfort food, I eventually reached week 13. Did I feel ready for the final exams? I suppose it doesn't matter because I did pass and received my certificate.
A great course that is absolutely not for anyone with a mere interest in the field of study. You need a strong medical background (either as a student or practitioner). I do not recommend this course to anyone who is as such not qualified.
As the tutor had mentioned one of the largest course in the coursera. Being prepared for that I had some expectations about the course structure and relevance and worth each second. But to my disappointment, only a few modules were made interesting. Most of the time its too much jargon and irrelevant to the term medial neuroscience title. Good pointsintroduction of brain lab and Sylvius. some experimental based data to convince the conceptsan easy and simple way of presentation by the Dr White well ordered structure to cover basicsNot so good points:it is boring to watch some repeated concepts one gets irritated by so much bragging about self-research in the field of visual neuroscienceso entire brain development and early synaptic plasticity were cornered to the visual cortex.so much data points and so much stuff without a proper background or clear explanations (esp about all the special senses part, associated brain cortex part and brain development chapters)Please reconsider the title for this program. No medical part involved in the whole course. Good for those in the early stage of MD-PhD guys.
it is a little hard to student who not major in medicine
I am a physicist, aspiring to work in neuroscience. I have some introductory notion in biology and neuroscience. I wanted to have a more systematic view on the nervous system. The beginning of this course is really great. The information is precise and clear, even if there are a lot of it. The lector seems really motivated by his work. In the later lessons there are sometimes too much general remarks, and the important information slides in too quickly and unnoticed. It would be great to cut the length of lessons in half, by omitting all the unnecessary phrases and to accentuate the crucial points.  The quizzes are not very hard, but I think the course was not clear enough to give all the information, especially at the end, and I used a lot of supplementary sources, such as other universities online courses.
Depending on how long one has been out of school quite hard work. Needs a number of hours every week to keep up, especially for those not having "The Book" (Neuroscience) or not having the use of all the online material provided. (Logins didn't work). However, I'd recommend it to people in health professions like me, Physical Therapists, Occupational Therapists, Nurses in Neurology, or anyone wanting to revise the work with a clinical bias. It allowed me to study from home. which is great!  It's the clinical stuff that was really interesting in the final exams although quite difficult!
This is a really comprehensive and detailed course. There's so much material here so it's a great foundation. Beware, it's very heavy on anatomy, so pay lots of attention to the anatomy bits. You need to commit to really learning on this course - it's not easy and the multiple choice quizzes are challenging. Having done the course without an anatomy resource I can suggest that you get one (these are discussed in the course) as it would be very helpful in understanding the locations of everything that is talked about, which is really important. At times, Dr White is a little bit verbose and has a tendency to give a brief overview of something and then the overview morphs into a deeper view so it's repetitive but the structure isn't always clear. A textbook would be a helpful accompaniment to clear up some issues. Again, I didn't have this either, but Wikipedia was really helpful. Overall this is a great grounding in neuroscience and has the academic rigour you'd expect from a course offered by a university of the calibre of Duke. Don't be fooled by thinking this is easy because it's online, it's not! Be prepared to spend 6+ hours per week on this.
I'm suprised by how much knowledge I gained by the end of the course. The physiology and anatomy of the brain were my favourite parts and I loved learning about the functions of each part of the brain. Week 12 was my favourite. Initially, I thought the course would be full of learning about the functions of the brain but instead, there was a lot of neurology. Nonetheless, great course for understanding the fundamentals of the brain and this neurobiochem basis is what helps in understanding the bigger picture. Note/ advice: the only science I've done is AP physics and math. If you seek to understand the topics and make notes as you go along then there is no difficulty in completing the course!Neuroscience to me is like a puzzle: you have a lesion in the brain and you locate this by using the symptoms presented in the patient. This is what makes it fun, I love researching and investigating!
I am so glad  to successfully accomplish this intensive course which offered an in-depth knowledge about neuroanatomy of human brain alongside getting an insight into the clinical disorders of the human brain.
Really detailed course but super medical (obviously) rather than anything too cognitive. I'd strongly recommend being very confident with biological sciences and chemistry to do this course.
SOmetimes the questions where not in order, this is, there were questions in some sections about topics that were in future sections
Lots of self study required by anyone from a non-biology/medical background. This is a very interesting topic, and is a good course.
Very interesting and challenging. Thank you so much Dr. White and to all the Course Management. You taught me a lot.
Good to learn but somewhat is too clinical which might be quite difficult for non-clinical student
This course helped me get an overview of the human brain.
Tough but it's worth it. Neuroscience is pretty fun!!
good to explore new dimensions of neuroscience
very detail teaching and very good instructor.
hard but worth the efforts
Great course! Comprehensive and well organized. Video lectures are detailed and the supportive resources are useful. I found that some of the materials covered (particularly on the special senses) were very dense and most people will never need that level of detail in practice.I recommend this course to most healthcare professionals and anyone with an interest in this area. However, this is a tough course. If you have a weak foundation in basic biology and anatomy/physiology, be prepared to spend far more hours than recommended. But it is worth the time.
While I greatly respect Dr. White's obvious immense knowledge of the neural anatomy, I feel taking this course did very little beyond showing me that perhaps medicine and anatomy wasn't for me.
I've always wanted to attend a course like this which offers such a detailed description of the fundamentals of neuroscience. Glad I found it and sure as hell recommended it to all my friends.
I recently completed this course and I must say it is one of the challenging and rewarding academic experiences I have had in a long time. I was very impressed with the content and the format. I learned so much about the human brain and yet there is still so much to discover. This was a thorough course. and as a someone who has completed much of his undergraduate studies through distance education, I can safely say this ranks as challenging a course as I have ever taken. I did not know what to expect from Coursera, this being my first course with them, however, I was very impressed. Professor White has a calm and friendly delivery, so much so as it feels you are visiting with a friend. The videos were great and I strongly recommend you purchase the optional texts because they really cover the material in depth. The quizzes were difficult and the final exam was exceptional in bringing all the knowledge together using a clinical format. I cannot recommend this course enough, a very big thanks to Dr. White and all the contributors to this course! I would love to take an advanced follow up if it ever becomes available, they should consider making this part of a certificate program.
A brief background: I am a social science (economics) student that have never taken any biology module since high school, but have taken a personal interest in psychology and I thought this course will help a little when reading papers that talks about neuroscience. It was an uphill struggle as you can imagine - more than half the time I pause to learn about simple things like what a cell life cycle is. With perseverance and the well laid out course, I managed, and took one firm first step into the world of neuroscience. I really appreciate Prof White for this, and I wish all future learners the best - there are many times you feel like giving up, but allow your (Core Concept #7) naturally endowed curiosity to push you further.
I have not really taken any Neuroscience courses and I have to say this was very challenging with my already full-time load at school but I did it!  Yay!  I love Dr. White he is an awesome professor!
I leant so much without even realising it until I got to the final exams and all this knowledge was making sense. Amazing lecturer with so much wisdom in the area. The course is very well delivered.
A great and challenging course to all fresh and experienced learners of neuroscience
If you are looking to learn from a gifted professor, if you want
to walk away with a lot of knowledge, if you need a new way of looking at
neuroscience, or if you want to be hooked on the subject, look no further. The large
international community of learners is really friendly and motivated, too, so
as a bonus, you may find new friendships. Dr. White (Len) needs to be a name as familiar to
neuroscience as Dr. Goljan to pathology or Dr. Fischer to internal medicine,
and you will see why when things just click in your head and when you finish with
more understanding than from other courses; he is just such a great teacher. A glimpse
of his brilliance as an instructor is when a learner walks away successfully with
the knowledge of a medical student and can apply that to research or a clinical
situation. The examples that Professor White lectures stuck in my head; the pictures
he selects or the ones he draws are easy to recall. Neuroscience is a visual
subject as much as it is knowledge-based, and this course stresses and utilizes
both. Professor’s White unique talents are 1) to seamlessly repeat an important
concept always in a fresh way and 2) to predict the learners’ struggles and
confusions and address them. It is no wonder that students at his school honored
Len with prestigious teaching awards. You can easily see Dr. White’s excitement
for neuroscience and his passion for teaching. Simply a blessing that most of the
world is free to learn from him. Two other rare features stand out about this course: heavily
involved teaching assistants, such as Ellen (look at the site she put together
learnmedicalneuroscience.nl/), and detailed unit notes.  In summary, while this is the most demanding
and lengthy course on Coursera (I felt the speed of the course was just right),
it is also the most rewarding. Duke University has continuously proved to be a
great school to take class via Coursera.
This is the best possible course on Neurosciences available in any online teaching system. I do appreciate the colossal effort and time spent by Dr Len White, and his Colleagues for the making of this project. As an MD specialized in ObGyn and Advanced Fetal Sonography (currently practicing in Venezuela) I feel more confident evaluating the developmental and anatomical details of the fetus along with the basis of CNS congenital anomalies. This great integral and extensive overview  of the CNS will help me consolidate my imaginologic and functional view of the fetus. The last time I studied the CNS was in '95 while preparing myself for the USMLE/ECFMG Cerificate (Passed Successfully) and many things have changed since then, specially teaching resources such as those delivered with excellence by Dr White and his team. Not only I learned about Neurosciences but how to deliver great but humble presentations using several available resources. Mothers will benefit too not only because I better understand what is going on with their babies and better prevention practices but because I will deliver better insights on the many symptoms and complications related to normal and abnormal pregnancies
Excellent course. Very well structured and easy to follow, even though medical neuroscience is quite the challenge to learn. Professor White really is an excellent teacher, probably the best teacher i´ve come across. I´m a physical therapist from Denmark, looking to specialize in neurology and especially how to understand and utilize synaptic plasticity in neuro rehabilitation. I can only recommend this course to any health professional looking for a complete, well distributed and rewarding course to establish a basic knowledge about medical neuroscience.Julie Pedersen, Physical therapist, Denmark
This is one I have wanted to complete for a long time!  I finally did it.  One thing I would have liked would have been some lesion sessions, perhaps worked in reverse.... infarct happened here... this affects.... and take the case from there.  Or more cases like the exam questions with details on an approach to figure out "where is the lesion(s)".
It is a must course for medical students , I wish all have access to it. Love it very much
Absoultely Astoundishing. I will highlight the best points:There is a companion textbook. This really helps to consolidate knowledge and sear for new information, although I should say that the tutorials are much complete.There are tutorial notes given to the students. This is crucial. If one was to organize all the course content from just watching the videos it would be impossible. The tutorial notes give a great start for your own knowledge structuring.This course is no light thing. My impression from some of other MOOC sites is that they are much superficial. Their courses seem a good joke at simulating college level education. Medical neuroscience is not like that. You should expect a standard college level neuroscience course.Professor White is amazing. When you think he couldn't surprise you with his teaching methods, he plays music for you!It is better than going to classes. Trust me. I had a neuroscience course in university and I couldn't stad attending classes. I wouldn't have passed wasn't it for Medical Neuroscience.The course subject is just fascinating. Have you ever wondered that there are sensory labeled lines? Did you know that you cannot feel pain unless you have a specific receptor for it? Well, I don't know about you, but for me, that is simply magic.This course will really make you have smarter conversations. Have you wondered launching a neuroscience topic during your date? "Well, did you know that no one really precisely knows how we can see? yes, because what your eyes "see" is just a pattern of light, and it is inverted horizontally and laterally!
This is simply the best course I have ever attended
What are you waiting for?
Dr. White presents this challenging material in an engaging, relatable way. The course is reasonably rigorous and absolutely fascinating. I cannot thank Dr. White  and all of those involved in making this course enough. It is brilliantly organized and taught. The course book is equally excellent. It actually took me longer than expected to complete it because I became so enthralled in the topics that I began reading other textbooks alongside it. I am genuinely saddened that it's finished. However, without this course I'm not sure when, or indeed if, I would have discovered a genuine love and deep fascination with this subject. I'm currently pursuing higher education in Neuroscience as a result. Thank you.
This is the best MOOC I've ever taken. It's very well structured, detailed, the lectures are both interesting and informative. You will also get a raft of additional resources to enhance your future learning and research and great study tips for each part of the course material. I loved it! Now I'm even going to take it once again to fill some gaps in knowledge and gain a better understanding of some topics.
For anyone looking to understand some basic neuroanatomy and physiology, Dr Leonard White uses great skill to impart this sometimes complicated subject to his students. I have benefitted greatly and earning a certificate has definitely upgraded my CV.
A great course, very difficult but absolutely comprehensive. I would not recommend joining it without a basic formation in human neuro anatomy
Exceptionally well presented, well researched and relevant course. Very educative.
The course is sublime. I would like to give my thanks to Dr. White, to the crew, to the site. You all made something special, a unique experience on this site and further. Starting this course back in June, I felt inspired and motivated from the beginning, all thanks to Leo's pedagogical approach. The community is strong, the volunteers are doing a great job. The course was very demanding, right from the start. I would say it was the hardest in the beginning, especially if you have no prior knowledge of the brain or medical terms. I believe that I learned a lot, but there is still so many things that I didn't get the grasp of, and that's fine. I am looking forward to taking this course again in the future. But the most important thing for me was that, with this course, I created a very healthy routine, where I would turn on the lectures after waking up, while having a cup of coffee. I can only see this routine continue further, maybe while watching some other lectures or reading. All in all it was a wholesome experience, I learned a lot, created new habits, got to know more about neuroscience with no prior experience. TEAM, THANK YOU. To future students: My mistake was that I didn't draw the tracts and the nuclei in the brainstem. It was harder to get through the course and the exams without doing so, please follow Leo's advice, it wasn't misplaced.
Finally, upon completion of this excellent course, I have a structured understanding of brain function based on the knowledge of anatomy and cellular level processes. Solving clinical cases gives a sense of practical application of the knowledge you just acquired, especially those from the University of Utah with video recordings of real patients, where you can compare your findings with real physician's records. Lots of links to extremely useful resources which I can use in further studies make this course a great point of entry to modern Neuroscience. To make the course even better in future versions, I can propose to include phylogenetic perspective to explain how different circuits formed through the evolution and why corresponding features of the brain were crucial for the survival of our ancestors - it allows for a deeper understanding of CNS function. The overall course duration can be preserved by compressing some duplicate reminders of core concepts, for example.
Incredible course! One of a kind! I can't but admire the meticulous preparation, methodology and the constant thought about the learner that's behind it. But I have to say - this was the most difficult course I've ever taken in my life... I had my ups and downs, many times I thought that I'm going to quit - but I kept going, mainly thanks to the thoughtful organization of the study materials, which makes it so rewarding at the end, and to the community support standing by. This course is definitely unique and for me, personally, it changed a lot. I am not a medical professional and this course opened a whole new world which is worth exploring further! Finishing this course is like finishing reading a good book, when closing the last page you think of those who are going to go through it for the first time and you are happy for them. :)
This course is like no other online course. It takes full dedication in order to complete it but at the end you feel like you have accomplished something really meaningful. You must work really hard and show a big amount of self-discipline and then everything pays off. The structure of the course was brilliant. Dr. White is the perfect lecturer and he manages to inspire you throughout the whole course. I'm really grateful for the creation of this intensive and really helpful course. These words come from a medical student in Germany - so that's a greatly appreciation of the spectacular work that the team of Duke University has done. I'm looking forward to participating in other wonderful projects like this one!
Excellent course, the best I've had on Coursera! I really enjoyed the depth of this course into neurology and the gradual and clear explanation of Dr. White. It covers anatomy, histology, physiology, embryology, molecular biology, pathology and much more! All illustrated with anatomical specimens and illustrations. Deep respect for the immense knowledge of Dr. White about the neural anatomy! As a medical student with affinity for neurology, I've become more enthusiastic for this specialism and this course is a good way to prepare for my residency. It's a shame that the course has an ending! But i'm definitely gonna rewatch some of the tutorials again!
Excellent material, excellent teaching techniques, excellent and challenging evaluations. Allows the student to initiate and complement study contents. I'm very satisfied with the course as a whole, and very grateful to Dr. White, Duke University and Coursera's platform for allowing healthcare professionals, like myself, to get in touch with the various aspects of Neuroscience (which are not commonly available in my country) and develop a future in this scientific world.
As a former US medical student, I signed up for this course as a rapid review for my upcoming PhD program involving neuroscience research. In terms of difficulty, the content of this course is on par with that of preclinical medical school coursework. The only difference being that medical school exams are longer, closed-book, and timed (obviously).
I am not a medical student but love biology and want to explore how human body works. I am so much intrested in Neurocsience. This course is one of the best and professor White's way of teaching and making students understand the Nervous system is best of best. Though for me it takes time but I am able to learn slowly. Thanks Prof White.
A singular online learning experience, certainly enriching. Thoughtfully structured with Dr. White's rigorous and gentle touch. It gives me a very effective introduction into this world and now I'm equipped with a good map to further pursue one or more of the intrigues it presents me.
Very well designed and innovative course. I feel as though I have really progressed as a practitioner after completing this course. I warn you however, it is a long course and can be very challenging at parts, especially if you are juggling other commitments at the same time.
This course was truly in-depth and enlightening. Compared the quality of the content with other online learning platforms and noted that this one was more practical.It is also very trying and needs a lot of discipline and hardwork. Well done for such a programme!
One of the most in-depth, feature complete course available on neuroscience. Highly recommended to anyone interested in neuroscience, and especially for people engaged in neuroscience research.
I used this as preparation material for a module/test for my graduate degree and i found the videos to be clearer, more complete, and helpful than my actual courses. That is quite impressive.
The best course I ever had in my life. Thank you Dr. Len White for providing such an great opportunity to learn neuroscience and motivating us to explore the brain.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! I learned so much from Dr White and was impressed with the quality and clarity of the course content.
Solid course.  I only wish there were more.  Thank you, Professor White & team!
very good course under the supervision of greatest Prof. L. White
the best course that i has beenthanks Dr Write
I took the Medical Neuroscience course as a way of getting a broad overview of the subject, and was not disappointed.  The course starts with a solid basis in neuroanatomy, and builds in concepts and topics in a well structured way.  The course seems to pursue two goals - on the one hand, to provide the basic neuroanatomy, physiology and functional background, and on the other to apply the knowledge to understand, identify and localize some medical conditions such as stroke, motor neuron disease, or Parkinson's Disease.  The lab sessions and tutorials are entertaining and informative, thanks to Dr. White's  friendly and engaging presentation style.   The tutorials are accompanied by useful notes, and the frequent quizzes support the learning of the very extensive material.  His recommendations for learning the material (follow the path, visualize your knowledge, learn spatially and socially) are useful in many other contexts.   The materials are supported by a reference texbook, Neuroscience 5th edition from 2012, and a new edition is expected in 2017.    Also, the text transcriptions of the video presentations appear to have been generated by machine, and need to be proofread and corrected.   In spite of this, they are very useful to review specific points in the videos.   Although the course presents a huge amount of material and the discussion forums allow both clarification of issues and questions as well as deepening and extending the knowledge provided by the basic materials in the course.  I strongly recommend this course to anyone interested in gaining a basic overview of human neuroscience.
The journey throughout the Nervous System is even more intense and eye-opening than what you can imagine at the beginning. I loved the way Prof. White goes over every topic, sharing part of his personal thoughts and experience, which results in a very welcoming way of conveying information. The optional tools provided are also highly valuable, and the tips that are given all along are very useful when it comes to self-organization and techniques of study. The course is thick: there is much to say, and many times there is no space for everything, but it's a fine start if you do not know very much about Neuroscience. I particulary learnt a lot about anatomy, which is a big deal when understanding the Nervous System. The assessments are "fun": you don't just answer plain questions, but need to use all you've learnt, integrate it, and think to get to an answer. As a little flaw, I would say that in order to answer these questions, there are several things that are not thoroughly developped in the course and yet you must know about (the "pathological" part: diseases, circulatory system - which is quite complex and only approached switftly- etc.). From a more personal point of view, I've learnt more and better in this course that in some larger in-person courses I had in my career about the topic. Hence, I thank professor White and his crew for the experience. It's worth it!
One of the excellent courses I have ever attended. Prof.Dr.Leonard White made every lecture very interesting and simple. Although the subject is very difficult i enjoyed every bit of it. Many a time i failed the exam which made me read again and again. Each video lecture is designed very thoughtfully. This course not only made me more knowledgeable in neuroscience which attracted me right from my child wood, it improved many other aspects too. I have developed more interest in learning different things. It showed a way to me .our age or economic condition is not a hurdle if we wish or determined to do something strongly .i have completed this course only because of the encouragement form the Coursera team time and again. I am thankful to the entire team for their support and encouragement throughout the course. sir only one request to provide me the certificate of completing this course successfully .definitely this will help me and others to encourage for this course.I hope you will provide me the certificate, please. finally, I want to say I want to do some more advanced courses in neurology provided under the guidance of Prod.L.White. I want to thank the entire team especially Prof.Dr.L White from my core of heart
very interesting but difficult course and very thorough. All the info anyone who is not a medical doctor will ever need. The teacher is committed, patient, kind and overall excellent.This is a very good course but i personally feel that the lectures should be spread over at least 20 weeks instead of 13. As it is currently taught, the course is placing a lot of stress and pressure on the student to keep up with the pace if the student also has other home or work commitments so it makes it difficult for such an interested student to go into all the depths the course asks for if time is  constrained by the pace of the course. I feel that if the course had been taught over 20 weeks at least then i would have had more time each week to go into it in more details.But overall i really enjoyed the lectures, and i know i have learnt all that i will ever want to know about the neurology of the human bodyThank you Dr White and team for all your time and efforts in putting out such a wonderful course. Students like me really do appreciate it all
It is a wonderful course for serious learners wanting to learn about the human nervous system and how it works. I myself am a medical doctor (I graduated over two years ago) and I can attest that (in my university at least) I didn't have neuroscience lectures with this depth and detail.Due to my medical background I found it comfortable to go through the course without much effort or lots of extra studying. But I figure that if you do not have some such foundation it might be a bit more challenging to go smoothly with the course, and you might needs more extra studying and more time put into the course.But if you are interested about neuroscience and want to learn the essentials of how the human brain works (as per our current knowledge) then I recommend that you put in the effort and go with the course even if you don't have a strong background in the life sciences or in medicine.Many thanks to Dr White and everybody else who have participated in creating and maintaining this course.
I think it is a very good course in Neurosciences, because gave me an good update and  now I felt me  with total confidence  if I wish to take more  advanced course in Neurosciences. I am Physician(Professor of Internal Medicine/Nephrology)and I don´t belong  to specialties like  Neurology, but working for many years in Intensive Care Units;I had to handle many and differents cases of difficults Neurological Problems, with support of neurologists Teams, but  I was aware that I needed and Update and more than that, an Integrative view  of Nervous system Function.As Collateral effect, this course wake up on me an  deep interest  in Neurosciences, as very good serious medical hobby.Thank you and congratulations  for this course and I hope to see another course given by DUKE UNIVERSITY, headed by Dr Leonard White and his TeamIvan vuc ina MD-FACPProfessor of Internal Medicine /NephrologyUniversity of Chile/Clínica las CondesSantiago de Chile
Admittedly, some topics (especially neural signaling) could be explained so much more simply. Professor White sometimes picks the most random starting points to explain a new topic rather than explaining the subject matter in a Point A-Point B manner. Other times, there are other topics where information is omitted in an attempt to not overcomplicate the subject, although sometimes that omitted information could have easily helped to explain what the professor was talking about. That said, this is an incredibly thorough, clear, yet manageable course. This course has the hands-down best resources (lecture notes, clinical case studies, interactive anatomy program, and a separate website) of any Coursera class I've taken. I've learned more from this class than any single class I've taken on Coursera or in college. Hats off and big thanks to Professor White, Ellen Vos, and everyone involved in this course.
I  thank Duke University as an Institution, and particularly anyone who directly contributes to organize so competently this highly instructional course, "Medical Neuroscience", Prof Leonard E. White,  and Coursera Team.  It is huge appreciable and measurable effort.I am celebrating my completion of Medical Neuroscience, I am glad and proud of what I have learned during the course, My knowledge  regarding the field has been considerably enhanced.  It is valid course for health care practitioners of all levels.I am willing to keep learning specialized course of Medical Neuroscience, (Perception, Action and Brain).I purchased text book, Neuroscience 6 edition. that has been helpful throughout the course with its Sylvius 4 online.Congratulations and best wishes to Medical Neuroscience team for the skillful preparation and delivery of this instructional endeavor.Dr Abdinasir Abukar
Dr White is outstanding in his delivery of this course material. His tone, composure and endurance is admirable. The course content is challenging but Dr. White seamlessly and very humbly at times expresses and reinforces its values in a highly encouraging and inspiring manner.I was especially impressed with Dr. White's humble introduction to self organization and dynamical systems with how he expressed how initially challenged he was with the concept of these forces and the challenging shift he chose to make away from what he had upheld to embrace these intrinsic values. Thank you Dr. White and team for making this a highly stimulating and educational experience.With gratitude,Ken Ware
This course is, without a doubt, the best! And the instructor is a real master. You see many people teaching out there, but few with the enthusiasm and pedagogic skills of Ph.Dr. Leonard E. White (sorry if I used it wrong). He explains everything into detail and very clear. He know how to approach the subjects without overwhelming his expectators. The only bad thing about all this, is that there no other courses on coursera with Leonard E. White! I don't know if you will actually read the reviews, but if you do: please keep teaching like this, with so much care and love. You're the best! If you ever have the opportunity, please teach again on coursera. Greetings, Gabrielle A.
While I found the course extremely challenging because of the tight schedule, the content was absorbing and exquisite. When I began nursing, we were told the brain was largely an uncharted mystery---and it was. But science has since discovered and uncovered so many facts and nuances about brain functions! Dr. White was careful to introduce basic concepts and then build on them to bring students to great depths about the different systems that comprise the brain and CNS. He made the course interesting and comprehendible, as well as a pleasant experience. Thank you, sir, for giving much of yourself as you organized and produced the videos, tutorials and other resources.
I found the material well-organized and explained throughout the course.  Lots of learning options (video, textbook, on-line labs, and Sylvius) made it possible for me to adapt my learning style as needed to complete each of the 13 weeks.  I really appreciate Dr. Len's enthusiasm for his subject, and the great support of his teaching assistants.  It is a challenging course, but if you are willing to put in the effort, you will be amazed at what you have learned by the time you take your finals.   I found the Neuroanatomy Through Clinical Cases textbook valuable for learning how medical observations are integrated to make a diagnosis and form a treatment plan.
Truly an amazing course. It meant for motivated people, as it isn’t for the lazy. I must admit to its difficult. At times it feels like the amount of information is comparable to drinking water out of a water hydrant. Especially if you haven’t studied at a university level previously (like me). Anyways, don’t let my description fool you. This course WILL make you question not only the biological basis to you existence, it will also make you question the highly subjective aspect of the experience of your consciousness. You will need to apply yourself and be very hardworking. I believe you will make it (like I did) and evolve in almost all aspects as a person.
This is a beautiful course.It seems long and daunting at first sight,but each step of learning is made enjoyable by Dr White.The course supplementary materials and resources are beautifully designed too.I especially like his passion for teaching which is  evident in the way he talks and does acts like wearing shirt on one side to give us a perspective into the life of patients suffering from Neurological problems.While i was sad to hear of this accident,I wish him the speediest of recoveries.I absolutely loved the videos inside his house too(in one episode he mentions that a deer may have passed by-lovely to have a house as this in the midst of nature)!
This advanced-level course was designed carefully and clearly, so i think it's the best choice for those who's interested in medical neuroscience. However, learning through 13 weeks could dampen anyone who's just a beginner in this field, especially who is not native english speaker like me.  Because there are many terms and knowledge to remember, then to coordinate and to express them again so that everybody could get the points. Even sometimes i found myself unable to extract my ideas in spite of understanding what's going on in discussions. At last, I wish prof. White and his partners a healthy and happy life :). It's really a nice work!
This course wasn't easy but I was so happy to be challenged intellectually. I majored in psychological science for my undergrad degree and I found this course exceedingly helpful as I'm in a public health field combatting addiction through a SAMHSA grant program. The other topics reinforced what I learned so much about my major for undergrad and why I love studying the brain. I found the lessons around neuronal development and transmission to be more helpful than what I learned in school. This is a great course for those who like to be challenged and are very curious in brain science.
Great course that helped me to gain more in-depth knowledge on brain structures and made me review a lot of what I had already read about this subject. I especially enjoyed the parts about neuroanatomy and would have appreciated even more detailed presentation and more revision.The Purves 6th edition is very helpful (actually, it's a must), and the Sinauer website (which I had no access to) is also to be recommended.Len White explains things very well and makes the course come alive. I was looking forward to listening to him every morning. I might 'revisit' to enhance my LTP :-)
The content was very interesting and I would like to thank Professor Leonard E. White for his valuable time and clear explaining of the functional organisation and neurophysiology of the human central nervous system. In the early stages I wasn't so passionated about some topics (because I did not know about them), but overall it is a very complete course which will definitely help you for your professional career but also personal development and help your relatives on all sorts of topics ranging from neurological diseases to prevention and drug use/addiction. Thank you again.
Thank you very much Mr. White and team. The course is a really jewel. Mr White broadly shows different pathways and amplitudes about our brain and it composition in many aspects: biologic, anatomic, physiologic, cognitive. Indeed it is a complete and unique class. Also Mr White teach all this complex stuff with extraordinary quality in different scenarios: lab, room, his house, in a forest, unfolding new approaches.    However the quizzes are very very hard and detailed  but they inspire our study. Best regards from Brasil, and thank you again, Mr White, his team and Coursera.
Doctor White and his team are a bunch of heroes, giving people like me a chance to learn they would never have in their lifetime. I want to send all of them my thanks and ensure them of my heartfelt gratitude. I for one will not allow such a magestic effort go to waste and I am certain that the knowledge that doctor White has imparted me will aid me in diagnosing and alleviating the pain of future patients I will have (lest some tragic incident might find me, God forbid). I swear to remember the kindness of my teacher so I might repay the world in kind one day. Thank You.
With absolutely no background in biology or anatomy, I was able to follow this exceedingly well-designed course and do extremely well on quizzes and exams. It was a HUGE amount of work (~10 hours/day, 7 days/week) due to my lack of relevant background, which only makes my successful completion that much more rewarding. Everyone should take this course. If people grokked what a magnificent organism they are, I think there would be a lot less self-abuse, chemical dependency, ...  I think Duke should consider designing a curriculum for grade school and high school.
This is a challenging course requiring a significant time commitment (I kept seeing recommendation of 16-20 hours per week, maybe less depending on your background). It is supposed to provide content on par with a medical school or a graduate health profession  (e.g. physical therapy) neuroscience course. Dr. White is a great instructor--his kind demeanor counterbalances the somewhat overwhelming content of the course. You will end up pulling all the material together for the final to diagnose patient cases. Overall, a very rewarding course!
An amazing journey through the world of medical neuroscience. A captivating lecturer and a well structured course which can only lead to one outcome: increase in knowledge and sense of curiosity to learn more about the fascinating life of our neurostructures.Thank you Dr. White and many thanks to the whole team for making this very complex matter accessible to everyone. I hope others will considered the completion of the course as the beginning of a pleasant "pathway" through more discoveries of the most complex organ of the human body.
I took this course to challenge my brain after chemotherapy and during radiotherapy. Not sure if that helped my learning as the retention of the information was affected! But it did help to clarify some aspects, especially as I had some understanding of basic neurology from my previous extensive studies in physical activity and consciousness.The course is very well laid out and masterfully delivered, and packed with information.  The level said "advanced", and I found that accurate. Thank you very much for this amazing experience!
As a current medical student, Medical Neuroscience here on Coursera really equipped me to perform well in my studies in our school's neuro course. I really appreciated the concise yet thorough lectures from Dr. White throughout the course. I HIGHLY recommend this course to anyone interested in the brain and especially those students enrolled in a neuro course in their current studies. This course supplemented my regular class lectures and assignments very well and helped me to master the content much more efficiently and smoothly!
It's been an emotional and a great great learning experience through out the course. I must express my gratitude, my vote of thanks and many more... i think words are bit small to express this emotions. and now my amygdala is unable to process this. So with a deep sense of satisfaction i want to thank from bottom of my heart to Prof. Dr. White. Your teaching skills are fabulous. Hopefully, in future you and your team from duke university will develop "Neuropathology and Neuropharmacology" courses.Eagerly waiting for the same...
A fantastic course that is very detailed and also very organised. The tutor, Professor White, is excellent at his job and does the task of explaining and tutoring very good. The study material support for the course is superb as well as the learning community and the discussion forums of great help.The course has proven to be a very unique and useful opportunity for me and I will definitely suggest it to anyone interested in venturing into neuroscience either as a career or even just for knowledge basis.
This is indeed one of the best courses so far (and I have done quite a few). Clearly explained, thorough, lots of brain examples, models, focusses on the anatomy, (electro-)chemical operation and deals with many topic in depth. The topic of illnesses of the mind is in comparison somewhat less prominent, probably also due to size and length constraints of the course. I find this course very well worth the effort, and effort it will take indeed. Kudos to you Dr Leonard White for having made this !
The best on-line educational program i've ever attained. I would say tha was even better compared to other courses i have attained in classroom. Professor White is a true neurophilosopher, extremely articulated and very admirable for his knoweledge and his communicative abilities. I really enjoyed this journey (although quite difficult for my background) and i will certainly follow other similar programms by Duke University. Thank you so much for this invaluable journey in knowledge.
Excellent course. Apt also for begginners, but only people who have time and are willing to put all of their efforts and motivation into it. Dr. Leonard White is very patient, explains things very well. I would do the course again in order to review everything, as I am sure it would prove useful. Very interesting and motivating discussion prompts. Only downside is that in the tests, once we have passed, I would allow to see the answers. This would further enhance learning, I believe.
This is a really fascinating course, 'cuz it is organized in a way that students could truly get a lot out of it, though indeed great effort input is required compared to other courses.I started studying 'medical neuroscience' in order to preview for a biological psychology course which is to be taken next semester, and I haven't finished it yet, but I really can't wait to recommend this to everyone who is interested in the field of health and medicine.Prof. White is the best!
The course and its contents are absolutely superb. I love professor White and am thankful to him for putting in such bug chunks of information on this course. Unfortunately for me, I found it quite challenging. However, funnily enough, seeing as I still have a lot to learn, that makes me want to learn neuroscience -all the whats, hows, and whys, even more. I shall try again next time! Thank you so much professor White! Very, very much appreciated!
A  thoroughly organized course! given the time limit medical neuroscience topics were nicely covered Prof. leonard White is a very dedicated teacher and one can see his enthusiasm in neuroscience. I am glad to have an experience of teaching by Prof White through this course. A great teacher is the one who not only teaches but inspires. i am inspired and would continue to study in depth. Great teacher! Great human being! Thank you so much Sir!
With the unique guidance of Prof. White, I have not just brushed up my prior knowledge from medicine but also discovered fit to burst various inspiring aspects of studies in medical neurosciences. The clear curricula supported by tremendous learning material have provided me with quite an intensive, yet an achievable journey to live and learn. Now it is time to progress with the mentioned subsequent neuroscience project from the Duke team!
Thank you very much for one of the greatest neuroscience courses. I have learnt so much throughout 3-month duration. As a medical professional, neurosurgeon, the knowledge that you taught can fulfill the correlation between basic neuroscience and clinical application in my practice and academic teaching. I hope that all medical professionals who have to involve with medical neuroscience will have their opportunities to attend this course.
I think this course is very challenging especially for those who are not specialized in medical. However, the course is very fruitful for me to understand overview and details of significant knowledge on neuroscience. It might be better to buy the text book if you want in-depth understanding through all courses and success all exams because sometimes you can find advanced expertise in exams. Anyway, I DID IT!
Wow. It feels amaging to finally complete this 13 weeks or so long course. It tested me in all my domains. It was tough. Mr. White made it possible for me to pass the course. Being a medical doctor, i knew a lot of things as I thought beginning the course, but when I started doing this, it felt like, I just knew the tip of iceberg. I would anyone interested in neuroscience to undertake this course. Thank you.
This course has been my favourite online course so far! During the last 13 weeks I was able to comprehend various topics in medical neuroscience with the extraordinary help of Prof. White, who appeared motivated to teach in every single video, which motivated me even more to continue to broaden my horizons, deepen my knowledge and find another interesting fact about the most complex organ in the human body.
Amazing course ..... I almost packed it in week 3...... Thinking I could not complete it ... too hard. BUT I followed the professors advice and completed.  This course taught me how to to learn  and I am grateful. I recommend it to anyone who likes a challenge and seaks the neuroscience knowledge that this course provides. For me it was the toughest coursera course I have done.  DO IT !!!!!!!!
For my whole life i have been looking for something that will arouse my passion, Having complete Medical Medical Neuroscience at one of the best Institution, Duke University arose that passion,i am looking forward to coming back there and work with Professor Leornard White, thanks for the way you were in explaining those concepts, Hebbs Postulate and Synaptic plasticity to mention a few
I am grateful for taking this course. For the purpose of continuing my study to molecular neuroscience  from psychology, this Medical Neuroscience course has helped me understanding the basic principles as well as how to apply the knowledge practically. Although sometime it was difficult, I found the professor very interesting and encouraging. Thanks again for this learning opportunity.
Such a great, in-depth analysis of neuroscience as a whole. Extremely grateful that a professor, who's probably heavily occupied by daily life, went out of his way to assist in educating the world over regarding this fascinating topic. If you have time to spare and you've always wondered about how the brain works, this is a great starting point to begin one's journey into the brain.
A very comprehensive approach to the beginnings of neuroscience. Out of all the neuro related courses I have taken, this one was the most clear. There's so much knowledge and material, that you get for free. I really enjoyed the approach of Dr. white and could see the passion exuding from him. I highly recommend anyone planning to enter the healthcare field to pick up this course.
This course is the best course I ever took on coursera. Although I knew a lot about neuroscience before starting the course, the journey with Pr. White was amazing. The material and resources are very helpful and the mentors are doing a great job.Overall this is a great course both for beginners and professional in neuroscience/medicine. Thanks for puting up such a good module.
Easily the hardest and most challenging class I have ever taken. It goes deep into the brains structure, functions, processes. Many terms, definitions. The instructor almost seems like a genius as he shares his passion for the subject through the tutorials. He makes a good attempt to be fun and to keep a rhythm With the learning. Bring your A game, this is not an easy journey.
This course and certificate was beyond what I was looking for. It gave so much detail, hands on learning ability and application of the information learned. I value everything I have learned so much and have already put some into practice with my father who has Parkinsons. Thank you for making this course possible. It was fantastic and I would highly recommend it to anyone!
Brilliantly developed and taught! Even for beginners in the field of neuroscience like myself, the course material was very well suited. This course served as the perfect platform for me to look at Neuroscience as a potential field for obtaining a PhD in. Many thanks to all the developers, especially Prof. White. Your interactive sessions were what made it so interesting!
This course has changed my life, truly, I'm about to start a MS in neurology at my Uni (Oviedo, Spain) but I definitely think it's due to prof. Leonard White, he's smart, funny and brilliant in his job. Even though this is an online and distance learning course, he's such a cool professor. Thanks for loving your work and making others fall in love with neuroscience :)
The teacher is very good,he teaches very well.Show us the basic concepts,envolving to clinical charts.I have difficulty in classes with specimens.In general,the course is very embracing and we fineshed it knowing to identify many cerebral sctrutures, as well as their localization and funtion and all this provides a valuable knowledge about the wonderful human's brain.
Well worth the time put in to complete. The course deals with some very complex phenomena in a well structured, bottom-up manor that is attainable to anyone wanting to enter into the world of neuroscience. Prof. White does a great job of navigating through the many aspects and layers of neuroscience. It is accomplishing to complete and I would highly recommend.
This is an amazing and thorough course.  I can only imagine how much work and time was spent by the Duke University staff, especially Dr. White, to make this amazing course possible.  Thank you so much to each and every one of you that worked on making this a quality and interesting course available online at a reasonable price.  -Phil Morrison, Auxvasse, MO
This course is thorough and well-designed for learning. It connects the basic science with real-life applications. There's an additional course website that was created by a former student, and it has numerous additional resources. Dr. White's knowledge, open-hearted sharing, and enthusiasm for the subject are what make this a 5-star class. He's outstanding!
It's the best course about Neuroscience. The professor explain every single detailed of neuroanatomy, and he manage to relate the physiology and anatomy without trouble. At the beginin of each video, he get in you a summarize and that thing helps to argue for learning more. Unfortunately I don't have access to Sylvius, but it's easy to follow with tutorial.
Anyone interested in Neuroscience would greatly benefit from this course. Wonderful material and presentations. Further, the quizzes and exams stretch you and help you integrate it all together. The course isn't easy and requires a fair amount of time investment, but if you are really interested in learning more about Brain, it is a time well worth spent.
Excellent course! Dr White explains important concepts in neuroscience very well, especially great is the use of real brain specimens for anatomy teaching. Some prior knowledge is definitely required, otherwise the assignments would be very difficult. Ideal course for health professionals who want to deepen their understanding of neuroscience.
This course provided me a solid foudation for further study in Neuroscience. I'm a psychiatrist so I took greater interest in the final weeks of the course which discussed associational cortex. But having a thorough review of anatomy, histology, sensory and motor cortex gave me a broader understanding of brain function. Thank you very much!
This is the course I have been looking for! Dr. White makes neuroanatomy sound easy (and that is really hard to do). His jovial personality and vast knowledge makes this course extremely interesting and easy to digest. I will recommend for anyone interested in learning neuroscience at any level of academic development. Thank you Dr. White!
This course is a very practical and interesting dive into the world of Neuroscience. I especially enjoyed the lessons concerning the internal anatomy of the brainstem, because Dr. White evidently is an expert on this and many other topics. I am very grateful for the effort that him and his team have put on the development of the content.
This course is extemely challenging yet it's one of the most comprehensive courses on entire Coursera. Thank you Prof. White, Ellen, and entire team for this unique opportunity to learn more about the most fascinating body organ. I hope that completion of this course will give me additional points while applying to Duke Medical School :)
This course is the reason I am applying for the PhD program at UTSA for Neurobiology. I loved Dr. White's approach to the nervous system and the depth of detail and anatomy he taught. The course was challenging and inspiring. Thank you to everyone who made this course available to us learners for free, it made all the difference for me.
I'm so happy to enroll and finish this course! Professor L.White did an excellent complete course, the best I have taken on Coursera. If you don't have a background in Neuroscience, Biology, Physics, the course could be quite complicated, like it was for me, but it's possible to finish it successfully. I would definitely recommend it.
Incredible course, incredible professor! Taught in a way that makes the challenging and sometimes tedious material approachable and fun yet challenging and informative. Inclusion of clinical cases & other clinically-relevant info takes it to the next level and makes it highly applicable/relevant to today. Would strongly recommend.
Such a rewarding learning experience. This course has given me so much insight into the inner workings of the brain. I just want to thank Professor White for his wonderful teaching as well as all the members of the team that have made the online course possible. The interactive and social teaching method has been very enjoyable!
I initiated this course as part of my preparation as a neurosurgery resident. I learned more from this course than anywhere else. It covers very well human Neuroanatomy and Neurophisiology. I really recommend this course for people very interested in this field, otherwhise it may be a little overwhelming. I am really satisfied
Dr. White is an incredible teacher of an incredibly complex and fascinating subject.  It was the BEST course I have ever taken. If only I had him in college (a while ago) I would have changed my career goals. I will take ANY course that he offers in the future and most definitely give this course the highest recommendation.
It was an extremely well structured and informative course. Though I am not a medical student (in fact I am an engineer) it was easy to understand the complex issues because of the excellent teaching methodology of Prof White. I am motivated to take up additional courses in this wonderful and magical field of Neuroscience.
A wonderful experience and a journey. Absolutely love and appreciate the efforts put in by Dr. Len and the team at Duke University. The material was just the right amount and comprehensive. I would highly suggest to anyone who wants to learn about the thing that brought them here to this course (referring to your brain!).
What an amazing, in-depth course! I took a NAP (Neuro-Anatomy-Physiology) course back in 1988 and it was not this comprehensive in terms learning objectives nor in meeting the learning outcomes in the syllabus. Congrats Leo! It was equally a pleasure to see nature evolve in your back-yard during the learning program.
I am so happy that I've decided to take part in this course! It helped me to improve my knowledge for better understanding of complicated brain functions. It was a great plesure to spend time with professor White in his tutorials! I hope Duke University will make some other courses concerning Neurosciences :)
I really recommand this course : It's very complete (more than a course in French University !) ; very good motivating and engaging teacher, who had pleasure in teaching ; Very serious ; the quizzes change and are picky.I'm used to Mooc but THIS ONE IS EXCEPTIONAL, really at THE TOP ! Thank you Mr WHITE !
Excellent course, well taught and clear. It's very advisable to have a biology/medicine background. It helped me to watch the lessons with the speed increased by 2x, it made it more dynamical.  The Neuroscience Book 6 Ed you must get in order to profit the most from this course.Greetings from México City.
This is one of the best courses I have ever come across. I get to learn the A-Z of Neuroscience by practically getting to see stuff in real human brain specimen without having to be enrolled in a Med school. I feel highly grateful to the team that has put massive efforts to make this course available...
Amazing course with an amazing lecturer. It helped me a lot and even though I though that I was not ready for the challenge at the beggining of the course, I ended up learning and enjoying every bit of it! Thank you for this and I hope that my future in neuroscience will be as succesful as this course!
Excellent course!. It Is very complete and absorbing. It's really exciting to know that an important professor in the academy and research is giving you the course. It was hard! a lot of hours working and studying, but it was worth it!. I am sure this course help me a lot to in my road as a researcher
One of the best and comprehensive courses I've ever taken. Dr. White is an amazing lecturer who takes you step by step into the basis of neuroscience. I highly recommend this course as a start to any one pursuing this field. So much respect and many thanks to Dr. White for his great effort and work!
A fascinating journey through the brain and the spinal cord as we discover the pathways, networks and circuitry, discovering the basis of our function and being human. Neuroscience has been my interest since my childhood and thank you Dr. White and Coursera for this wonderful experience. Cheers!
It is just amazing! Had the opportunity to learn so much about the brain and its functioning. Made me become aware of the incredulous backstage processing that occurs to produce the simple ways that make us human and that we take granted for. Thank you Prof. White for the amazing journey.
It is only enough to thank each and every one of the people who have allowed us to access this course full of wisdom, passion and fun. A googolplex of thanks to you. Especially to our great teacher, Leonard. Thanks, you have allowed me to reinforce the love I have for the brain.
Very detailed and very informing, I learned a whole lot from this course, it contains very useful information and it is taught in an amazing way! Upon the completion of this course I developed a passion for Neurosurgery, and I think that's the specialty that I'm going to pursue!
this course is challenging, but it is 100% do-able if you are committed and really assign a purpose to doing well in this course. dr white is amazing and really knowledgable, there is so much to learn from him. there are also ton of resources for you to do well. you can do it!!
Great in many points! Sometimes very hard, but worth it.I would have love to have more courses on cognition and emotions.The videos are great and the quality of the course is truly enjoyable. The teacher is also great and is a very good speaker, easy to understand, to follow.
Really great content and teacher, and also really challenging. Hard work needed to succeed, but it's really worth it ! Recommend it for all person interested in understanding how the brain (and all the superior brain functions such as memory, cognition, emotions...) works.
Absolutely Fantastic course by Professor Len White... Highly recommended for anybody with interest in the field of Neuroscience as this course gives you a great basic concept and a depth of knowledge in the subject and continuously encourages to learn more and improve.
It has been an excellent experience, the course is really well organized and professor Leonard White is very good at explaining all neuroscience topics. Neurosciences fascinate me and I found this course the best course I have ever taken so far. I highly recommend it.
Excellent in-depth course.  Many great features, including very rich extra materials and study tools.  One annoyance: the infinite repeating of the "core neuroscience concepts" at the start of each little section (yes, we know the brain is complex!), but easy to skip.
Loved this course at a great extent. helped me learn a lot in fair depth. very very grateful to Mr. White for putting so much efforts in preparing this course for us. his love for the brain reflects throughout the course which makes it even more interesting to study.
I love this course!I enrolled in this course a year ago but cannot understand very well (I found it was an advanced course but I was just a beginner). Now I have read and learned more about Neuroscience and I finally finished this course. I feel very proud of myself!
An interesting and wonderful course, which gives a deep knowledge of the anatomy and physiology of the nervous system, and also reveals the mechanisms of different pathologies. It will be useful to both students and doctors. Thank you, Dr. White! You are the best!
Being a medical student, this course was an adventure! Dr. White is great at what he is doing so if you want to learn medical neuroscience and how brain works (Which is nothing short of magic) Then you truly need to go through this course under his guidance!!!
I am surgical resident from India very much interested in pursuing a course in Neurosurgery. This course has set the ground for my preparation. Dr.White is just amazing in explaining complex neurological concepts in a easily understandable way. Thank you !!!
Best online course I have ever taken (and it´s been quite a long list of them). Professor White made it all clear, easy to understand and quite a joy to study. Thanks for all the hard work behind this course. It was hard work but it was all worth it.
An out class course from Duke University Medical School. Prof Leunord White Is a well known authority on Neuroscience. Through his extensive research on Brain and Spinal cord anatomy he and his colleagues have prepared a lovely course for coursera.
This course is outstanding! A lot of complicated things are very accessibly explained. Regular links between anatomy and physiology really help not to get lost in brain complexity. I feel much more competent after listening to the lectures.Thanks!
I love this course. This course changes my mind regarding with Brain. Yes, this course will help me in my Research field. Thank you Dr. White and Course era to provide such a wonderful platform. Hope to complete this course as soon as possible :)
One of the best neuroscience courses out there. The professor is a gem and has put so much effort into the course. A massive amount of information that will serve me well beyond the length of Coursera. Thank you so much for this quality course.
I have no words for assessment the course. Thanks for all you've done for all of us. Doctor White is the best teacher I've ever seen in my whole life. There is an enormous amount of polite feelings during performing the tasks, Sincerely Ivan ;)
Structural, broad, extremely interesting and so much helpful in CNS work understanding. Thank you very much for the knowledge and inspiration.By the way, some of the universities already recognise this course as big plus for Msc application.
One of the best academic experiences I have ever had. It was really challenging at times, but very rewarding at the same time as you look back at your progress. I would definitely give it a try if you are interested in the brain sciences.
Great course! The tutorials are very complete and the lengthy explanations allow anyone without previous knowledge of neuroscience to join the course. There are also many opportunities and ways to interact with fellow students. Thank you!
The very value able efforts made by Professor White in Medical neurosciences, it is quite, sufficient materials for learners of medical graduates. I found this course a big challenge. Thanks To Professor Len White and the whole team.
Dr. White's classes are concise and very, very enjoyable. The syllabus is very complete and the overall course structure is excellent. I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to know the inner workings of the human brain.
Excellent course. The contents are explained in a clear and comprehensible way by Dr. White, who was a great instructor. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone deeply interested in the fascinating field of Neuroscience!
This is an outstanding course and Prof. White is a great teacher and his enthusiasm and passion for neuroscience and educating others is readily apparent. I would not hesitate to sign up to any other courses developed by this team.
This course was truly an amazing learning experience! The material was challenging, but as delivered by Professor White was an equally rewarding and understandable curriculum. Thank you for this experience in Medical Neuroscience!
this is a fabulous course with deep insight content as well as a professional team which is lead by an excellent professor, which could maximize the benefits for every students who want to explore the journey of the neuroscience.
Overall a great course. Sometimes it deviates into more experimental fields which is difficult to keep the pace, but afterward, you realize that these are still research topics and are not necessary to understand Neuroscience.
A Challenging and a course that really pushes you. The guys who have made this course have really out done them selves and I'm so greatful to be able to learn from them as it's really opened a new area f interest for me!
This is a challenging, amazingly interesting and inspiring course. It gives you great foundation in the subject as well as basis for practical application of knowledge. Many-many thanks to professor White and the Team!
THE BEST CLASS EVER..  In non Academic terms... "Da SH*et!"   -  Awesome really.  Thanks Dr. White for taking the time to really dedicate such awesome materials, and with such sincerity and passion.   George - Taiwan
Excellent course!!  I learned a lot!  It is quite technical and difficult at first, but there are many provisions that aid in learning.  So eventually, one gets the hang of it.  Kudos to those who set this up!
One of the best educational programmes I have ever had the pleasure of taking part in; this online course thoroughly put my own university course to shame and I highly recommend it to anyone wishing to learn.
Thank you so much for offering such a wonderful course ! Dr White has presented this course in such an engaging manner, that helped sustain the interest and curiosity throughout the course. Many thanks again.
Thank you for professor White and all other team members at Duke University and Coursera.I can learn a fascinating world of brain and plan for my next career in neuroscience. I owe it to you.Have a nice day!
I really appreciate this course and happy to pass it successfully. You will cover almost every aspect of medical neuroscience. This course helped me to enhance my visual and abstract neurological perception.
This was a fantastic course, very interesting and a real challenge! I thoroughly recommend it to those who know about medical science as those who don't will struggle. It was very hard work but worth it!!
A marvellous experience! I highly encourage you to enroll this course if you want to discover the complexity of our amazing brain! Thank you Coursera and Duke university for sharing this knowledge to us.
I am absolutely not working in the field of medical neurosciences (neither do I intend to), but I found the course amazing. Thank you very much for the pedagogic approach very clear and well constructed.
Dr. White is phenomenal and I learned more than I imagined I could. I look forward to using my newfound knowledge to help those in need and continue my journey further into the Neuroscience world. -Dr. B
Best course I have taken in Coursera so far. You have to work hard, but
it´s worth it. Dr. White
is one of the best professors I have ever had. He enjoys teaching, and he is a
passionate of his subject.
This was a fantastic course. It honestly changed my life in terms of the amount of knowledge it gave me, and the new interests that I've developed. Thank you Duke, Professor White, and all the mentors.
Completing the course is very time-consuming, but it helps to get a very good overview of the topic and new connections are constantly being made. A very complex topic is explained very clearly.
This is a top tier course, with medical knowledge presented in a way that's easy to follow. You can see the effort and dedication shown by Dr. White and his team. Thanks for such an amazing job.
It is a great
course, impressive didactics and variability from external sources.  I am very grateful for the opportunity. The
course is helping me to improve my knowledge. Thank you very much.
BEST COURSE EVER.Even though my brain almost exploded from trying to keep up, it was definitely worth it. I can proudly say that I gained more than I could ever have imagined from the course.
Such a great course! I am a neurosurgery resident and this helped me in neuroanatomy, neurochemestry and clinical practice! The videos are great and profesor White is just amazing to watch!
An excellent course for my medical specialty (physical medicine and rehabilitation) in which the knowledge of neuroscience are based on treatments aimed at neurological rehabilitation.
This course was really a fantastic experience. Professor White provided very well presented tutorials and his wealth of knowledge and commitment to teaching was very much appreciated.
I found this course extremely useful. It was exactly what I needed and expected. A structured study of the brain and the spinal chord starting at the cellular level. A perfect course!
Excellent  course . Thank you to Dr White and all the staff at Duke University. Will hopefully have chance to meet Dr White in person ito Thanks .Ignited by interest in Neuroscience.
A truly excellent course, presented in an engaging format by Professor Len White. Many new avenues are now open for me to explore as a result of gaining this new level of knowledge.
fantastically taught course. so well structured..thoroughly enjoyed the challenge and has motivated me to learn more in the field of neuroscience.Prof White is an excellent teacher.
Very nice course. I enjoyed and learned a lot! Just to give some comments to improve it, it will have been nice to have more clinical cases during the course. But, I like it a lot.
Very comprehensive and in-depth! Dr. White explains things nicely. A wonderful part of this course is that it always links the science of nervous systems to the clinical symptoms.
This is a very detailed and well-taught course. Prof White's enthusiasm for both the subject and teaching is apparent, and it's hard not to be infected by a love for neuroscience.
Amazing course, I am deeply grateful for having the opportunity to enroll in Medical Neuroscience and learn so much. Thank you very much, professor White and the rest of the staff
Excellent Professor , excellent course, I learned a lot, improved my knowledge, evolves a lot. I'm very grateful  Renato Bestetti , MD , Ribeirão Preto , São Paulo State , Brazil
Excellent course.A bit difficult though.all credit to Prof Leonard White for making such diff course interesting and understandable.Thanks to the entire team of DUKE UNIVERSITY.
Amazing course and very complete. I do not advise it to beginner students, since it goes very deep into the study of the brain. But I totally recommend for high degree students.
Big Thanks to Dr. White , Ellen Vos-Wisse & his team. This is the best course experience I ever had with MOOCS and offline-classes I attended. My heartful regards to Dr. White
Amazing. This is what my medical neuroscience course in graduate school SHOULD have been. Dr. White is an excellent instructor, and the supplementary materials are excellent.
Wonderful. You need a lot of motivation beacuse it is full of (great) content, so the "lazy days" may come, but even if you fail to finish this course it is totally worth it.
The best course I have ever studied through internet. I quit due to a matter of not enough spare time to devote. I hope I will be able to finish it in the near future.
I love the way Prof White explains the materials. It was not boring at all and I was able to understand easily. Thank you so much Coursera for providing this course!
Four months back, I barely knew few terms in the context of Brain. And today, I'm capable of diagnosing  neurological disorders. Immense amount of knowledge gained!
Very good course. Dr. White and his team did an excellent job making this seemingly daunting course into a more understandable and a more relatable one. Thank you.
Excellent course! Dr. White taught the neuroanatomy in a clear way and everything makes sense!  Really wish that there are more materials for neuropathophysiology.
Prof. White set the bar high for online courses. Solid teacher. Seems like a kind dude. And I learned a ton of stuff in a field I just started exploring recently.
Amazing content and seriously informative. Anyone who is curious about functioning of brain and its structure must take this course. It's very serious stuff.
It took me a lot of hard work to complete this course. But it's really a great course and I'm very glad that I make it to the end. Thank you Duke University.
Excellent Course .  Thank you  -Dr Leonard White and all his staff  at Duke University. You have ignited latent interest in Neuroscience  among many people.
I learned so much! One thing that became very obvious to me is that no matter how much I do learn, there is always more to learn about the brain! THANK YOU
It's a wonderful course, very helpful to my further study in neuroscience. Would be better if the captions of tutorial videos do not have so many mistakes.
Professor White is an example of real dedication and passion in the field of education. By far, this is the most  thoghtfully  organized course I've taken!
Awesome, demanding, and complete course for everyone that wants to take the firsts steps inside the deep and still unexplored cavern that is neuroscience.
It's a very challenging course especially for those without much background, but to pass it is rewarding. In fact, passing every quiz is rewarding as is.
Fascinating course.  I am a computer engineer but I decided to enroll out of curiosity and so far it has been a fascinating tour into this complex field.
Fantastic course for everybody who wants to get a view into this great topic. I'm studying Psychology at a German University and the course helped a lot.
By far, an amazing and incredibly outstanding course. I cannot express my gratitude enough. What an amazing and fulfilling course, I'm filled with joy.
One of the toughest course i ever had done before but its really amzing finally thanks to coursera which gave m a chance to be a part of this course,l.
Really complete course. I'm really thankful for Prof. White's work. I found a very complete course and a really dynamic and knowledge-seeking comunity
In depth tutorials and very clear lectures on the neurophysiology of the human central nervous system and how this helps to understand human behavior
If you're beginner in Neuroscience studies, then this is the place. Thanks to Duke University and Coursera for the wonderful opportunity of Learning.
So much interesting. Let me improve my own knowledge about the structure and function of the brain and I might to say that I am a neuro lover jejejj
Very interesting and challenging course. The instructor is very professional, videos are nice, real brain specimens are amazing. Highly recommended.
Professor Leonard E. White did a great job. I am really pleased to be taught Medial Neuroscience by Sir E. White. Thank You Sir, Thank You Coursera
Professor Len White made the entire course enjoyable.  The teaching tools he used was awesome!  I will recommend it to other friends and colleagues
I' d like to thanks dr White for the amazing way to teach and a Superb knowledge! He kept me very motivated throughout these quarantine weeks!
Loved every secondof this course, Prof.White is a truly professional and it`s been an honor to be his student even for a short period of time.
A great course integrating all the interesting aspects of Neuroscience! Thank you for providing the online learners with such a wonderful c :)
Probably the Best Pre-Med Science course on the Web Today! Filled with tons of info that easily rivals a university-level neuroscience class!
One of the best, if not the best online courses I ever have taken. It is demanding, as neuroscience is. But it deserves the effort, no doubt.
Excellent teaching from Mr.White and so proud to be student of him. Now i was very much interested to do further courses under his guidance.
Amazing course! It really expanded and deepened my understanding of (and love for) neuroscience. Professor White is an incredible teacher!
very informative, i am a neurosurgery resident and i learned a lot from this course. thanks to all of you for sharing such amazing course.
Just amazing! I am really grateful that I have such an wonderful opportunity! Dr. Leonard is one of the best lecturer I have ever seen.
This course was amazing and Dr White was an excellent teacher.  He continually encourage new ways of learning to stimulate our brains.
Excellent! I loved every single class. Not too dense, not boring at all. Very informative. I really loved it. Ideal for medical field.
It was such a wonderful experience, it was hard but i enjoyed it and i hopping that the certificate will help me in my medical career
Great course, many thanks to prof.White for your inactivity and curiosity throughout all learning videos, it was very inspirational!
excellent. awaiting the next edition of this course and  the announced course about neuroscience, perception, action and the brain.
Exploring the course to understand a bit more about neuroscience. Thank you so much to my instructors for instructing Ana Pelayo.
Extremely interesting, stimulating, providing great detail, well-organized as well as demanding and challenging. Simply inspiring
Thank you for wonderful course!! Great teaching and amazing quizzes and clinical cases!! It helped alot in my medical studies!!
Best course I have taken on Coursera! The material was very challenging but well taught! I would highly recommend this course!
Brilliant lectures - Excellent lecturer. Great topics and I truly enjoyed myself and advanced my knowledge! Thank you so much
This is a challenging and very rewarding course.It's super complete. Perfect for those who want to really learn about brains.
I love neuroscience and I am amazing that course! It's so complete!Thank you, Prof.White and team, for that opportunity.José
Excellent designed and instructive course. Dr White explains everything in a simple way, even if it is a complicate subject.
excellent tutor and the way he delivers  the lectures is amazing. teach in a calm and right speed.Thank you for great work.
i am a asistant of neurolgy and this course make me more reliziable. when i see a patient i can understand his/her mecanism
i really recommend this course to every medical student, in addition, i recommend dr najeeb and armando lectures on youtube
Great teacher and nice vertical vision (not very deep not very shallow). Just in the right spot for a introductory course.
Incredibly informative with the ability to work at your own pace.  Great instructor and helpful additional web resources.
Very challenging but quite informative. Time intensive. You do need to focus all your mental faculties to take it all in.
This course's appreciation is beyond words. I think it is the best course I have ever accomplished in my education yet!
my first course finished on Coursera.really a course with abundant material especially  those clear systematic images.
very didactic course, I thank the professor White too much for all the knowledge provided. Everything was incredible!
Great course. Very educational. I wish there were other free online medical-level courses of this quality available.
Absolutely Fantastic. It helped me immensely during my exam preparation. Thanks very much. The teaching was superb.
What a brilliant course! It was definitely exacting, but I'm glad I got through with Dr. White's amazing pedagogy.
Great course and great instructor, Dr. White! One of the most fascinating learning experiences that I've ever had.
Amazing from the very beginning to the last day, Thanks Dr Leonard White for taking us to this incredible journey
Really rigid structure. Challenging, yet fun!  Prof. White and team really put the effort in making this course.
Best course ever! it's worth the work for everything you gain, particularily those in all areas of health care..
I have learned a lot! Mr. White is an amazing teacher and I am looking for next courses under his supervision.
AMAZING! it was the happiest time in my educational life! It was not easy, but it was a wonderful jorney!!!!
Great course; excellent content; great teacher. Lots of repetition and enough time to digest new concepts.
one of the best courses on the neuroscince! Thanks a lot, that was extremelly infomative and fascinating!
This course was amazing. Dr White clearly has a passion for neuroscience and teaching.  Highly recommend.
True to his word, this is a very extensive course on medical neuroscience. Very well brought and thaught!
very recommended! highly useful to review all the anatomic and physiopatological key points on this area
A great opportunity to refresh your knowledge on Neuroanatomy, Neuronal signaling and relative pathways.
Amazing course to learn sth new  and exciting...... with great teachers and resource guidance..........
This class was hands-down incredible. Probably even life-changing. I couldn't recommend it more highly!
The brain is really interesting to learn. And this course is one step you should take to understand it
The best course! Very challenging, but incredibly interesting and provides lots of useful information
It is great for 1st year medical students! It really goes in detail for the subjects we need to know!
Incredible course. I would highly recommend it to everyone interested in the field of neuroscience.
Superb course! Helped me to "integrate" many aspects into more coherent understanding of the brain.
It's a great course of medical neurosciece, It's simple and dynamic and well explained by Dr White.
An excellent course. One of the best courses on neuroscience. Very comprehensive! Great Professor!
Excellent course. I learnt a lot of new things although I an assistant professor of neurology !
Excellent course! I advise to purchase the book (Neuroscience) to follow along with the course.
Thanks to enthusiasm of dr. White and his team this is the best online course I have ever taken
Amazing course but omg at the same time so demanding! but hopefully it will worth it! Thank you
Amazing. One of the best courses I have ever taken. Set me up for a Masters. Highly recommend.
I realy loved this course i have learnt alot from it and iam very thankful for doctor leonard
Best course I’ve ever taken! Dr. White makes difficult concept easy to understand. Thank you!
Excelent!! It is one of the best courses about Neuroscience that I've already take. Worth it!
It's crazy. This professor it's perfect for learn me "neuroscience".Thanks for this course.
Love the course! Learned & learning a lot! One of the best professors at the coursera.org!
amazing journey in Medical Neuroscience with the inspiring and dedicated professor White.
This course provides me not only knowledge but also comprehensive vision to my specialty.
More than excellent course. Thanks Dr White. I am going to miss your tutorials very much.
Wonderful course. I learned so much and I like the way that Dr. White teaches the course.
What a great great course. A very simple way to learn about escencials of neurosciencie.
Wonderful experience. It's the one like re-installing a brain to yourself step by step.
A great introduction to the basics of Neuroscience! It´s a lot of work, but I like it.
It's quite difficult for beginner in this field, but definitely good content to learn.
Really inspiring! Many thanks to Prof. White and his team for sharing their knowledge.
Superb. Dr. White's presentation style is the best I have ever seen. He is engaging...
Great instructor, and I love how he changes the environment he is in when he teaches.
wonderful teaching and loads of content and material which can be easily understand
A fantastic course with spectacular resources. Thank you so much for creating this!
Such an interesting course and with an exceptional professor - highly recommended!
Really helpful and the lectures were extremely useful for me as a graduate student
I highly recommend this course for those who want to get into the area of Brain.
The very best course I have ever come across! Congratulations to its idealizers.
I love science and this kind of courses make me love it so much more, Thank you!
The material is very challenging but interesting. Thank you so much Prof White!
I did not expect such a complete course. Thank you a lot. I benefited a lot ...
great course! challenging material that is presented in a very digestible way!
Interesting and insightful course that builds tangible and practical knowledge
World class teaching.  Making medical students' lives better since...2015-ish?
Very excellent and informative course. Definitely recommending it to everyone
I am very glad that I took this course and Dr. White was an awesome teacher.
This course teach us how to do the hardest surgery: to change our lifestyle.
I am excited to join this course... very intriguing professor and material.
Outstanding course! Quite a lot of content, but Dr White keeps one engaged.
Amazing course. Essential for your professional practice. Congratulations!
This is the first course which I really liked and I will go until the end.
very very good course refreshed the entire concept of the nervous system.
Excellent course. Very Informative and easy to understand and assimilate.
i have juste started the course and i find it very interesting and useful
Simply the best Neuroscience course I've ever taken. Totally recommended!
It took ages for me to learn from books. This is definitely the best way!
the most amazing neuro course i have ever seenthanks for greet knowledge
Hard work.Knowledge. Enjoy. Thinking. Great professor. Great experiece.
A course with many content and kind of hard to learn but it's worthful
This was an awesome experience.   This course is a MOOC masterpiece!!!
Excellent to start learning about the brain and really well explained.
It's useful. And I have learned many new knowledge about neuroscience.
Amazing! The Professor is very active and wishes the best for everyone
This is an incredible resource for learning or reviewing neuroscience.
The best course I´ve ever seen, with the very best professor.Thanks
excellent teacher, the course is interactive and quite interesting
Great course offered by Dr. White and his team at Duke University.
Love This. The best course in neuroscience. Many thanks Dr. white.
Excelent! For Latin America, we need more traductions in spanish!
Challenging and well done. Thank you for the learning experience.
Many such interesting things to learn ! Decidedly I love neuro ;)
excellent course, but you need a very good basic on neuroscience
This course is very interesting an others words brain booster!!
It's great! Thank you for the very good and important work!)))
The most comprehensive course I've seen so far. Thanks a lot.
An excellent, in depth course with tons of learning material.
Already finished the first week of study and work. Amazing.
An excellent Course, a very inspiring and effective tutor!
This method of teaching is just phenomenal :)﻿ Thank you.
Great lectures and a fantastic tutor. Highly recommended
My first and the most precious experience with coursera.
One of the best courses I´ve enrolled in my entire life.
I loved each and every bit of the lecture and the videos
best course I have ever attended both online or in class
Really  interesting course designed in a very nice way.
Very complete and useful course, excellent instructor.
I love it!!!!!! it was an awesome experience....!!!!!
An excellent course, complete, and a great teacher.
The best course in Neuroscience!Strong recommended!
Very well laid out and taught clearly by Dr White
Comprehensive, Challenging, Excellent lecture.
best course I ever completed, thank you prof.
I am so excited for this corse. Vary thanks!
A very demanding and a very rewarding course
Very Good, I could have used more time. Than
Amazing course. Thank you very much Leonard.
Absolutely Fantastic and Interesting Course!
It is a very interesting and useful course.
A very useful course for my future studies.
Loved this course. Dr. White is phenomenal!
The best online Medical Neuroscience course
Short, informative lectures. Well taught!
Wonderful course, thoroughly enjoyed it.
Very important course for professionals.
A tour of the brain. Should be mandatory
Very difficult, but highly interesting)
Wonderful instructor and course content
Incredible course! Thank you Dr. White!
Really thorough, challenging and fun.
oh my godthis course is mind blowing
Exceptional, e-learning at it's best
Very profound and useful! Thank you!
Great source of learning resources.
Incredibly informative and helpful!
great introduction to neuroscience
Thank you, Professor White & team!
i love this course very very much
It was very useful course for me.
Very informative and explanatory.
Greatcourse.Lovedeveryminuteofit
Very beneficial course Thank you
very informative and fascinating
An excellent course for anybody.
Exceptionally excellent quality,
The best course of neuroscience.
Great course! Amazing professor
Incredible learning experience!
Challenging course worth 5stars
Thorough, in-depth, conceptual
It's the best free course ever
Way to enjoy the neuroscience!
the best course I've ever had
Very Interesting. Thank you.
very detailed and thoughtful
Great course great lecturer
It is soooo helpful for me.
Very didatic and complete.
Challenging and worth it.
i am loving it. Thank you
Hard work! But worth it
Very eloquent teacher.
Very nice explanation
High quality course!!
Super Awesome Course
Tough but excellent.
It is just Great.
Splended course!
Nice to work.
life-changing
The Best!
