I completed all tasks, ut I could not  obtain any certificate.
it got way too technical and mundane.
TLDR: Good course content, mediocre way of teaching, but evaluation criteria may disappoint you.My first and biggest concern here is grammar being an evaluation criteria for the peer-graded assignment. Coursera says that there's NO PENALTY FOR GRAMMATICAL ERRORS as English is not everyone's native language. Then how is Duke University allowed to include grammar as an evaluation criteria? I can't believe someone rated my grammar less, despite having my document run through Grammarly (and funnily, the person who wrote feedback in the box had way worse English than mine). It's simply because if you give people a chance to be a Grammar-Nazi, they will be one, without any hesitation.My second concern is the professor's way of teaching. He is extremely knowledgeable without a doubt, but isn't engaging at all. Lectures seem like a monologue. There are several other courses on Coursera where there are prompts in between lectures like text boxes or polls, to engage students and help them keep up with the instructor's pace.Coursera, if you're reading this, don't forget to take a look into these.
Nice course but the peer assignment is awful.
Very good technical and economical knowledge about the oil and gas industry. But, the course should contain some notes (pdf or powerpoints).
The material itself is quite comprehensive, short, and acts as a good introductory course for beginners. The reason I gave the course 3 stars is due to its grading scheme for the final report. I applaud the course administrator's in attempting to create more collaboration amongst students and providing learning opportunities through the peer review system. However, the peer review system does not seem very effective at the end of the day in judging an individual's learning outcomes and grading individuals in a constructive manner. Some course participants merely submitted empty files, or even entirely plagiarized materials - and most of the time, the system is extremely easy for participants to game by simply giving one another good scores. The assignment submitted by participants is not that lengthy to begin with. I believe it would be better if there are designated administrators or mentors that can oversee the grading of the final assignments and leave some constructive feedback for participants.
In my opinion the positive thing of this course is bringing a very important area to Coursera. But there are some things that I believe could and should be improved. First, Duke has presented courses that have a lot of content, and it is a bit disapointing to only see two modules on this course. At least four modules should be presented. Also the weekly content should be more extended. In most parts of the course there are a lot of technical concepts, and the course lacks any type of resources. It should had been included the lecture slides and also external sources for further student development. Just having the videos to learn doesn't provide - again in my opinion, a very engaging learning experience. A small detail - in part of the course page the course is entitled Oil & Gas Industries, while in another place is entitled Oil & Gas Industry. A small detail but it should be corrected. This is my opinion.
It could have been more detailed like the explanation about Brent and WTI. Process could have been made more simpler to understand.
The explanation of the topic is so fast to get understand.
Quite superficial. Lecturer constantly reading a script.
Just awesome course very helpful for petroleum engineer.
Its a lot of information clubbed into a small course.
This course could have been a  bit more interactive.
Very good and very knowledgeable course 👍👍
It was quite slow
It is a very good opportunity for me to refresh my understanding over the whole petroleum industry value chain, from upstream exploration and production to downstream refining and marketing. The overall structure of the course is very good, my only suggestion is that it will be even greater if Dr. Pratson could instruct the lecture with daily speaking English instead of reading the formal written English from the  prompter.
Good Course to get an insight on how things work in the Oil and Gas Sector.
Good course for basic understanding of the oil and gas market.
This course was very informational. I learned a lot about the oil and gas industry. It was easy to follow and sufficient for understanding key concepts. However, I had a big issue with the final assignment. I submitted it three times. Since it's peer graded it caused quite a lot of trouble. I had some people rate me poorly- by saying I didn't include certain information, when I know that I included all required information. I think that the people reading my submission either didn't comprehend the information, or blatantly didn't read it. This caused me to fail and need to submit a second time. At the time of the second submission my computer glitched and didn't send in the document in pdf form. Three of the four students rated the assignment highly- one student rated it all 0s because it wasn't in pdf format causing me to fail a second time. I've now submitted it a third and am hoping for it to be accepted... Overall it has been very frustrating. Good content. Frustrating final assignment that you NEED to pass to earn your certificate.
This course is great for all types of people who want to learn about the Oil and Gas industry in detail. The organization of the course allows students to learn and understand concepts step by step. I would recommend all those who are involved or would like to be involved in the oil and gas industry at any level to take this to have a clear understanding of the bigger system they are part of.
Gained some great insights on conventional oil & gas exploration, processing, costs, pricing & future markets of unconventionals#insightful #resourcefulWould have been great if the pace could have been a bit slower as a lot of information was rushed upon, especially in the exploration part. But hats off to Lincoln Pratson for the training and many thanks to him for sharing the knowledge.
Very detailed yet covers alot of subject matter. Professor is precise and detailed about each topic, while giving good examples. I would recommend this course to any person wishing to get a good snapshot of the Energy Sector and wishing to make a career with any number of direct or indirect companies involved in this industry.
Coursera : request you to add more such course related to Oil & Gas Lincoln Pratson (Duke Uni) : Many Thanks to share such a good knowledge about O&G sectorLearner : if you studied  / studying  economics, business, geography, public policy, environmentalsciences, this course would be a great choice.. Good Luck & Keep Learning
It was a great experience for me . The course is very important for me. Many important topics discussed in this course. As I am mechanical engineering student ,I was too much interested from the beginning of this course. I would like to thanks to "Duke University". And also I would like to thanks to Coursera.Regards.
The course gives a good overview of the Oil & Gas sector. However, in my opinion of engineer, it is too simplified. I would have appreciated to go more in details of the processes and the markets linked to each application. But, Prof Pratson gives a really good explanation and it motivates to follow the course.
It is an excellent course which gives a brief overview of how oil
and gas industry works, how prospects are discovered, how drilling is carried
out, how revenues and profits are generated, how the prices of petroleum
products are determined etc. A must take for beginner level aspirants of energy
sector.
It is a great course. It has many advantages . It also acknowledge our about this hole course. It also gives a batter knowledge about oil & gas industries and it's market opportunities. As I'm 1st year student it gives a brief overview of oil & gas industry. Really, I is a very helpful course.
wonderful course, systematically cover the flow chart of the O&Gd industrial, with analysis of details !!!!  basically the course make me procure  a whole picture of this industrial and specific rules underlying in it.But the it maybe dull a little bit if you are not interested in this topic.
I like the fact it was a free course. However, the project at the end was a bit more burdensome than the rest of the course would lead one to expect. I would like to see the course made longer and to have followup courses as well. Nevertheless, it was clear, straightforward and interesting.
The course is good. However, for the last assignment, I think it will be hard and does not know how to commence the work if you come from the other field such as lawyer or doctor. It should have some example and guideline for creating the company profile for the customer.
Excellent course with very clear insights on the Oil & Gas Industry, its operations and the markets in which these companies have to operate. It provides a good overview on the downstream as well. Very much liked week 2 where the economics are explained. Very well done.
Excellent introduction to oil and gas industry operations and market dynamics. Personally I don't think I am going to be able to remember the nuances of the demand and supply explained here but now I know where I can look for this information when I need it again.
I've been studying oil and gas in my MSc programme. This short but concise course has really helped narrowed most of the things I've studied into summary. The marketing aspect was the only new knowledge but I've really enjoyed the lecture and quizzes.  Thank you
This course covers all details about the Oil and Gas industry keeping in mind the US based model. The only part it lacks a bit of information is refining process of crude oil to get various petroleum products is a bit brief and not detailed.
Really an informative course and highly recommended for all professionals working with oil & gas to get an E2E picture of the overall activities. The instructor has used good combination of the visuals, graphics to explain the concept.
The course was very well taught and managed, it was also very much interesting but the corner in which it can be improved little bit is to provide notes of all videos in pdf so a learner can also review it later when needed.Thankyou
This course briefly elaborates on the essential aspects of oil and gas sector in an easily understandable manner..much useful for enhancing one's career. Thank you Duke university and Prof.Lincoln Pratson for your beautiful lectures
It is really a very good course, especially for someone like me who is a still a sophomore in petroleum engineering and would love to know about the intricacies of the industry of which he is going to be a part in the near future.
It's a very interesting course . it covers the most important parts of Oil and Gas Operations and Markets.very helpful to understand the Oil and Gas Industry. I'm glad to complete this course successfuly and i recommend it.
It could be improved with more knowledge related to the oil and gas industry and it should have more peer-graded assignments, and it could be improved by having at least a group assignment to improve teamwork ability!
Great class. The final peer-graded assignment needs more guidelines on what the format should look like. This causes the grades from peers to range greatly based on what each person thinks it should be.
Being my first finished course, I found it very easy to follow. Though I would include one last chapter with some updated information, since many things have changed  since it was recorded in 2015
A short clear course giving an overview of the oil and gas industries with its extraction,operation, distribution and sales.It's a beginner friendly course with clear explanation and a good quiz.
This is the best course for someone in oil/gas industry. This course only clear basic operations of oil/gas industry but also gives you fundamental knowledge about Oil/gas industry marketing.
it's an interesting overview of the oil and gas industry and market. I'd have appreciated if it was longer than it is. Maybe, if they add another chapter about the economy it'd be better.
At some stages the instructor is blocking viewers from seeing Diagrams properly. Instructor at some point explains a topic in short & rapid manner which results into poor understanding
This course gives a nice insight into the oil and gas industry, even if the student has no prior experience with it. However, the focus on the US was a bit redundant at times.
Good but it is not deep enough, I would like to see a course focused on engineers that look for a course to acquire deeper knowledge.But I am glad with this course, good job!
Good course. Rarely, the lecturer goes too fast, or does not stop to explain a new concept. Happened a couple times. But, I gained valuable insight from this course.
This course contain current and global information about Oil and Gas Industry. In my opinion, is necesary implement excersices about real problems for all modules
Excellent course, especially for people practicing in the oil and gas industry. Gives you a clear view of various factors that affect operations in the industry.
The  Professor  way of explaining was very Unique .This Course is very good for beginners Specially Who are interested to start  their    Job oil and Gas sector.
Very good overview about the Industry, but information is too little, perhaps providing some more indepth insight towards the end of the course could be better.
this cours present the upstream midstrem and downstream of the oil and gas in all details. so it will important for every students and worker in this sector.
The course I choose which related to my department and it is useful to know more concepts related to oil and gas exploration costs etc.. And then marketing.
Great Course!I would prefer if it contains more demonstrative slides and reading materials, so it would be easier to absorb these interesting information.
Lincoln Pratson is an eminent personality and the way he delivered the course is pleasant and insightful. Thanks, Coursera for featuring such instructors
This was really a great experience. A course taught by a valued teach. I learn so much about oil and gas industry , i'ts very helpful  for the futur
It's a great basic course that will help you understand the oil and gas industry from scratch. You do not need any previous formation on the topic.
Great course for beginners into the Oil and Gas Market. Enjoyed learning from Mr. Lincoln. Would love advanced courses of the same topic! Cheers!
Very helpful in understanding the oil and gas market operations. The precise contents were arranged and taught very nicely by the instructor.
please make a list of doing jobs related with oil and gas for petroleum engineer throughout the worldplease send me at saisonuhoney@gmail.com
Well prepared material for training and explain in a simple way that you can understand easily even if you are not oil and gas qualified
Thank you so much to this course, it was amazing course. Thanks to the professor who gave us this course and thanks to Duke Unoversity..
It would be better if it was a little bit interactive or talkin a bit slower. Some data were hard to get in monotonous and fast speech.
The course content is very good but the professor is not charismatic and in overall it is not well produced as other courses i´ve taken
Excellent course providing brief introduction to energy markets. I would request to review reserves section as per SPE PRMS guidelines
Information provided is enough for introduction. I was expected something more detailed information about cost and commercial part.
it is an amazing course.you should really take it.it provides you with the needed knowledge fundamentals in oil and gas industry.
A Brilliant Course to ignite the Elixir Fire in the minds of Young Professionals. Well Structured course is Amazing to experince
good course for chemical engeenering students to know fundamentals of oil & gas industry Operation & its market evaluation
A course with a high quality content to learn basic topics about operation, but mainly the markets of Oil & Gas industries
It is a good course for any one interested in the field of oil & gas industry and all the processes associated with them.
actually this module covers most common points in oil and gas industry and touches each side in that sector..good work
Very insightful. Introduced me to the basics of the oil and gas industry having no experience at all at the beginning
Brief informative course on the industry, especially helpful for people outside the oil and gas industry or students.
it's a good start for those who interested in this field , and an excellent review for petrol Engs and geoscientists
Indeed a good course but the instructor only reads watching our face. The course needs to be presented more better
The course have been a eye opening to all aspects of the oil and gas industry and it will help my career growth.
Nice course for people who want to have a overview of oil and gas industry from upstream to downstream business.
I have learned about various operations performed in oil and gas industry as well as marketing of the industry.
Very informative course prepared in a concise manner covering the current operations and market of O&G sector.
Course goes through  basics of  Upstream Midstream and Downstream oil and gas  industries also its Markets.
I would recommend this course to anyone whos is willing to gain knowledge about the Oil and Gas industry.
A very informative and brief course that is useful in enhancing knowledge regarding oil and gas markets.
Good Course, but should have drilling and exploration aspects from other countries instead of only USA.
Great course. I'd like to see each topic treated taken as a specialized course of its own. Thank you.
Very good material but i would like to see more info. It would be better if the course had more weeks
Course give good knowledge of the oil and gas industry operation with different departments thanks..
very gratifying course which can enhance the skill and knowledge of oil and gas industry operations.
Very good and informative. Haven't finished it yet, but I know it is great value already.Thanks!
Good to get a (basic) overview of Oil & Gas operations. Very insightful. Very good instructor
The course content was excellent. But it would have been better if it was made a bit harder.
Worth spending 2 weeks to get the basic insights of the Oil and Gas industry and cost trends
The submission can be changed into an assignment which will help get a more nuance picture.
wonderful experience I have gained a great Experience from enrolling to this course ,thanks
Great Course for Veterans and Newcomers to the Oil and Gas Industry. Highly Recommended.
Very good course, but not much of emphasis was out on downsteam and industrail products
Thanks for the industry perspective and the end assignments really had to be the best.
the course duration is 2 weeks. The number of hours is less. I expected more hours.
I would expect in deeper details of each session, but good overview of the industry
gives essential knowledge of the industry in general. Yet valuable starting point.
it was very good course for everyone who is related to the oil and gas industry.
it is a very nice course. I would like to encourage everyone to take this course
More detail on the economics and pricing side would have been even more useful
It is a good course overall,I have learnt some valuable information.Thank you.
A very good foundational course in the Oil and Gas sector. Highly recommended.
I learnt a lot of new things through this course. The course is very detailed
Very Interesting course with good breakdown of workload and excellent videos
Excellent module for introduction and understanding to O&G upstream projects
i hope i can get scholarship and get a better job after complete this course
highly recommendable, it allows you to have an overall view of the industry
Everything is awesome about except they give much importance on U.S only .
Excellent course, leaned the Nuances of Oil and gas operation and Markets.
Very informative course. I was able to learn so much in the two weeks.
Unclear pronouncement of many words. This is compensated by subtitles.
It was a well structured course. I have learned a lot in this course.
Sometimes the efforts of others makes life easier for us than th
Really Good, Worth for Oil and Gas sector guys, don't miss it.
it is a powerful course thank you for the valuable information
Very good course, help me to complement my learning in English
very good course and basic idea about the oil and gas sector.
Imparted the accurate knowledge! Thank you Professor Pratson
A good summary of Oil & Gas Industry Operations and Markets
This course is very important for my expirience and my job.
Love the instructor. He is eloquent and very knowledgeable
Informative course on the oil & gas upstream and markets.
Excellent course to acquaint with Oil and Gas Industry.
It would be good if there is more practical activities
Great course to understand the oil and gas industry.
Good one. The lectures are crisp and informative.
an excellent course about oil and gas industry
Great course for beginners in oil industry!
good brief course about petroleum industry
beneficla who works in oil and gas sector
its a very good app to learn much more
Really interesting and comprehensive.
well understand course & Easy module
it very nice cource about education
Well crafted and descriptive course
It was awonderfull learning jeorney
Very interesting distance learning
add more course on the same field
Learned a lot! Great experience
sir, this is very informative.
This is a wonderful course
was very well explained
Good course ever..
helpful and clear
This is a brilliant summary of all aspects of the Oil & Gas industry. Each section is clearly presented with high quality videos, and I felt as if I was in front of the professor. This course may be considered for beginners but even for well experienced professional such as myself (more that 22 years in the downstream segment) it is a welcomed refresher of the industry as a whole. I highly recommend this course
Very rich and informative course. This course provides an exhaustive introduction towards the Oil and Gas market, it covers all the factors and parameters with great detail. Enjoyed it thoroughly!
All lessons were brief, concise and straight to the point.  Mr Pratson was so professional! I enjoyed every bit of the course. Thank you Mr Pratson, Thank you Duke University, and Thank you Coursera.
It was simply excellent! Very clear and comprehensive. Really gave a good overview of the oil and gas sector. The professor's voice was also very clear. He was well spoken. I learned a lot. Thank you!
Great course to help you learn about the industry.  It will really help me in my career path.
Good presentation.Happy to get a lecture from Prof. Lincoln Pratson
Very interesting. This course offer an useful overview of Oil & Gas industry, covering all relevant aspects.Even the Coursera platform support wonderfully videos and lessons.Emanuele Volterra
GREAT COURSE i ever learned across domains. This is a best course for non-OIL/GAS professionals because this course truly convert them into domain expertise upon successful completion. Syllabi is so rich and in-depth which comprises of all areas of strength and weakness / risk around upstream, midstream and downstream. And, the demand supply dynamics and pricing impact across geographies etc., are insightful. Professor is kind enough to share his knowledge generously and his passion towards lecturing this subject is creating wow effect. I felt fulfilled now.
From this course I have learn much more information regarding the drilling sites, production , reservoir contents and more specially Economic price rise and fall in this industry. I thank to Coursera
Thank you for organizing such an excellent course which is essential for a young ambitious students who want to build their career in this industry
An exceptionally well-taught course.
I was very happy with this course. Gave me a good insight into the business side of things in O&G. Strongly recommended if you want to find out a little bit about O&G and are new to the industry.
Excellent course, especially for people practicing in the oil and gas industry. Gives you a broader view of various factors that affect operations in the industry. I highly recommend the course.
The Course gives really a good insight about oil and gas operations and markets, the  content is sincerely appreciable the way it covers every aspects.
This course is very helpful to gain knowledge regards to oil and gas. The charts and contents they have made are in good series.
This course contains outstanding knowledge of petroleum industry. As a Metallurgist, the content is so advantageous for me.
best course for petroleum and gas engineering student. i learn a lot of things which i haven't learnt at university
Good course for basic knowledge of Oil and Gas Industry, excellent approach for online courses.
This course gave me a good overview of Oil and Gas industry. Its market and operations.
It was a great learning and the insights of the oil and gas industry.
a very interesting topic covered in a very precise and accurate way
Quite interesting. A good introduction to the subject.
Interesting course about oil and gas industry
Great course, fare better then expectations!
Good overview, very informative content
Great course, I learned a lot
great Oil an gas learning!
First of all, I
would like to thank Duke University for providing the course and the coursera
platform. Thank you.Since I liked the
Oil & Gas industry, I did mine engineering, because here in Mozambique
there are no universities that can teach petroleum engineering.I really appreciate
the classes, as I was able to learn a lot about the Oil & Gas sector. I
already have many answers for the exploration and production of Oil & Gas,
I learned a lot about processing and refining, as well as transportation. But
what caught my attention the most was the Oil & Gas market, it is amazing
how oil is related to a country's economy, how a large producer of Oil &
Gas can change the price of the final product.I already had
notions about how advances in technologies could change the world, but seeing
how the Oil & Gas sector has changed was impressive.I already knew that
oil and natural gas are non-renewable resources, however, getting to know that
with the reduction of the cost of extraction and the increase in the sale
price, new reserves can be explored, was something very interesting.Thank you so much
for learning.Sorry for my English
For those already in the industry, it gives immense detail of what the Oil & Gas industry is all about and makes decision making more objective as a non-Geoscientist/Engineer. I learned more about Oil prospecting and the geology of various oil reservoir and how it affects the economic reserves of a business. Also learnt how oil and gas mining can be effectively done to enable profitable exploitation before a well is considered uneconomical or plugged. Different pricing structures and how prices vary in the world was also another important knowledge gained in this Course. For those who are new to the Oil & Gas industry, this is a must-attend course, it prepares you for the challenges ahead. For those already in the industry, it allows comprehension of the industry easier and makes decision making more objective as a non-Geoscientist/Engineer
The course is really build well to provide the complete overview on Oil and Gas Industry and operations and is very useful to know how the Oil and Gas prices are currently being controlled. I would recommend this course for every one to go through so that they can understand importance of power industry in the current situation which the world is facing currently considering pandemic Covid 19 situation. This course will help even for all the government and corporate leaders to   understand how they should manage their existing reserves of oil and gas economically to safeguard the life of the current living and will make them to plan better for future lives.
Oil and gas industry operation ..This is very interesting course..because i'm a petroleum engineering enthusiast...This course helped a lot to explore about the oil and  gas industry operations like-Exploration,production, processing and refining and lastly transport...It gave me knowledge about  how the crude oil extracted from the oceans and the further process...I will say its a great opportunity to learn with such  good tutors of Reputed institutions like one DUKE UNIVERSITY...I  will say don't miss the opportunity to learn this course..Best wishes! Ahead..
this course was very helpful for me to understand the basic knowledge about the generation , migration of petroleum ,the petroleum system , present situation about oil and gas in the world of different region ,  prices of oil and gas , oil and gas reserves , drilling technique , processing of oil and gas , Gasoline and diesel importance .as a student of geological sciences , all the information i have learnt in this course was helpful for me to further learning about petroleum industries which will aid more skill for working in the future.
I found the course excellent. Its content and flow of information is very knowledgeable. This course provides valuable insights into highly complex oil gas sector integrated operations and marketing, learning on entire value chain from exploration, evaluation, production through refining, transport and markets in the exact way as the business operates.   My special thanks to Lincoln F. Pratson from  Duke University for his dedicated teaching and making us learn fine points of the hydrocarbon sector operations & markets.
Although is a short course, is an excellent beginning to the oil and gas industry process, with less than 5 minutes per video, the professor explains all the concepts in an easy way, and the quizzes help to reinforce the learned concepts. With this course you can learn how the hydrocarbons are extracted from the reservoir, which characteristics defines the price of oil, natural gas and gasoline, which products are derived from petrol and the effect of crisis in one of the most profitable industry of the world.
Many thanks to Duke University and Professor Pratson for such an interesting course! It was intensive and productive for me and fullfiled all my expectations. So this course gives a student broad pattern of international oil and gas markets, supported by statistical meters. What is more it gives a broad description of oil and gas production and refinery without deeping in much chemistry and physics. The final project is also very interesting and would be a nice attachment to a person's portfolio.
In my opinion the course was well developed because it is an overview about what is and means the oil and gas industry from the main characteristics of the petroleum, its extraction until the comecialization but at the same time the course had enough time to talk about the legal and economical structure of an oil and gas company. 
In a few word, this is a pretty well introductory course in this area. Now, it is importan create another course more specific. 

Thanks to educate and my best regards.
Excellent coverage of the entire value chain in the oil and gas industry. The course covers both the technological and the commercial aspects related to oil and gas. Additionally, the course also provide an overview of the future prospects of the oil and gas industry. The peer review assignment is one of its kind as it involves a extensive research about the company and while reviewing your peers work you get information about a lot of oil and gas companies spread across different geographies.
Most valuable knowledge about Oil and Gas Industry throughout the series from bottom to top of the industry,As a worker in Oil and Gas firm which is really enjoyable to me all the sections and I have taken this opportunity as as valuable asset which attained in this Covid-19 era,.I here express my sincere gratitude to the Coursera, Farook College, Duke University , Mr.lincoln Pratson (The lecturer)  and my dear friend Mr.Mohammed Mubarak who have invited me to join for this course.
As a fresh chemical and biochemical engineer looking for jobs or pursuing my graduate degree, I found this course insightful as it provided an overview of the entire gas operations in addition to markets. I concluded that crude oil processing or unconventional resources are possible fields of interest. The videos were concise, well explained and supported with graphs and visits to sights or showcasing of shale rocks. I enjoyed this course and finished it in less than a week!
Overall, The course is very informative and its the best time, when we can explore the insights we gained from the course. On looking towards the current scenario of the oil and gas market, as we all know the market has hit its lowest. This course helped me better understand the situation of the oil prices downfall.I recommend the people interested to learn about the oil and gas industry to take the course and broaden their perspective towards the oil and gas industry.
The oil and gas industry operations and markets were very effective course which covers most of the point used In the industry and also
give the bright explanation about the process of the operation and you can
easily understand the upstream and downstream, the marketing of the oil and
gas, at the end this course add to me the knowledge and highly recommended it is
powerful topic if you want to complete the image of the oil and gas industry. 

Sincerely, 
Emad N Masri
Great course with excellent experience. I already have a graduate diploma in Oil & Gas Management and this course has added some knowledge in the oil & Gas market to my industry and management knowledge.I will recommend this course for anybody without the industry knowledge and to anybody who wants refresh his/her thoughts in the industry operation and how the oil and gas market are controlled by different factors, location and government policies and taxes.Thank you.
I think the course offers a very concise and helpful foundation for the knowledge of the oil and gas industry. The teaching method and platform was something I appreciated most, because of its flexibility and, in the meantime, its discipline in terms of fundamentals of the domain. While progreesing with the course readings, I was happy to see I was able to maintain a good level of conversation with professionals from the oil and gas industry. Gook luck, to all of you!
This course is fantastic.Before starting this course i was having professional experience in the field of operation and market in Mari petroleum company limited but after the completion of this course i am sure about myself that i am having some more insight of the oil and gas and can lead the company to have good rank in market share.Once again this course is an excitement too  for  me and i will further want to have much more courses on coursera.
I came into the program with no knowledge about the course. But, i was confident i could make something great out of it. At the end, the program exceeded my expectations, i was able to learn more and acquire knowledge around Oil and Gas Industry Operations and Markets. I recommend this to anyone whose looking at adding up to what they have studied. Today, I'm in a great position to add my voice to the growing concerns and the growth of Oil and Gas.
Very interesting course concisely covers the most relevant information about the oil and gas business for my purposes. I am an Inside Sales Engineer involved in market identification, prospecting, and development of new business. My education is in Chemical Engineering and I work for a manufacturer of electric actuators for operating control valves and other field devices in manufacturing industries. Thanks! Highly recommended to my colleagues.
I have been trying different sources to gain insight into the Oil and Gas Industry. The fall of WTI crude price below zero amidst the Covid-19 crisis and Oil war confused me. This course by Mr Pratson covers complete information on this industry from exploration to market. The course best explains how the price changes and what are the driving parameters. The best thing about this course is that it covers more information in less time.
An excellent course! Each section is very well structured and contains all the necessary details and information needed for a strong all-around understanding. Professor Pratson is an excellent educator and speaker. The course is very easy to understand and all the materials are presented in a clear and practical manner. I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to quickly grasp all the Oil & Gas basics.
I would like to thank Professor Lincoln Pratson, from Duke University, for sharing part of his experience, teaching a lot about "Oil and Gas Industry: Operations and Market". It was two long and enjoyable weeks learning more (and sharing my point of view) about the energy industry. It is always a great pleasure for me to be aware of the changes and trends of the global market. Hope to learn more from you soon.
This course sets the tone for knowing essentials of Oil and Gas. Its biggest advantage is that it provides a structured knowledge so that we know what to know about the industry. I would strongly recommend to anyone who has interest in knowing essentials of oil and gas. Though, I would recommend that the course should have more inputs about markets like China and India and some policy coverage.
I have enjoyed this course immensely, thought due to some personal issues I didn't quite get to put the amount of time into it that I had hoped to. I found it very enlightening regardless and believe it has given me a better understanding of the environment which I work around. I greatly appreciate our professor, Coursera, and Duke University for having put this together and made this possible.
What is Oil & Gas and how does the industry vital to the economic well being of a country function?  This course provides an in depth understanding of the market and its operations.  I love the details presented in the course and filled in the gaps of my knowledge related to the industry that I currently work in.  Excellent resource to mold the knowledge base of oil & gas professional.
The course is perfectly designed for beginners to get a basic about the oil and gas industry and know how the things work. Overall it was a great learning experience. Course instructor Lincoln Pratson has rightly given all the possible knowledge in basic level, I would like thank him for his utmost efforts. Thank you Coursera for providing such a platform for learning and development.
The course was well structured. I got an idea of various processes relating to oil and gas industry such as exploration, drilling and production in case of oil and gas industry operations. Along with this, oil and gas markets are explained. This part basically covers things like what are benchmarks, how to decide price of oil and gas, what is the future of oil and gas, etc.
I'm overwhelmed by learning this course. This course from Duke University is worth to learn. Coursera is the awesome platform with the help of which I'm able to learn this beautiful course. I'll be always thankful to both. This course is designed beautifully and very nicely. It is knowledgeable and interesting. It will refresh your concepts and add the things to knowledge.
The entire course is really stimulating, giving you sufficient knowledge on the topic. There is enough guidance and resources, so that you make the most of it. Additionally, the final assignment makes leads you to a further research, giving you a deep insight of at least one company related to the oil and gas industry. Highly recommended... do not think twice, go for it!
Course content is managed in a best possible way and gives beginners a chance to have decent knowledge of the Oil and gas field ,industry, extraction methods and ultimately its market .Assignment is a distinguished and the key element in this course to explore my knowledge regarding Oil and gas companies and in targeting specified companies for job positioning.
A great course indeed! It covers all important aspects and has also successfully removed many myths regarding the industry and its operations. Pictures and illustrations explain the topics in a nice manner. Nicely designed quizzes and Project makes it a complete course for beginners and also for mid-level practitioners of the industry. Highly recommended!
All courses and videos had a very good connectivity and included all the necessary information about oil and gas. I think this course helps even someone who has know idea about oil and gas learning about the operations and markets on this field. To conclude it was a pleasant course with spherical ideas and a very efficient way of testing what you learn.
Very enjoyable course, with easy to understand explanations and graphics provided by professor Pratson. Although coming from a field engineering job in the industry, I learned many things I did not know during my 3 year tenure in the Colombian plains working for a service company. Very recommended for first comers and for veterans who want a refresher.
Coursera oil and gas are very fun and adds to my knowledge as a chemical engineering student at one of the Parahyangan Catholic Universities. The material and delivery are easy to understand, besides that the material presented is quite complete and includes a pdf so that if one day is needed, you can read and re-read the pdf. Thanks, Duke University.
An excellent course, each topic is presented with great examples and a very good way to get to the point for a very big industry such as O&G. The quality of the videos and the professor's explanations make it so easy to understand each section. I highly recommend this course, even for experienced O&G professionals who wants to improve their knowledge.
Each and every basic details, I felt, were covered i this course by Prof. Lincoln. All you need to know about oil and gas industry in here. Even if you know things about oil and gas sector, I assure you that you won't return with no knowledge acquired from this course. A great and well structured course, I am happy I learned a lot from this course.
Highly recommend for you guys. This course not only focuses on overall technical of upstream, midstream and downstream sector of Oil and Gas Industry but also presenting its valuable commercial knowledge . I surely recall what I learned before and broaden my horizon. Thank you very much, Duke University and Mr. Lincoln for providing this Course.
I first of all want to thank the Management of Duke University for this privilege of learning. It's been an amazing time with Professor Lincoln Praston. I have learned and have gained knowledge in this field and i look forward to impact positively all that I have learned to the growth of the Oil & Gas Industry at large.Thank You Coursera!!!!!!!
Am thankful for the opportunity given to me, the course was enlighten  i got to understand how the oil and gas industry operate from the upstream, downstream, and midstream. I  want to appreciate my  lecture Mr. Lincoln Pratson and coursera for there support when i failed my first assignment i got encourage email not to give up.Thank you
The course was very informative and i learned a lot new things which will help me in future and simply the coursera is a phenomenal learning site and specially offer me financial aid Thanks a lot. The Teachers are very talented and full of knowledge very cooperative and also thanks to Duke University for providing such a enrich courses.
This is an amazing course! For someone like me with art background in the Arts, Prof. Pratson's teachings did good job in presenting the course contents in an easy to grasp manner. Definitely, my renewed understanding of the O&G sector will help in my job as a journalist and an assistant editor in Nigeria. Kudos to Duke University!
This course provides a very good opportunity to understand at least the minimum about oil and gas operations and the market. Even with my specific formation related to oil and gas and my experience working at this market I could learn new things and enjoy the time spent watching the classes.
Thank you professor Lincoln Pratson!
Excellent course that gives us an overview, starting from the exploration of areas with possible hydrocarbon accumulations, the reservoir analysis process, the drilling and putting into production of the field, the treatment and distribution of oil and gas products and the sale of these derivatives that make the world progress.
The course helped me deeper understand the specifics of the Oil&Gas Industry, its processes and other crucial things. In addition, the way of presenting lectures is pretty precise and clear. The course would be quite useful for those who is seeking for knowledge both in Petroleum Engineering and Petroleum Economics.
The course gives a lot of information that cant be found all together in any other source. The learning objects are presented as smooth as possible and since it is a 2 week course you don't get tiered of it. I liked it a lot and I will sure go through it again to be more comfortable with all the new info I learned.
The course provides good fundamental understanding of the petroleum industry in a broad range of topics including reserve classification, petroleum economics, oil & gas formation 101, etc. to participants with no geology or engineering background. Highly recommended to anyone who is interested in the said topics.
First of all a BIG THANK YOU to Prof. LINCOLN PRATSON. He has given lots of information and Knowledge which is helpful for Grab a job in my Placements. Thank You to coursera for providing Such a easy way of getting knowledge and improve your Skills. Thanks to my college Also for providing free Access of coursera.
It was an amazing course, it took me back to university days when I learnt about crude oil from it's formation to its processing. Now the best part of the course for me was the market aspect of it. I can categorically say the market aspect of oil and gas is extremely important in comparison to the exploration.
It gives a perfect overview of the Oil and Gas Industry environment right from exploration to the market aspect, its a good course for anyone who is working in this industry or aspires to enter into this field. This course can also help research and consulting groups employees too in understanding this space
Very  informative short programme which has updated my overview of the industry - at present, I don't intend to do the final project as I have no need for a certificate - it would have been nice just to get a statement of accomplishment. Sessions were well structured and presented v clearly - many thanks!!
Course is exceptionally well designed that makes so informative,and knowledgeable aspects with altogether with true exposure needed for beginner of oil and gas industry.It gives us mainstream of establishing  oil and gas company for which it should be looking for and gives background about their markets.
Great Job From The lecturer, and it was an advanced course for someone who not worked in Oil & Gas Fields.However with 3 years of my experience in OIL & Gas Fields, it was gave me a very beneficial Informations.Recommend to everyone who participating in this field or Business to take this course.regards.
I enjoyed following the course, learning about the importance of the oil and gas industry, and gaining an insight into oil and gas production operations. It is a fascinating subject and I shall undoubtedly using the knowledge I have gained in this course to continue my journey in the energy industries.
Though i could not complete the course with in stipulated time, I've watched all the videos and liked them very much.From my Understanding, there are very oil&gas related courses available in this platform.I'd like to see few more courses related to Oil& gas or process/petroleum engineers.regards,sai
Overall experience is good. I am very happy with content of the course it started from the finding the oil and ends at deliver stage. The course covered both technical and economical factor of this topic. I would like to thank you Coursera team and professor who taught us in very understandable way.
This course is very helpful for learning about how oil and gas reserves explored,developed and produced.This course also shows the future aspects in place of crude oil and gas for extraction of petrol, diesel and natural gas.It also helps in knowing that which factors make the price of oil and gas.
Highly recommend for any geology/geophysics students in their first or second year of their studies. This opened up my mind on how important our job in exploration and how oil and gas affect our colleagues and other individuals outside industry (engineers, shipping merchants, catering, medical etc)
The Course gives really a good insight about oil and gas operations and markets, the content is sincerely appreciable the way it covers every aspects. Thank you for organizing such an excellent course which is essential for a young ambitious students who want to build their career in this industry
The course is really relevant and more practical about the oil and gas industry. The content is straightforward and absolutely great lecturer . I would suggest that the lecture slides with information are provided because I'm really not a visual person, I found studying with videos challenging.
Amazing course, really complete and large content is approached, i am a Geology student in Brazil and i could learn a few new subjects about my area, mostly in the beginning of the program, however, didn't know many things. A lot to learn! Good videos and class material!
It’s has provided good foundation about the oil and gas. I learnt a lot on the basics of oil and gas from what is made of to exploration, processing, pricing and marketing. Also giving me the leap to focus on the particular section I want to focus on and apply for jobs.
Its one of the Excellent source for the Beginners. I really enjoyed this course. The way Prof. Lincoln take the class, his lucid flow of teaching and his up to date statistics make the course more excitingI love this course. Hope you people will also experience the same
It was awesome from start to finish. This course has helped in greatly increasing my knowledge about the oil and gas industry, its operations and markets. I also enjoyed every lecture to a satisfactory level and am also grateful for the opportunity to be a part of this
This was my first course on Coursera and I'm really happy about taking it up. The knowledge I gained in these two weeks by our professors of Duke University helped me in deciding my future and truly understanding the Oil & Gas Industry and how it functions. Thank You.
After intensive tutorial videos , the time spent was worth it as it has given me key insights into the operations of this cardinal industry. My appreciation to professor Lincoln pratson and the Coursera team for their effort in putting this wonderful course together.
The Course is very useful for both professionals working in oil and gas and for those who wish to join the oil and gas industry. the presentations style is simple and easy to understand. the course is divided to multiple topics and can be taken at your desired time.
Excellent Course!!! If you recently joined an Oil and Gas company , and don't know the functioning of Oil and gas companies, it's a good course for you. Good basic understanding of upstream, mid stream ,down stream sector, Economics and Price variation of crude oil.
It was amazing time completing this course! It gives a good overview of the Oil&Gas industry as for beginner. Especially the finish work is very cleverly invented. It gives a good opportunity to uncover more about different companies and industry on the whole.
The course has been aptly design to give an overview about how the oil and gas industry operates. Anybody starting a career in oil and gas industry can go through this course to have insight about how the energy business of this particular segment is executed.
This is a great course . It is a concise overview of the oil and gas industry operations and markets. By the end of the course, one will have a fair knowledge of exploration and production as well as the market prices and distribution of hydrocarbon products.
The course is highly informative and appropriate for introducing the Oil and Gas industry for beginners. Mr. Pratson has done an amazing job on the content of the course. The quizzes and assignments are well focused. This was fun and the easiest way to learn.
Many thanks. It was an intresting course and beneficial to understand the oil & gas industry and how it operates. But I have one note. Please add a list of definitions. It helps a lot to help to memorize information and improves understanding for all terms.
This course is an enlightening masterpiece with a proper introduction into the much talked about Oil and Gas industry and intricate information on how prices are introduced. It's recommended for any one seeking adept yet overview knowledge of the industry.
An excellent summary of overall aspects of the Oil and Gas Industry, both on the technical and markets sides. Although, I think it would be a more complete course if it were to incluye environmental aspects of the industry too. Nonetheless, great course!
I really enjoyed this course. As an oil and gas accountant, this course helped me to understand more of the things that I see daily on revenue statements, joint interest billings, and other reports. The professor explained the concepts extremely well.
The course gives you a good overview of the oil and gas industry as well as delves into the technical details & monetary understanding of the sector. I would certainly recommend anyone interested in energy sector to go through this intriguing  course.
Thank You, for sharing the immense knowledge on Oil and Gas Industry, ranging from exploration to operations and then the market. It couldn't have been better and thanks to Mr. Lincoln Praston, to share his prolific knowledge and experience with us.
It really a very good course. It is kind of eye opener course for me. I am working as Assistant Manager with Indian Oil Corporation Limited. I used to have lot of misconception earlier but now it is very clear. Thank you Coursera & Duke University.
A perfect and well detailed introduction into the oil and gas operations. The coordinator was able to convey his message in basic manner that anyone without prior knowledge would understand and even discuss the subject matter like a professional.
I learnt a lot about O and G industry,  oil wells depletion,  royalty rights and markets. Overall this is a very nicely designed course for not only people who are aware about oil and gas but for the ones who have very little or no idea about it.
A well structured course as it is very informative and accessible to beginner learners into the O&G industry. Topics on the seasonal demand , distribution and oil price are particularly interesting to me as it expand on what I have learn before.
Very useful and interesting. The course content covers both operations with some detailed information that is quite comprehensive by non-engineers and market data for those who don't have any financial classes background. Highly recommended.
A very great course for those who have interest in oil and gas sector,enough data in a very detailed way.It actually gives you an insight to the basics of oil and gas processes,from drilling and explorations to all the way up to markets .
Thats an excellent course. It teaches you really good different topics of oil explorations and government rules related to it. There are technical classes and economical classes. Excellent course to do if you have free times for 2 weeks.
This being my first course on coursera, has lived upto my expectations and i m totally satisfied with the course. It has very good content covered and has been delivered in a satisfying manner. A big thank you to Prof Lincon Pratson!!!!
One of the best courses I had! The context wasn't very thorough, but it wasn't basic too, it challenges you to commit and to look for more information.I loved it! Thank you very much for the course, I wish I can attend more related ones
An excellent course to know about different entities involved in oil and gas businesses and gave a very brief knowledge about the working of oil and gas industry and the chain involved from production to distribution among customers.
Excellent course, the professor was really good, the videos helped me a lot to understand the oil and gas industry. Doing the final work also helped me to improve my writing skills, and to learn how to make a good company's profile.
This course is essential for the individuals who are in the oil and gas sector to understand the basic working behind the scenes.  Individuals who are looking for knowledge in this sector, its just a simple and easy to learn course.
This is an amazing course which can be used to understand how this massive Oil & Gas Industry works. I am also very thankful to Lincoln Pratson sir for giving us such precise and worthyful knowledge about the oil and gas industry .
This is a good course for a beginner who want to research or study about oil and Gas natural industry. It includes how the crude present in earth, different tyde of oil and gas, its extraction, refining, transporting, costing etc.
The course was very much informative. The best thing was it’s to the point lectures. It doesn’t indulge itself in side-wise less important matter. The operational part was greatly discribed. I’m honoured to be part of this course.
The course was well structured and helped me understand the nuances of operations in the Oil & Gas sector. Recommended for personal achievement, beginners, university students and learners looking to advance their knowledge base.
A very nice approach to the Oil and Gas industry, covering details from it's extraction to the final market prices influence aspects. The professor Mr. Pratson is indeed much experienced and has a good way to demonstrate it.
This course cleared lots of concepts behinds oil and gas industries. the provided contain was enough to clear this course.thanks prof.Lincoln Pratson and duke university for providing such a great and knowledge course.THANKS
I have learnt many things regarding the refineries. Licoln Pratson you were amazing throughout the course. It was really helpful that you went on the field/industries for our help.Thank you Coursra for this worthful course.
A Special thanks to Lincoln Pratson, he explain all core concepts in O&G company. I learned lot of stuff from his, so finally i really enjoyed this course. Thank you once again for guiding me throughout this course journey
Very Interesting Course and must for Oil & Gas Professionals in order to understand broadly about how to find oil reserves & exploration and Production. A well constructive approach by the Instructor is a major advantage.
The course helped me in understanding the oil and gas Industry.I learnt many new topics .The course was aimed and done in view of all students. Knowledge was the professor was vast and his english was easy to understand
The course subjects were briefly described with key components in a professional manner that its easy for learners to understand. The use of objects, pictures, tables and graphs made the learning even more interesting.
This course help me to understand more about the core business of the Oil and Gas companies, it´s a great overview of the value chain of the industry. The professor made a great job explained everything in an easy way.
I liked it a lot. I learned new information about this kind of energy and about all variables that affect the markets. Also, I found very interesting information about the process involved in oil and gas extraction.
Very informative course, the most i like about it is the way of defining with the help of images and videos. I appreciate the work and want to thank coursera for giving me an opportunity to add beneficial skills.
Quite impactful, insightful, elaborate, and well detailed on the subject matter. Grateful for the opportunity this course has offered in terms of information awareness with the operations and market activities.
I found it helpful especially in understanding the global oil and gas industry. Simultaneously i was studying another course at my university and doing this course assisted me and helped me excel at the course.
As a civil engineer dedicated to the study of pavements and asphalt materials, I feel that this course was a perfect complement to my knowledge. It allowed me to learn more about the oil and gas industry.
This course is beneficial for job seekers and graduating student in field of chemical,petrochemical engineering. it provide a whole overview of finding, procurement, storage and transmission of crude oil.
I would like to learn pro-vital course because I know it’s succor for my future job when I’ve completed courses then I obey that it’s is elegant and very knowledgable provided me so I liked this course.
It is one of the most complete courses in the area of ​​hydrocarbons, I really had a great time, I liked each of the videos and I was motivated by the research, which is why the best OIL AND GAS course
I want to work for a company in Oil & Gas Industry. This course has helped me to learn basic concepts that helped me during my interview. Moreover, I have learned industry´s vocabulary. Thanks a lot!
An exciting course that offers well-rounded knowledge on Economics governing the Oil & Gas Industry, as well as some Technical aspects that are necessary for better understanding. Well worth the try!
I am very thankful to coursera and Duke University to provide this course. It helps me to know various aspects of Oil and Gas industry operations and also it helps me to achieve my career goals.
Really comprehensive introduction to the oil and gas industry globally, paying particular attention to the US. Covers content from upstream to downstream operations, as well how they are linked.
I am working professional in refinery sector . This course help me to learn more about exploration , production and transportation. It also helped me to brush up my knowledge in refinery sector.
The course is perfect. but, the Arabic translation is absolutely bad. I think I can take this mission to translate that course into Arabic to allow Arabic learners able to understand the course.
Developed understanding of Oil & Gas exploration, development,production, operation, Transmission & distribution, Enhanced Oil Recovery, Market volatility,  supply chain, Future prospect.Thanks!
Well this course'll provide me knowledge about marketing in oil & gas , basic of operational system. I prefer to all my friends whom somehow connected  with oil & gas industry take this course.
This was an amazingly enlightening course, I have learnt alot about the Oil and Gas industries, how they work, the operations, the technical terms, market and prices and factors that effect it.
It's an interesting, fascinating, educative and interactive course. Thank You Duke University, Thank You Lincoln Pratson and Thank You Coursera for bringing  forth this incredible  opportunity.
Thank you Duke University and Lincoln Pratson Sir for designing such a beautiful course. The course helped me to gain precious knowledge in the marketing field of oil and gas processing sector
The course is a good overview of the oil and gas industry operations & markets. Got a very good insight of the midstream and downstream sectors. Instructors notes & slides were very helpful.
My first time doing picking a course in this platform and i liked it, it helps, the materials are excellent and the quiz match with what we learnt. Thanks for sharing your knowledge with us.
The course explain the various method and criteria use for removing oil and gas. And operations applying on crude oil to refine it. The course explain very nicely and course is informative.
Very interesting but short course. The most part I liked was peer-graded assessment. Started to think out of the box in order to prepare it. Good instructor too and well-prepared material.
This is an awesome introductory course about the latest O&G industry operations and markets. I am truly benefited from this course and I highly recommend everyone to enroll in this course!
Thanks to found this course here. Great Course and good excellent teaching from a well experience lecturer. Happy to be part of these course to enlighten me on the world of oil activities.
Oustanding programme , Lincoln is a great instructor . The depth of knowledge inside this 2 week course is immense . I learned  a lot and have developed a great insight into the Industry.
I learnt the oil and gas overall process with a clear and concise method and adopt a new learning technique. It enhances my knowledge and understanding of the oil and gas industry process
The course objective and the topics it covered is very helpful to me as an Engineer. It gives me the realistic approach and knowledge that helps me in better understanding of the subject.
Accompanied 
Professor Lincoln Preston, I get additional knowledge of this course is 
great for learning about the oil and gas industry so it is recommended 
for anyone who wants to learn
Course is very structured and thorough. But i wish the notes are provided in pdf so that students can refer in the future. I enjoyed the course and learnt so many things about the field.
Excellent course for the people who are looking there future in oil and gas domain. Greatly explained and the course content is easy to understand. Thank you for introducing this course.
Mr. Lincoln Pratson has delivered the amazing contents in a much simplified manner.....I am very much thankful to him, for providing such beautiful knowledge in amy area of interent....
This is a strongly recommended course for those students who are interested in oil and gas industries and markets. The course modules and lectures are beautifully framed and explained.
An excellently delivered course with a nice course structure. Thanks to Coursera, I'm now more aware of the trends within the oil and gas industry. #Everyone_can_be_a_Courserascholar!
This is a really good lessons for the beginners.The course not only deals with the oil and gas industry as well as gives an idea about the market risk and the future of the industry.
It provides an overall perspective of both technical and financial aspects related to Oil & Gas. I strongly recommend it to those starting to research potential companies  to invest.
Don't you know anything about oil and gas exploration, then this course will make it ease.I have learnt a lot about oil and gas industry in this course.I have a live like experience.
Very good course to know in simple language.Explained very nicely and if you miss,you can review again .I will recommend all my colleagues and in friend circle to go for this course.
This course is very helpful to learn about the complete details of Oil and Gas Operations. This will help me improve my knowledge on the proper handling my tasks on Fuel management.
Excellent course on O&G Industry to gain a Holistic view on both the crucial aspects of the Industry i.e. Operations as well Marketing. A must for beginners in Oil and Gas Industry.
It was one of the best online course I have done related to my field. The professor was quiet clear and it was a best experience for me hopefully it will help me a lot in my field.
A very compreensive course in the Oil&Gas industry, that in just two weeks gives one a good idea of the main themes over na industry that keeps reinventing itself. A well done job!
I strongly recommend this course to anyone interested in the oil and gas industry. It is clear, well structured, it has a good pace and is understandable also for non-experts.
The complete course on refining is just outlined, it would have been helpful if the course had the complete process description including the phenomena of chemical importance.
An excellent course to understand the fundamentals of oil and gas operations and markets. Special thanks to  Prof. Pratson, whose explanation of concepts were always spot-on!!
The quality of this course is impressive. I am very glad that the time I put here was worth it. Recommended to everybody who is interested in knowing about Oil & Gas industry.
This course allowed me to know in depth about the oil and gas industry especially the markets. A very good course to get an overall knowledge about the oil and gas industry..
Great course for an introduction to Oil and Gas and, to know some of the terms more related to the financial side, that as a young geology student are really useful to know.
Presentation of the course was such that I have learned each every aspect of oil and gas industry, it may help me in future.Very well and detailed presentation by presenter.
Nice course for those chemical engineers who like to explore different fields of chemical engineering. Kudos to the entire team, I enjoyed it very much; highly recommended.
The course comprehensively covers the oil business in a simple and didactic way. For those who start in the oil and gas industry, it offers a broad vision of the business.
It was very useful for me. Short presentation about 5-7 minutes let you to concentrate on the main topics. All information was submitted in clear way. Thank you very much!
Excellent course, what i like the most was the interphase between the technical and economical worlds and the clarity vision of the big picture of the oil & gas business.
A very good and succinct introduction to the Petroleum and Natural Gas Industry. The lecturer is a fantastic teacher with a very good manner of presentation and attitude.
The course was self explanatory and well understood, help me bridges some gaps in my academic background. Kudos to cousera for bringing this amazing instructor on board.
This course is splendid it covering all factors related to oil and gas generation,operations and marketing.Thanks Lincoln pratson,sir you are great,I love from Pakistan.
I loved it and believe everyone should take this course to get a snapshot about global demand and how the oil & gas industry works.  Great professor and great slides.
Very complete explanation fo all activies in the hydrocarbon industry chain. And very focused in the interpretation of the markets avalible of it's commercialization.
I'm very happy to get a certificate from courseera and I'm very thankful to course era and professor Lincoln pratson of duke university to share a knowledge with us
Short and concise but thoroughly encompassing every aspect of Oil and Gas Industry.Highly recommended for those who want to get an overview of Oil and gas industryl
It helped me a lot to have a great experience into the field of Oil & Gas Industry. I am really sure that, it would be helpful to anyone to have a course like this.
Everything is perfectly explained from the start and all the content material allow you to get a perfect idea on this market, even if you haven't any previous idea.
A very important and valuable course for all the budding chemical engineers in the world. request all the chemical engineers to study this course and get knowledge
I encourage my geological knowledge . I can identify the problems in the oil and gas industry . Now i know the how to product and cost of the producing oil and gas
The course is very beneficial for those who wants to understand the basic operations of oil and gas exploration, its processing and marketing all around the world.
Especially appreciated the downloadable slides and the very clear information (including a detailed marking scheme) given for the project component of the course.
Lincoln Pratson did an excellent job in explaining the material. Living in Texas, this course really gave me some insight on the most important industry we have.
I already got lots of information in oil and gas industries and saw in another vision in this field but I got some of the reviews in peers' assignment is biased.
A very useful course for those who want to gain a better understanding of the oil and gas industry. I highly recommend it for those who want to learn the basics
Wow! This is great, indeed great. I've been so enlightened, this course has given me thorough knowledge of oil and gas operations. I can take a step from here.
Well-structured, easy to follow and with general information about the Oil and Gas Industry. I had no previous knowledge in the field and I enjoyed the course.
Good approaching to oil & gas unit operations and market. May be, it will be a good idea to generate more courses with specific topic related to this industry.
Hii , my name is Ashiv Patel and I have come this course.I have gained many skills and knowledge about oil and gas .overall this course is too much beneficial.
The professor is very good and his lessons seem to like hearing tales about the mysterious and wonderful works of mankind to maintain their life in this world.
Strong course made by an outstanding teacher encompassing all the aspects of the O&G value chain. The course follows a clear path and isn't simplistic at all.
Brilliantly covered. This course can greatly influence anyone who does not even have the Petroleum background. I am fortunate that I got to learn this course.
EMOTION EMOTION EMOTION EMOTION EMOTION right now, I Mohamed Tady KOUROUMA thanks each and everyones from DUKE University of GAZ and OIL.Do dreams come true.
Great course which analyzes many aspects of the O&G Industry! I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to get a further insight on how this industry works!
What a wonderful course for an overview on the oil & gas industry. The instructor has intimate knowledge and has the course well organized. 5 stars reviewed!
I am very thankful for Coursera who gave me an opportunity to learn this course. Really very nice content.Thank you Lincoln Pratson Sir and Duke University.
I have had an in-depth knowledge about production as well as marketing of oil and gas. The best program so far and I will recommend it to my peers any day.
I learned oil and gases industry operation and market.in which drilling purification exploration their cost each deatil information I got from this course.
Great review of the industry. I learned a lot! The course was a general introduction, but has inspired to dive deeper into certain aspects of the industry.
good course to join gives and full description of oil and gas upstream , midstream and downstream and provides basics of marketing in oil and gas industry
great course! as an online learning is everything that I was expecting: good quality videos, good audio, didactic information and relativily updated data.
All thanks and appreciation to the doctor for this course, wishing God to extend his life and enjoy his health and well-being. Greetings, Faraj Al-Sheikhi
Excellent course taught by an excellent professor of Duke. Highly Recommended to the people of Oil & Gas sector. Thank You Lincoln & thank you coursera.
Very good and informative course, which has thoroughly improved my understanding of the oil and gas industry!Overall really pleased to take this course!
Thank you for giving me excellent information on oil & gas industry operations.It is very helpful course for me. Thank you Duke university and coursera.
This course is very good for beginners in the Oil and Gas industry. Your best option to leap into the oil and gas sector is beginning with this  course.
Great course, it helps newcomers and also experienced workers of the oil & gas industry to get all the picture, more far than just the basic operations
Excellent course. Very detailed and informative, I learned a lot about every aspect of the business from the engineering aspect to the business aspect.
It was a very well oriented course. Learned a lot about oil and gas companies, their technologies and their different levels of operations and markets.
A great introduction to oil and gas industry. The course covered all the basics from how oil is extracted and how it is processed in a detailed manner.
Amazing course! Being a chemical engineering student this course has helped me a lot and cleared my mind as to where i actually see myself in future:)
It was a nice course covering almost all aspects of hydrocarbons starting from exploration to marketing. Thanks a lot to Coursera and Duke University.
absolutely amazing course. not only were the lectures amazing to hear but so were the presentations great. i learned many new things from this course
Great course. Great professor. I really had fun while taking this class. The quizzes were a bit hard, but you just need to study. Thanks to coursera.
The course is well structured in to different modules.Markets scenario explained in the module helps you to understand the overall market condition.
This was my first course, it was so impressive, Professor Lincoln Pratson was an excellent lecturer , understood each and every concepts very well.
I recommend the course, very important information and both the tools and the material supplied, for those who like the oil industry I recommend it
Very Good Contents and very nicely explained. Recommending to those who are at the beginner level and want to build a career in Oil & Gas Industry.
very accurate and precised managed course on oil & gas operations with detailed information, even course  instructor teaching skill are excellent.
I would like to thank our Professor sir! It was nice learning experience with you. I wish I can attend your class in my PG courses. Thank You Sir!
I learned so many things about the oil production industry from this course. The instructor was on point in his lectures. I recommend this course.
It is really a good overview of the oil and gas sector. The professor was well spoken. Now I have a clear idea about oil & gas sector. THANK YOU!
The information presented in this course, has been very helpful to me since I work for an O&G company, broaden my knowledge on such a core topic.
This course has helped me better understand the industry and its challenged, something helpful when speaking with my customers in that industry
Lincoln Pratson has very unique style of presentation, i can understand the content very easily, tragic was very much useful for understanding.
Amazing course with lots of good information especially I have cleared my concepts on O & G price economics after learning through this course.
The course is complete helps me a lot with my training and helps me to contribute with new knowledge, I really liked give good rating of 10/10.
The course helped me to enhance my knowledge about how Oil and Gas markets, its future in coming time and how the prices are set and many more
I only took the course to get a base understanding and the videos were short, concise and insightful. Provided exactly what I was looking for.
Highly informative and relevant to current professionals in the Oil and gas industry as well as ambitious learners. Thanks Mr Lincoln Pratson.
it is one of the best course related to oil and gas drilling, processing along with profound knowledge of market and supply chain management.
Excellent Course, covering the industry comprehensively. I have learnt so many new things even being an Oil and Gas Professional for 4 years.
Excellent course. Gives lots of information about all the aspects of the oil industry. It´s a must, even if you are already in the industry.
Very nice explanatory course. It explains the whole process of extraction and the cost composition from the oil and gas industry operations.
Very great content and information ,gave industrial exposure,hope u come one again with safety aspects of industry which is paramount ever
Good overview/introduction course. The instructor is very easy to listen too and presents just the right amount of material in the videos.
It has been helpful. I’ve gained so knowledge and insight in the oil and gas industry. I have started recommending Coursera to my friends.
Very informative. I now have an overview of the different factors that go into the production and distribution of oil & gas, at the least.
I loved the course. It was properly explained very carefully and clearly. I fully enjoyed it and i know for certain many others would too
This is a good fundamental course to follow.This allows you to get a clear idea on how the oil and gas industry works and future trends.
This course is meticulously devised to address operations on the supply side and markets on the demand side of the oil and gas industry.
This course was just what i needed as an introduction into the oil and Gas Industry. Thanks to our Instructor and the Coursera platform.
The Explanation by Lincoln Pratson is descriptive and to the point. I have learned some crucial aspects of oil and gas from this course.
This Course is very good for me. My BS Studied are realted to oil and gas industries.So thats why i had gain knowledge from this course.
The course gives you a well-founded global vision of the oil and gas market and its operational activities, it is really a good course.
Very Professional, simple course, I Recommend for technical, non technical, and the ones who want to learn about the Oil & Gas Industry
This site has been so beneficial and i really learnt a lot from taking this course and will take more courses since its building me up.
it was a memorable experience, i got decent idea about  from the base  of oil and gas industry, Thank you very much sir and keep going
Thank you, this was and excellent course, I am geologist, and it gave me the oportunity to remember my classes of petroleum geologist.
This course at Duke University was fantastic. I was able to achieve more knowledge of oil and gas industry operations and its market.
This was my first oil and gas course online and learnt in 1 month what i have been learning in 3 years especially petroleum economics
It is a great starting point for someone looking for information in the Oil and Gas business, operations and value chain. Recommended
one of the best courses, I recommend everyone to take this course as it will increase your awareness about the oil and gas industry.
It was very interesting and worthy way to gain some useful knowledge on one the most trending and inflammable topic of 21st century.
It is a great course as it gives an overview of the Oil & Gas Industry and facilitates its comprehension from different disciplines
It's great opportunity to learn about Oil an Gas industry and best part is the assignment, which give us to explore about industry.
I got many thing about that course but I have not seen my certification profile ,please help me and send that certification for me
It is the best cource for understanding about oil and gas companies work and markets. I learn so much new things about refineries.
Very interesting course where you can get the basis on oil and gas prospection and exploration, the oscillating prices and market.
I've learnt all i needed to know about the oil and gas operation. The assignment made me learn more about a specific oil company.
A good informative course, giving a nice overview on fossil fuels and how its playing a role in fulfilling today's  energy needs.
Simply Excellent ! I got to know very detailed knowledge on Oil & Gas Industry which was mystery for me not any more. Thanks sir.
It has covered every concept related to oil and gas industry operation and marketing and explained in a very simple and easy way
It was really good enough course to know in depth about oil and gas industry's operations and market structure and fluctuations.
Very Insightful and helpful in understanding the oil and gas industry basics. Mr. Preston has explained the concepts throughly .
Its very helpful course for especially for mechanical engineers. Thanks a lot for giving us opportunities to improve our skills.
This is a professional course that can set you on a higher part to understand Oil and Gas industry basic operation and Markets.
Great course even for a beginner in the oil and gas industry. Although some concepts may be theoretical, it's still very useful
Good and informative course .The prof was kind and polite will delivering the content. Had a wonderful online course experience
Nice work and a very good amount of information imparted in a very less amount of material showing a great skill of management.
A very Good experience overall, Learnt very important things related Oil and Gas industry in domain of Operations and Markets.
I learnt so much more than I thought I would from this course. You can also complete it at your own pace which really helped.
Uniform,structured,simple explanation and language,to the point, and a very good complete overview of the oil and gas sector.
This course is really very good.After this one can easily get a very good confidence on understanding this oil and gas market
Excellent course, provides an excellent vision about the market and operations in the Oil & Gas industry, thank you so much.
Very good and comprehensive course within a short span of time learned a lot. Thanks to Duke University as well as Coursera.
Very beneficial course content with attractive learning materials which leads our minds to explore more courses in coursera.
It really gives a good run through the entire process. All the processes and details are so well explained by the professor.
After attending this course, my knowledge of oil & gas exploration, production, refining & transportation has been enhanced.
Wonderful courses, the facilitator did it very Well, I am happy for having learnt new topics regarding oil and gas industry.
An excellent opportunity to come in touch with the oil and gas industry, in an extremelly comprehensive and instructive way.
Very good and interesting Oil and Gas industry course.And very knowledgeable speaker from Duke university.Thank you so much
Very vast knowledge of the oil and gas industry explained in a very simple format. Interactive learning by the instructor.
Very good course! Helped me to learn more about oil and gas and it was good to get knowledge about the oil and gas market.
It is really good. I learned the oil and gas company operations and market deeply .Thank you so much lincoln pratson sir.
Very good experience with sufficient knowledge about the course. I could get very important information regarding course.
The course is very informative and interesting. Professor Lincoln Pratson is very good. The course is highly recommended.
i really enjoyed this couse... it was very important for me because  helped me to expand my knowledge in the O&G industry
Very informative course. Course provides insights about Oil & Gas market, costing, pricing and market. Enjoyed learning!
High quality course for beginners in the industry. Especially focused on - ITPO  (Introduction to Petroleum Operations).
It's an excellent course for people who work in the industry also people who want to know about more our industry. Nice.
Well structured course, has everything needed to understand the Oil and Gas industry from the operation to the markets.
It helped me gain a lot and The proffesor's voice was very clear. Thanks to Coursera for providing me this opportunity
One of the better online programs I've experience that look at the entire industry and not just one perspective of it.
Any second year student of chemical engineering interested in oil and gas industry should definitely take this course.
Very useful training with both market & production knowledge. It helps a lot to understand the background information.
It's a well structured course about Oil & Gas Market  Analysis, enjoyed every bit of it, it is also very informative.
A great course to learn and study the oil & gas Industry and its operations. Contains all the information from basic.
Brilliantly structured course which included tiny bit of details which are vital to the oil and natural gas industry.
Outstanding Course, teaches you more than the basics required to understand the market. Nice flow of all the lectures
After completion of this short but fruitful course, one can easily get a clear picture of the Oil and Gas Industries.
What a nice course! This course is the best example for beginners or not in the way of geosciences. Very recommended!
I found it a great course to get knowledge about the oil and gas industry without prior knowledge about the industry.
This is good course for students who wanna to get lessons about oil & gas production, operation and market generally
Very informative and the final project is definitely a good opportunity to do some research and learn something new!
Very interesting course I think is a good course to understand the basics of how the world of oil and gas performs.
So, simply organized and presented .Really a good course for them who have interest in oil and natural gas sector.
Wonderful courses,  achieved massive info regarding this industry, hope to explore more for the professional part.
Well packaged oil and gas course - for both Engineering professional and non-professional.Thanks for educating me.
easy to understand and good build up of the curriculum, very educational form my perspective as a financial market
It was good and informative and the professor was also good at teaching and giving variety of examples, knowledge
It was worth the trouble, I feel more enlightened. Thank you, Duke University and Coursera for the big privilege.
Thank You very much Professor for this wonderful opportunity. I learnt a lot. This course is very helpful for me.
Knowledge Enhancing in Oil well Drilling is Great. The Professor presentation is BEST & Smart Way to Understand.
One of the best course. It is really helpful for those who are about to start their career in oil and gas field.
The course is well structured easy to follow with good understanding of the subject. Covers the topic quite well
The course is very informative about the oil and gas industry.I would recommend to everyone studying the field.
Excellent. I learned like never before. The lecturer, course content, and videos all exceeded my expectations.
it is a very informative subject with excellent explanation, I do recommend this course to people reading it.
As a Applied chemistry student , it is very fun & enjoy to learn for me..Thank you for Your Remarkable course
Very good content on oil and gas industry operations and markets. Gained knowledge in this particular field.
Very educational small class to take on your free time. A lot to be learned about the oil and gas industry !
A very insightful and helpful course into the understanding of the basic dynamics of the Oil & Gas Industry.
Very useful and informative course giving insights into the oil and gas fundamentals in a very lucid manner.
The organization of the course is excellent, concise and well prepared. Excellent effort by the instructor.
Amazing course! Recommended for all engineers and anybody who wants an overview of the Oil and Gas industry
Excellent knowledge provided in video lectures and learn lot of technical aspect of oil industry marketings
Thank you for the wonderful course!It is comprehensive, and perhaps two weeks is not enough to complete it.
A very comprehensive course on the oil and gas industry. Strongly recommend to all interested stakeholders.
What a wonderful way to begin learning about the Oil and Gas industry. Its been an awesome time.. Thank you
Simple but Complete, excellent resources, very clear explanations from the teacher. Thanks for this course
This course is very useful in future and present for oil and gas marketing .thank you for this knowledge ,
the course is very useful. it clearly discuss about the mineral rights and oil price prediction mechanism.
Learned a lot about oil and gas in a short amount of time. Very efficient. Highly recommended this course.
Very informative course I’ve learnt so much over the last two weeks and the professor explains very well!
Thank you Duke University and Professor for making this course.It was really help to understand concepts.
Excellent course. Very helpful to get some good knowledge about this most important oil and gas industry.
Fantastically concise for the basics. You can finish this within 1-2 days and wish you'd done it earlier!
This course provides students with extensive knowledge on oil and gas operations. i enjoyed the lecture.
Excellent lectures. If it can be credit based that would add more value i guess to the course. Grateful.
A world filled with opportunities, the learning process was fun and educating. Thanks to Coursera Team.
Great course, even better command on the topic by instructor (Lincoln Pratson) ! Learned a lot! Thanks!
A refined course with excellent module and great presentation. It’s without a doubt a five star course
A very educational and enlightening course. Has sparked my interest to work in the Oil & Gas industry.
Interesting and useful for people interested in having a general knowledge about oil and gas Industry
This course helped me to understand each and every unit operation and markets of oil and gas Industry
It is very clear and understandable course. Prof. Present the vedio series very clearly. Thank u sir.
Excellent course. Offers a good and initial insight of O&G Business, specially how the markets works.
Very good course about those want to work in Oil and Gas sector. It helped me to see the big picture.
This course was really informative for me and broaden my horizons in oil and gas industry and market.
Great course to begin learning about Oil & Gas industry! The assignment was a bit less good thought..
Exceptional 101 class for someone who wants the learn the building blocks and basics of the Industry.
An excellent course even if you don't know nothing about that, it's very clear, complex and complete.
It is a great course and it's very, very clearly explained. I would recommend it one hundred percent.
was a good course for oil & gas field , i learned alot about the operations and marketing, thank you
It's great course which addresses pretty much insightful contents regarding the Oil and gas Industry
Thank you very much for this amazing information on one of the most crucial industries in the world
An extremely important and resourceful course by such a prestigious institute. Thank you, Coursera.
I learned a lot actually everything about oil&gas industry through this course thank you Coursera.
Well planned course, with easy explanation of complex topic So far the best course I have attended
easy to understand and provide a conceptual knowledge about basics of oil and gas industry process
Extremely impactful. My understanding of the oil and gas industry has been broadened considerably.
Accessible material, clear explanations, very thorough deep-diving into the oil and gas industry.
Great courses, I advice every engineer that is interested in the oil and gas industry to join it.
i learn lots of thing about oil and drilling field through this course. thanks to DUKE UNIVERSITY
Great course for learning about basic market and production operations for Oil and Gas industries
If you want a summary of all matters related to Oil and Gas industry, this is the course for you.
Insightful course. Knowledge obtained from this course has been highly beneficial for me at work.
So much knowledgeable with short videos and so much to learn about the basics of oil industries.
Very educative and insightful with accurate historical facts and figures to backup the lectures.
Excellent overview of the key considerations and concepts for oil and gas operations and markets
Important certification course for career success and knowledge in Oil and Gas sector.Very Good
Excellent course!!!  The videos were very clear and the evaluation methodology was appropriate.
it was an all-encompassing course for the young professionals and petroleum-related disciplines
very informative Course to take the knowledge from exploration to pricing level of oil and gas.
All concepts are explained in detail with lot of practical approach to understand the concepts.
This is a nice course for any recent graduate that wish to work in an oil and gas establishment
Very interesting. Provides many detailed info even if it is not a long course. I recommend it.
It was really a very good course and the most important it is not boring but entirely exciting
Great course! If you are planning to get involved in O&G Industry you must to take this course
Well-structed course which gives excellent an inroduction and understanding of oil&gas sector.
excellent course. I gained a lot of information from this course. It is great for a beginner!
very great learing this course and very lucky to study the course from a very great professor
Great time gained knowledge in the field of oil and gas the operations occurs in the industry
its a good refresher course and learned many new things that will surely be helpful in future
Very useful those who want to know about petroleum and natural gas operations and its markets
Great content and I have gain great knowledge about Oil & Gas Industry Operations and Markets
I would suggest a follow up course to expand all sections in more detail. Great intro course!
This course is very nice to study and to get a certification. I  more happy with coursera...
Excellent introduction to geology, drilling operations, market pricing and industry outlook.
Excellent course in grooming the knowledge of Oil and Gas industry operations and marketing.
it is a versatile course for a person who want build up his future in o&g or related field.
Good informative course about Oil and Gas industry. Help to learn a lot about the Industry.
It was a great knowledge that I gained from this course. It really helped me in my studies.
Very informativeI like this course... basic petroleum industry knowledge for the common man
Really interesting course that gives helicoplter perspective of the Oil and Gas operations.
I certify that I learn lot of things from this Oil and Gas Industry Operations and Markets
It's an excellent course to gain knowledge about Oil & Gas Industry Operations and Markets
This is a really intersting course, the material is really helpful. I totally recomend it.
A very powerful short term course covering every aspects of an oil industry. Very helpful
Great course! Taught me a lot about the oil and gas industry.Lincoln is a great lecturer.
Very informative and applicable for people interested in how the energy industry operates
It was a very intellectual course. Learning about Oil and Gas was an excellent experience
This is an amazing course. Very well organized. I learned a lot from it. Worth taking it!
interesting , brief and simple,I have learned alot from this course..i enjoyed it really.
Information given on the 2nd week was all practically new for me. Thank you very much!!!
Very informative course for people who just started to interest in oil and gas industry!
very good course as a recommendation they should do as translations into more languages
I would recommend each individual working in oil and gas industry to attend this course
It is a great course. Nice videos, easy to unterstand and a lot of information provided
The course is good for those who don't have any knowledge on the Oil and Gas industry.
I found this course excellent. Very clear explanations with very hepful illustrations.
Excellently designed course. Very inriguing and interesting. Also, short and concise.
Very helpful course but a little more technical information will always be welcomed.
It was such a nice experience for me on a oil and gas exploration and market course.
It was so interesting and nice course to attend !! Thanks a lot for the instructors.
Assignments were a bit easy and the class was short but overall I really enjoyed it
Its was a great learning experience for me  , i enjoyed the way professor explains.
I highly recommend this course to instrumentation and control engineering students.
Very good and give a better knowledge about the Oil and gas industry and marketing
Thank you team cousera This coursera very help ful for me and it was free of cost.
Great course for chemical engineering students. Loved the skills of the professor.
A Perfect course to learn about operations and business of Oil and gas Industries.
ME ENCANTÓ EL CURSO, SE ADAPTA A LOS HORARIOS Y LO PUEDES HACER EN DONDE QUIERAS!!
A complete knowledge rich course about Oil & Gas Industries and Market Operations.
This course is really informative. I learned a lot about the Oil and Gas Industry.
Advice for everyone who is new to the oil/gas industry, good general introduction.
Very good overview of the whole industry, I liked it a lot and recommend it 100%.
What I love the most about this course is the content delivery by the Instructor.
Very useful and crystal clear perspective of oil & gas operations and its markets
A very informative course. Highly recommended for Petroleum Engineering students.
Excellent course for every aspirant who want to get overview of Oil & Gas sector.
Excellent course, challenging concepts well explained, clear and rich in detail.
I learned a lot in this Course. Thanks to the Teacher and for the Coursera Crew.
The course was very clear and informative. It was worth every second of my time.
This course introduced everything related to oil and gas industry very concisely
Very good and useful course! It has a good overview of the oil and gas subjects.
The course was amazing. The teaching was quite enlightening too. Thanks alot!!!
I'm very happy to be a part of this best training and thanks to Lincoln pratson
A very good course for the one who wants to make career in oil and gas industry
Excellent! Detailed course with analysis of oil and gas operations and markets
Need more courses on Oil and Gas Industry, including well drilling operations.
It is excellent course , learn many important information. Thank you very much
A great course with significant content about the global oil and gas industry.
Very straightforward, simple and clear to understand the oil and gas industry.
Very helpful course in understanding the operations of oil and gas industries.
The best course on coursera..... I still recommend it to my friends till date.
It's a great course where you can easily learn about the oil and gas industry.
The Presentations were well organize and Presentation was well done 10000000%
Very nice course very informative and disciplined that what I liked excellent
I have learnt alot about basic knowledge of oil & gas industry, marketing etc
Excellent course to know about Oil& Gas industry, from exploration to market.
Excellent course providing a fundamental introduction to the Oil & Gas world.
A good course for everyone even for those already in the oil and gas industry
A overall good course to enhance ones knowledge in the field of oil and gas.
Amazing course! Really good professor that explained everything really well.
It was really a great course including all aspects of oil and gas industry.
Very Useful Course! Suggest to fulfill everyone from oil and gas industry!!
It is clear and simple..Covers both Oil extraction and Economics of oil....
I thought the content was well presented and made for a worthwhile course.
Great course! Valuable  informations, with a good learning of O&G markets.
Excellent organization and presentation of the information and objectives.
It is a fantastic course about my field . It has really polished my skills
one of the best course.i am chemical engineer so it's more helpful to me.
It was a good course ,enhanced my knowledge and clear,simple and precise.
outstanding explaination by mr. lincon.cleared my doubts.very informative
Short and Sweet: A to-the-point comprehensive overview. Awesome course!!!
This course has helped me a lot in learning about oil and gas industries
Very useful and accurate and a very important overview about this sector
Fast, direct, informative -> just what I´ve needed. Thank you very much!
really enjoyed doing it....it was quite informative thank you coursera.
Every engineer working in Oil and Gas business should take this course.
I hope that some of the theorems can have more graphs to illustrate it.
An amazing introduction to those interested in the Oil and Gas industry
This course provides great information about the oil and gas industry.
This is very good course for petroleum engineer.thanks for this course
The course instructor was excellent and the matter was explained well.
Loved this course. Very nicely explained and covered all fundamentals.
This is really helpful and contents are available in very good manner.
very good, could be better if more information about commodity future
gives a very simple yet crucial outlines of the oil and gas industry.
Easy to understand related to this course with video learning method.
Great Course with Great Explanation Thanks Coursera & Duke University
I have learned a lot about the Oil and Gas Operations in this course.
Very informative but the two weeks seem very tight for the homeworks.
Very useful for everyone related to or just interested in the oil and
Very didactic, clearly expresses the concepts and has good material.
Very useful  gaining knowledge about oil and gas industry in detail.
I recommended this course to everyone as a start to petroleum world.
Very good structured, clear concepts and good additional literature.
The professor is nice and he is very good at teaching this subject.
Great course to learn the ABC of Oil and Gas Operations and Markets
In a short time you will understand the complete Oil & Gas Industry
Very well done. It perfectly matches the description of the course.
A nice short introduction to the energy sector. Highly recommended.
Excellent teacher, with great expertise and knowledge of the area.
Great course, simple explanation. Had a great learning experience.
Great course explains every expect of oil and natural gas industry
Very useful course for me. Working in this grown up learned a lot.
awesome introduction to Oil & Gas Industry operations and markets.
Thank you for the great opportunity, it was an insightful course.
All incoming chemical and petroleum engineers should this course.
it is too much effective to get overview of oil and gas industry.
Excellent course for learning. The project portion was also good.
Great course providing overview of the industry in simple manner.
great initiative to  learning oil and gas field...more to come...
This course tough me more about oil and natural gas industries .
One of the most helpful course ever very precise and interesting
In two weeks you can learn a lot about the oil and gas industry.
Very relevant for people interested in the oil and gas industry.
A brief yet high in content course, greatly taught and essential
Excellent course. Articulate, precise. Enjoyed every bit of it!
"Thank you so much for giving us the opportunity to explore ...
The professor delivers well the topic and is easy to understand
A brilliant and eye-opening course to the world of Oil and Gas.
Very interesting course, with clear and understandable lessons.
Highly beneficial for those who are a part of Oil & Gas sector.
Well strucured course with relevant content. I am so impressed.
Excellent course for basic understanding of Oil and Gas working
Short, to the point, yet detailed. Lovely diagrams. Very clear.
Lincoln Pratson is a great lecturer. I really liked the course.
Coursera helped me a lot on gaining knowledge about petroleum .
Very good subject, it give us a overview of Oil & Gas industry.
Insightful course. covers the whole breadth of the industry in.
It's really really helpful for petroleum engineering students.
It was a great course, The professor's explanations are clear.
I really enjoyed this course but I cant afford my certificate
Really enjoyed this course and learnt a lot! Thanks very much
Very interesting courses,,thanks Mr.Lincoln for ur efforts...
Thank you, Sir Lincoln Pratson, Duke University amd Coursera!
Excellent course, an eye-opener into the Oil and Gas Industry
it was great i learn a lot . THANK YOU for the information .
It was a great experience for me to be a part of this course
It is excellently delivered and really touch my target point
I really liked this course. Well designed and so informative
This course was a great insight to the oil and gas industry!
Great course giving a lot of knowledge in oil & gas industry
Excellent course, very good content and a wonderful tutor..
Knowledgeable presenter, good introduction to the industry.
Very informative course. Totally worth the time investment!
Great course. Good material, well presented (pun intended).
Had  an amazing experience and gathered a lot of knowledge
This course is deepening my skills in oil and gas industry
Great Course. Much more in depth than I would have assumed
Excellent Course for the Employee in oil and gas companies
Great course that  will really help me in my career path.
This course is excellent! It gives me a lot of knowledge.
this  is a very expensive and new experiences in feeling.
This is helpful industrial information and satisfaction .
a great course. thanks to coursera for the free course :)
Several important points are learned in the oil industry
Good Course. Brings out minor details and good learning.
Very good course for oil and gas industry professionals.
wonderful course. Learn a lot of things about oil & gas
The course deals with the basics of Oil & gas industry.
it's a useful course for me to understand this industry
A good MOOC to learn much about the Oil & Gas industry.
excellent course to understand the oil and gas industry
Everything was perfect and also the flexible deadlines
Great Course! The course covered more than I expected!
A must for everyone working in the Oil & Gas Industry!
great for beginner level with few basic understanding
I strongly recommend this course. It's really useful!
Excellent. Simple, Logical and straight to the point.
Very interesting course I learned lots of information
very good and i would recommend this to every student
An Incredibly educating and self improvement course.
Nice content and the teacher explained in a good way
Very well explained each topic, precisedly on point.
thank you for this wonderful course,Hope the best :)
Good course with in depth introduction.Superb course
It was really a great experience for me , thank you
I need it free because I enrolled myself as a Free.
Very detailed course , easy to learn and understand
Very good entry course on the petroleum & gas field
Excellent course. Very informative and interesting.
Very helpful course for professionals and students.
This course will be very helpful in my near future.
This course is excellent !! I highly recommend it!
Thank you for providing this comprehensive course!
Had an awesome experience during the study period.
Excellent. It is really helpful for the beginners.
Excellent program which was incisively explained .
Excellent course, need more course similar topics
It's an excellent course, the information is good
Very clear courses with a great focus on the E&P.
Great essentials to know about that big industry.
Really liked it, very concise and easy to follow
Short, sweet and to the point. Very good course.
great teaching skills and give a good knowledge
Diversified, solid data back-up, clear content.
Excellent presentations and content. Thank you.
Such a great course about oil and gas industry.
Great start for Oil and Gas Operations/Market .
Very good overview of the oil and gas industry!
Easy to get certified courses through coursera
Excellent course with a well qualified teacher
Very Informative.....Great Learning Experience
Knowledge of the Oil and Gas industry enhanced
Great Course related with oil and gas overview
Excellent overview on the industry and Markets
awesome. I learnt a whole lot from this course
Good introduction to the oil and gas industry.
The course is excellent and knowledge gaining
awesome course, one must definitely take this
Nice and brief course with good understanding
Very good topic and explanation by professor.
Best intro course to the Oil & Gas Industry!!
Very well organized course...Just Go for it.
Best Course on Oil and Gas Industry overview
Thank you for the lessons Professor Pratson.
Helping us to get more thing about industry
Very productive course, highly recommended!
Very Comprehensive and Enlightening course
Thank you Sir it was really helpful course
The course is really very nice and useful.
Amazing Course. We must have more of those
Great course! Thank you! Highly recommend!
It is a very useful and essential course.
Great knowledge and excellent instructor.
Awesome experience. Thank you, professor.
every petroleum engineer should done this
Great course, everyone should learn this.
Very great experience. I learn enough !!!
Very informative and a captivating study.
very good course , i really recommend it
Excellent course for Geologists like me.
Really simple. Great knowledge acquired.
Very interesting course, useful as well.
Best online course on Petroleum Industry
Covered a lot of basics of O&G industry.
It provides over all picture. I love it.
The best helpful course Thanks Coursera
one of the best course i have ever done
Brilliantly delivered by the professor.
Highly recommended. Really Good course.
Quality of the course is upto the marks
Very interesting and usefull, well done
Very well-structured course. Thank you!
this course was an awesome experience!
Thanks a lot, it gave me a lot of info
It´s a good oportunity for a student.
expecting more courses on Natural gas
Better Sharing the world like Family!
Feeling great by learning new things.
I have learnt a lot form this course
good courses thankes duke university
A perfect course with a good ontent.
what a great course, thanks coursera
Great course but valuable knowladge.
Geart Course! Thanks Duke University
Very compact class, I learned a lot!
Thank you for this valuable course.
This is best course in every aspect
I'm very excited to do this course.
Awesome and informative. Well done!
it was a very knowledgeable course!
Highly informative and interesting
Very complete and easy to follow.
Great course for the beginners !!
Great course for a newbie like me
Awesome Course. Totally Worth it.
Great course for a complete nubee
Very informative and interesting.
Very informative and good course
its very good learning experince
very good and knowldge enhancing
it's graet and amazing formation
Exciting Course. Useful for all.
learn and enjoy with this course
Easy to understand the concepts!
One of the best courses online.
It was great experience for me.
Great and Informative lectures.
Very informative course..thanks
Awesome course very informative
it's very usefull and important
Great course !!! Thank  You !!!
great course i ve learned a lot
well paced and very informative
NICE IN EXPERIENCE IN LEARNING
Very educative, worth to study
Inspiring and fairly condense!
Very useful information thanks
very detailed learning session
great videos, tons of learning
Got to learn a lot! Thank you!
Excellent precise course work
Well presented, Good Teacher.
this was really useful course
Super. Very educative course
Great course. I learnt a lot
IS IT WAS A VERY GOOD COURSE
it was great and informative
Very good short introduction
Excellant course for basics
Excited and Looking Forward
Amazingly structured course
Informative and good course
Very Nicely designed Course
Well paced and interesting.
Indeed a very good course.
It's good for whole study.
A very good starter course
Thank you Duke University
Great overall information
Very complete, amazing!!!
It was a nice experience
It was interested course
Got a quality education
nice course and useful
Thank you so much sir.
It was really helpfull
good course for market
This course is helpful
it's very informative
Very educative course
It was a great course
Very nice experience.
fun course.   thanks.
Really good materials
It was really great.
informative that was
It's a good course!!
I enjoyed thank you.
Informative course!
Well Explained....
Vvery good course
Very educational!
nice to meet you
awesome to learn
Informative with
well presented
Very complete.
thank you sir
Very Usefull.
Great one!
So useful
thanks  ♥
Though
