This course is very inconsistent when it comes to JavaScript. Instead of giving fundamentals of the language, course instructors prefer to give you a bunch of non-standard libraries and teach you a couple of randomly selected methods which could be applied to images. All core concepts such as data types, data structures are explained very sketchy. OOP paradigm isn;t explained at all. For example, they give you a line of code which goes something like:var x = new SimpleImage("...");no explanation of what SimpleImage is is given neither you are taught how exactly it works. Apparently, this course relies heavily on self-learning the lib docs given on their site.All together this leads you to simply monkey-coping lecture materials into code editor without even realising how it works and what it does. This course is at best serve observatory purpose to give student just a peek at what web development is like.This course could not be used as a solid foundation fow specialization.
This is NOT a beginner's course. There is not enough coverage of fundamental programming concepts, and too much playing around with complex application concepts such as Steganography.  Simple image manipulation is a good way to teach programming concepts. Teaching bit arithmetic in a first programming course is NOT. Also, there are many errors in the videos that should be corrected. And finally, this course is advertised as requiring 3-5 hours per week. What a huge underestimate! I have been programming professionally since 1989. Other than week 1, every week requires closer to 8-10 hours at least. Stop advertising this as a beginning course, or restructure it such that it is more appropriate for beginners.
The teachers and instructors really should make better videos and stop giving peer edit assignment when people are picky and do not grade your assignment. The instructors should also give their contacts to let their students contact them when the discussion forums dont work
A giant and complete waste of time. $79, and 1 month of work and it's all Javascript, no java. Worse yet, you are required to work in BlueJ, (google it) with custom Javascript functions that you are not allowed to view or use outside the course. So, none of the code you write in this course will ever be able to be used anywhere else. (The functions probably are in a minified file, but the students were not given access to that file.) A complete waste of time. I would give it ZERO stars but can't submit this rating without giving it one star.
Tutors reading from a teleprompter comes across as robotic, lifeless and boring. We should be told before we do a piece of work that we can only submit it by upgrading, not afterwards!
not everything that we are tested for is taught. for example in week 2 we never learned how to add filters to pictures and questions related to it is asked in the graded quiz and the try its. I do not recommend taking this cause. very disappointed!!
Anyone could have taught this course because the whole thing was scripted. All the "Teachers" were doing was reading from a prompt instead of using their actual knowledge to actually teach. This course was obsessed with their own JavaScript library that they never taught basic JavaScript foundations and principles. They barely gave you what you needed to complete their assignments and then when you review their example code they have extra functions and code that isn't listed in the assignment. Yet they expect you to know it without explaining it. I cannot recommend this course unless you are specifically trying to learn the Duke Universities specific libraries. Oh and their dukelearntoprogram.com shows just how much they do not know what they are doing. The website's interface is not user-friendly and a big mess. They really show that they know nothing about useability yet they are suppose to be teaching about the foundations of programming. Yet they can't even make their own website functional. Makes me question the quality of learning at Duke University if this is how they represent themselves.
This course is misleading in a lot of ways. It is not for beginners at all. The quizzes in the course are beyond impossible. The lecture videos give an introduction to some concepts, but you are left on your own to figure everything out. They do not provide the proper tools to enable students to understand or pass. Reading through a lot of the discussion boards, there are two types of students: 1. those like me, who have never programmed in their life, and cannot figure any of this out, and 2. Those who have all sorts of experience and write things that are way advanced for a "Beginners" course.Do yourself a favor, and seriously do some research on appropriate programs before signing up for this one. It needs to be structured way better than what it is now.
The most terrible course I have ever seen in my life and on this site. For some of quiz questions, you feel like you are dumb because you can not make connection between lectures and quizzes. I really wanted to learn java on coursera but It seems impossible to me. Focusing on rbg values and image thingies too much and making me feel uncomfortable at quizzes after watching all those lectures are the main reasons of giving 1 star.
I learned eight lines of Java code in four weeks, and we never implemented any of it into a web application (viz, a script that actually runs in a live website).  Read a book instead.  It's cheaper, takes about the same amount of time, and you learn a lot more.  I gave it a star because one was the minimum.  It should be zero because it wasted my time.
Definitely not a course for a beginners, very confusing. The part with the Javascript is a real horror for beginners and even challenging for some newly programmers!
The JAVASCRIPT part of the course was to difficult for me I didn't understand enough. I would like to see more tutorial.
i want to leave
Too much fake excitement and enthusiasm by most of the instructors (not all of them), they put too much effort in acting, ending up being bad actors instead of good (or just normal) teachers. they have the technical and subject matter expertise for sure, but as a learner, i cant get past the too much bad acting in the course - its a constant massive distraction from learning... i feel this course was produced by someone with a background of making cheap entertainment shows on TV. too bad, as the course structure could have made it a promising one! in short, there are many better options out there, this one is not recommended!
This is a terrible course, starting from Week 2. This can't be a beginner course for Javascript. The assignments seemed nearly impossible for someone who has no experience with Jacascript. The lecture videos gave some broad and generic knowledge about what a variable is for example and then the assignment asks of you to change a picture's pixel colours without explaining to you how that works. This is a really disheartening course for someone who has never done any JavaScript in their life. I won't even talk about how devoid of charisma all the instructors were.
it's way too easy. I would say after one completes this course, he still has absolutely no ability to get into real web development work. No JQuery, no IIFEs, almost no JavaScript application besides the simplest functions, no Layout instructions, no css style conventions, no media query. The only 'real' method learned insert picture depends on Duke's server while it doesn't have to.
I didnt learn a thing after week 1. Week 2 is horrible and it just gets worse from there. The tests/quizzes tell you to go back to the videos to help understand the questions, if you got them wrong. When the videos dont answer anything in the first place. If you think you can figure it out, by all means, try it. But i wouldnt recommend this just on how poorly done week 2 is.
Really poor course. Rather than starting from the basics, this course picks random information to work with. Week 1 was information anybody with a computer knows. Week 2 was really good. Week 3 and 4 were completely useless. Rather than starting from the basics they jump into picture manipulation and encoding. Don't take this class if you want to learn about coding.
Concentrated on image manipulation which would be ok if you wanted to build visual websites for a living. If you want to code anything like business applications (like I did) I wouldn't do this course. Because pixel manipulation wasn't something I was interested in (in the JavaScript section) at all I found the course really boring but it was too late to pull out.
So many better options out there to learn to code. The videos on this course had me so confused that I eventually gave up and went to another website to learn what I was supposed to be learning here. Asked a question on the forum that another student was also having a problem and nobody answered me. Very very boring. Try somewhere else.
I wanted to learn more about programming, but instead I found myself tested on RGB combinations and building a website straight out of 1998.  The course is scatter and although it claims to be for beginners, it covers programming concepts rather quickly.  If i hadn't taken other programming classes, I would have been lost.
Week 1 and 2 were very useful. As a beginner, I learned a lot about HTML and CSS. Week 3 was a big leap to JavaScript, and the level of difficulty was the reason why I quit the course.  Concepts are not well-explained, a lot of material for completing the tasks is missing. Please make JavaScript part simple for beginners.
I cannot use this course.The learning steps are two big and not explained.Instead of taking us with small steps, they show a bit of content (insufficient) and expect solving it without prior knowledge. In this respect I have had much better course with Udemy; would have expected better teaching skills on Coursera.
Its not detailed in explaining the method. I am a fast time HTML learner and the course starts by giving an assignment to "try it" but as a first time learner I have no idea what I am doing. The instruction videos are very very shallow!. Are they assuming students are pros before they sign up for the course?
I quit this course as it does not live up to the specialization which it begins. JavaScript is not Java. The course description should clearly state that JavaScript will be taught and that it will be used to draw boxes of different colors. I was extremely let down by this course.
Honestly not a very well designed course.  I went through the videos and tests for weeks 1 and 2 and found that it's just rushing us through the basics while not really telling us much.  Much of it was "here's an introduction to a tiny detail... You go find out the rest"..
Please give the course name the right title so people can choose it properly. I searched for Java Programming and the course says Java programming and Software engineering fundamentals so I choose it but when I open up the course it says Javascript, HTML and CSS .
This course, starting from week 3 in NOT for beginners ​ at all. If you are truly new to programming you would understand nothing from the Java Script part of th​e course. A lot of people complain about the same issue during the course.
Poorly designed and explained. You do not really gain much knowledge from this course.I would not recommend my friends and basically others to take this course. There are far better courses out there for much cheaper prices.
Not satisfied with the course.Please see other programming course like python and matlab and see yourself that there is a lot difference between them and this course.please improve and make a mooc.
The instructors overly explain simple concepts and talk about programming inbetween makes the course confusing then you get lost and quiz you on stuff that was not properly explaiuned
This is a lie. I do everything. I complete week 2 and now i come back to watch videos about week 3 and i see that i dont do anything.Can you imagine ?Good job guyz.
The jump to javascript is too great for beginners.  Fundamental concepts of programming severely need more time spent on but are in fact glossed over too quickly.
Very poorly structured. Explanation and examples were not very helpful. should revamp the course content and video lectures (specially the steganography part).
The instructors rushed through the Javascript part. Unlike the previous sections, this section assumes that one knows Java and its syntax beforehand.
I drop at the beginning of  the Javascript, before Javascript, everything is good, after Javascript, "What are they talking about"?
The faculties are not that energetic. It seems like they are just reading the lines which are kept in front of them.
Reviewed course material as a quick re-cursor, some segments were informative - the course overall was very basic.
No ancillary reading material or text to help along with the assignments lead me to fail the course.
Not everything is explained well so very challenging for someone with no prior coding experience.
Bad structure. Poor quality. I earned no pracitical knowledge after. No recommendation.
wow. the presentations are really boring! the Java script part is super confusing!
Not really useful ~ I would like to email in a PDF file of comments
so Basic It does not require 4 months practice yourself its better
Too much emphasis on taking tests versus actually programming.
This stupid website won't let me drop out of this class.
HTML and CSS is good. JS search for another course.
This course is not relevant in the real world.
Professional work is being looked over
Last week was incredibly difficult.
This is not for beginners at all.
This is NOT a beginner course.
This course sucks.
Locked tests
The first week of this course was great, and then the second week was a huge leap up in terms of expectations for the exercises.  There was not enough instruction to enable the learner to do the exercises, leaving them feeling demotivated. I'm switching back to the course I was doing on Lynda.com instead, which was must more thorough.
No help in discussion forums at all.
This course is the first course in the Courser's Java Programming specialization, however, it uses JavaScript to teach high level programming concepts. If you want to learn JavaScript, this course is not for you. If you want to learn Java, this course is not for you. The course mainly solves image manipulation problems with Duke's proprietary JavaScript IDE. All the details are "black boxed" so you can't see what's in the JavaScript functions. I believe this is the wrong way to teach newbies because too much abstraction is never good. Also, as a man, I was personally offended by Professor Susan Rodger saying she wanted to see more women in programming. More woman means less men and that is sexist. As a supporter of equal opportunity, Duke University should take disciplinary action against Professor Rodger. I will not financially support any University that allows it's faculty to express inappropriate personal ideology in a classroom setting. I do not recommend this course, or any course with Professor Susan Rodger.
This says it is a beginners course that you don't need any prior knowledge. That is not true. I'm a beginner with no prior knowledge and I found this course extremely difficult to follow. The videos did not "dumb" it down enough for me, the "Try It's" were very hard and I found I couldn't figure out how to write the code they were telling to do in these "Try it's" They have resources and keep referring you back to the video, which I did not find helpful.  I had to seek external help from other programs and people(not in the forums, because they were useless and many people had the same questions I did and there didn't seem to be any good, working, useful answers). This was a very frustrating course. I would like to finish the other 4 parts of the specialization but I will have to wait and come back to them after I have take other course to get a better understand of how to write JavaScript, CSS and HTML.
I's not exactly class for the beginners. First half covers HTML and CSS and quite understandable and easy. Although, it might also help that I had class completely on HTML and CSS in the past, so I actually know what to do to write necessary code. The second part is on JavaScript. And here is where problem starts (at least for me). I didn't take JavaScript class in the past and it was all new for me. Professors try to explain it in few lectures 10-15 minutes each and then they expect you to write couple of programs and to make some project from scratch in few days. Sorry, maybe it's just me, but I got to have much more then about an hour of explanation to do so. I would highly recommend anyone who is new to JavaScript to take JavaScript class first and then to start this one. And no, I'm not new to programming.
The structure and pacing of this course both feel off. In a lot of instances the projects don't seem to line up with what was taught in the videos, thereby making the tests extremely difficult. One of the projects had me write an algorithm to identify/change the colors of pixels on an image. While interesting, I questioned the practicality, and relevance of this exercise. Algorithms can be used to edit an image on a website, but wouldn't learning how to write an algorithm that automates a task on a website have been more relevant?Overall this is not a class for beginners as it requires a certain level of programming knowledge before starting.
I really did not enjoy using CodePen and Duke's portal to complete the assignments. They are unrealistic to use in the real world.Secondly, HMTL and CSS felt very straightforward. However, Javascript felt like an entirely new world. I think lessons and extra time should be taken to explain the semantics A LOT more slowly and methodically than what was done. I found myself severely confused for the large part of this class in the last 1/3 of the course.
Speaking of beginner level it is good until you are learning css in it . but as java script starts this course becomes a headache , not because javascript is difficult but they made it difficult . instead of going with basics they teach you to manipulate images . which is not every one's interest field . they should improve their javascript course . other than that it is ok .
HTML and CSS were GREAT. JavaScript was very confusing as it did not teach me what each part of the code meant, including the syntax --- and hence I was unable to understand anything by Week 4, despite having listened to all the lectures and participated in the all the activities. I wish JavaScript's structure was more consistent with that of HTML and CSS.
No consistency, from very easy web design fundamentals to advanced Javascript with no explanation videos to help over a series of quizzes and assignments in week 3 lesson 3.
l did learn some basic programming with this course, however, there were several issues.  Overall, I might have been better off learning the material on my own for free.  The biggest downfall, in my mind, is that the course seems to have been abandoned.  Mentors don't respond in the forums anymore, and you used to need 3 other students to grade the work on the projects, but now you just mark it as done.  This means in theory you could get your cert without doing any of the projects, just by doing the quizzes, which you get multiple attempts on and feedback and clues for your wrong answers after each attempt.  In my mind, that makes the certificate much less meaningful.  Additionally, I spent large portions of the course feeling lost.  It's supposed to be a beginner course but it feels like the already expect you to have a fair amount of background knowledge.  They use jargon that a complete beginner might not understand, and I felt like they skipped over key concepts and expected you to figure them out.  This led to difficulty doing the coding assignments.  Assignments that were estimated to take an hour and a half took me anywhere from 4 - 10 hours each and I feel it's because there weren't enough resources.  There are almost no actual readings, and the videos are helpful but don't tell you everything you need to know.
This course could be very useful for extreme beginners trying to wrap their heads around programming in HTML/CSS/JS.  It has some decent fundamentals, but it gets way too granular on image manipulation and really lacks in just about every other applicable application you'd like to use HTML/CSS/JS for.The hosts were actually pretty entertaining and they definitely do a great job of presenting the material that is provided, but it just seems very much lacking in terms of content.It would have been great to see more topics pertaining to things such as implementing CSS/JS into HTML, using a real IDE, creating navbars, display properties, mixins, using preprocessor tools, etc.
I was very disappointed in this course which held much promise. Too much of it has to do with the changing of colours. I got bogged down by hex colour requirements and other ancillary requirements. I did not want to learn such things. I wanted to learn the methodologies of programming and how the statements in HTML, CSS and Javascript interact. All of these areas were only touched on in very minor ways and with little learned. I got more out of the books I borrowed from the library in the same timeframe.
I had to refer to a lot of other resources to make the jump from the very basic information that was given in the videos to the much more complicated assignments and practice work. I feel as if I am basically gathering knowledge from many other sources to complete the assignments here rather than learning the information here and being given enough explanation to move further with application. There is not enough advanced instruction in this course to do the problem solving that is asked of you.
Waaay too basic and simple for a comprehensive principles course. One or two concepts is not enough to gain an understanding. The power behind online learning is that if it takes you three views to understand it all, you have the luxury. Please beef up the videos and the assignments. The assignments had no feedback mechanism so I could easily plow through them without any knowledge of whether I did them right.
The focus on image manipulation is confusing and makes code really hard to debug, especially when referencing external sources for functions. Simple text output and arithmetic would be more helpful. The graphics theme seems like a bit of a gimmick. My assignments are all buggy and I can't fix them because the source functions used to generate the images are beyond my skill level.
Actually it's rather hard to understand how JavaScript works if you'd never learnt it before this course. And all this comments like "write a programm before start the quiz" hold me up to ridicule, because as a beginner I don't understand logic of writing.HTML & CSS are simple, so there's no problem here.
Very very basic course. Learned about HTML ,CSS in initial classes. Then it was completely JavaScript. But there was no details about how to use JavaScript for web programming. Projects and Quizzes are kind of ok difficulty. I will recommend this course for the people who are not aware of programming.
Instructors should write codes on professional code writing softwares such as brackets or visual studio and not on their own made softwares. We wont use your softwares to work professionally but rather use other softwares.  The codes written on codepen does not work on other platforms.
I'm confused as to why there was so much emphasis on domain knowledge rather than a good, solid foundation of basic principles. I'm also failing to see how much of this is going to be applicable to future installments of this course.  As a starter for a Java course I am worried.
Would have benefited from more fundamentals. Course goes into making things quickly, but fails to thoroughly explain the concepts behind what is happening. Fine for a quick crash course on web development, but not recommended as a foundational introduction to programming.
The course contents are pretty good, but the suggested time to complete each week's assignment is misleading.  I spent on average 2 hours for each assignment that suggested 10 mins to complete. I end up spending way to much time on this course than I planned to.
okay for an intro, not the most boring content. It is a bit aweful that the insist on you using their libraries and programming environments. You spend perhaps 20% of your actually practicing coding, and the rest is wasted in libraries you will never use again
I really enjoyed the first two weeks. When it came to JavaScript I couldn't follow, so much information was missing and lessons were not clear anymore. I understand that the goal was to teach the most in a short time but this was not the right approach.
First two weeks of the course were ok, but after that it became something like JavaScript clap-trap, oriented to playing with images. I wanted to know how to make web-pages, I didn't get that information from this course.
This course could be better with more explanation on founding fundamentals. Basically, the whole course was based on just imitating codes without understanding what are the actual meaning of each code.
I think it would be better if the lessons are taught by only professor instead of  3 or 4. Afterall , to many cook spoil the broth. Still i would like to say professors are really good.
Not a great course for JavaScript especially, i really did not like the fact that they just skipped classes completely and we were forced to learn their pre-buit classes and functions.
Final assignment is too difficult to do for beginners.  It's crucial for them not to pass the course unless getting a certain score on the final assignment.
All the modules but last are really interesting and informative. The last week's module is very poorly explained, a beginner cannot really understand it.
Good course but I dont like how you have to finish each module within a week it would be better if you could finish everything in fourweeks
The lecturers are speaking very fast. Some times  at the code practice it is not understandable how to solve the problem.
There are a lot of issue with quiz. Even when you write the correct answers it marks you wrong for it.
very poor content on Java Script. If you just started JS do not take this course. It will be too hard.
The course is a bit of a show. Maybe that's good for teenagers and Millennials, but not for me.
The course focused so much in interacting with images instead of the HTML, CSS and JS subjects
bad explanations, nothing you can do at exams without researching from external sources.
showed me 4 videos and no course instruction, am bummed really wants to take the course
All the lectures should be simplified and shown by actually coding by the instructors.
More programming basics about Java Script should have been given.
faculty is not good....the way of delivery is not proper
There was no response on the query raised on the forum.
not focusing on the important fundamentals
Poor course material explanations.
There are some very good concepts and attempts at teaching here but there is a lot for frustration too. I have some experience working on GUI programming not quite the same but I understand that sometimes things just don't work the way you want... in this case though lots of concepts aren't explained or aren't linked together. We are given very specific examples without enough reference. When learning new things you build on the old, you can't just say in the last lesson we learned concept x so here is concept y. Now go figure concept z using concept x and y without any knowledge of z. It would be nice to take a few extra minutes to build from the base up so you know x+y=z. We never got that. The lectures are fairly informative and you do get the chance to learn a lot of new concepts but you aren't given enough to really implement your learning and by the time you figure it out you're usually so frustrated that you don't want to continue. The first week was awesome and I really enjoyed it. My webpage turned out well and it was easy to use but once JavaScript was added in the learning became disjointed. I'm disappointed that I didn't get to see that before I paid for the course because if week 2 was the first week I would not have taken this course. The worst thing though is that I found that the "Try It" options came before we learned the concept! So I would grit and struggle and fail for hours (the time estimates are so far off for this course) and then finally decide to just move on, only to learn the key concept I was missing wasn't taught until the next lesson! That is so unbelievably frustrating as a learner. On top of that, some things just didn't work in the Duke Learn to Code Program for no reason causing me to have to export my code and refresh the page then reenter my code. So I would spend so much time thinking I did something wrong when I didn't. Then when I was working in CodePen on a problem I actually did everything correctly but the files from the Duke website wouldn't come over wasting time trying to fix my code I went to the forums to find that there is a coding error on Duke's side that prevents the image library from working properly. They provided a solution but that solution does not work! I wasn't able to test something I worked on for hours and I was so frustrated. Why wasn't that issue added to the "Try It" instructions? Then I wouldn't have wasted my time. The forums are fairly helpful because the mentors reply and are very good for the most part with their explanations; but not one of my classmates replied which is interesting to me because I saw one post where over 20 people reviewed my code and didn't know why it wasn't working. Most of the posts I saw also showed the frustration I felt with some of these concepts.So, I think if you have some experience with JavaScript and watch the videos in order without stopping each week then go back and do the "Try It" options you will be more successful with this course. I certainly don't recommend for a person without any experience and I would reorder/restructure everything in this course to be better for the learner.
It was a good experience to learn front end development. But, I feel this course was not at a beginner level. I could understand some concepts only because I had prior knowledge, so there could have been a better clarity on topics. The discussion forum feels dead, I had to debug my code myself which is a good thing for building experience and knowledge, but it just defeats the whole point of having a discussion forum. The reading material could be improved for better readability and understandability. I wanted to complete the specialization very badly as it would enhance my resume, but now I have doubts about it.
Well, I think I learnt some things about JavaScript, HTML and CSS. However, the course hasn't been focused on programming with JavaScript to solve real problems. All assignments are based on the creation of images from scratch, the modification of these images and hide messages in an original image. I really don't think these types of assignments can help students to learn Web technology. In fact, I know some professional Web programmers that they don't use javascript to manipulate images but in some cases when it is really necessary. I'd change the way of how the assignments are presented to prove the students' skills. For example, a possible assignment could be the implemention of a counter on a Web page using JavaScript or the creation of a web page with buttons, emerging messages, menus etc. On the web (Googling), there are a lot of codes that allow these funcionalities and could be used and modified by other students to create their own Web page.
Course was ok, I expected more. The main downside is the use of non-standard methods like SimpleImage, which is not something in the standard library and that is not even explained until you are well into the course. I don't understand what the point is of learning to use it, when it can't be applied in the future. Also, not using a 'real life' IDE really diminishes the value of the course. I understand that using the environment provided makes it easier/faster to teach the material However, in my opinion, the benefit of learning to use the proper tools is essential, and leaves significant gap in knowledge that I, at least, find frustrating. I hope the next class on Java is better, but I already see a download of yet another course specific IDE, which leaves me skeptical. I will give it a shot, but I will cancel if it is like the first class. It's very disappointing, this course seemed very well rounded and had such great potential.
The course is well put together, however they say you do not need any programming background, but you definitely need a little. I had to use other sources to help such as Codeacademy and Udemy just to keep up. The do not go over loops, conditionals or basic C foundation that would help. The leap from HTML, CSS to JavaScript is massive. They need to relook some of the topics and either more videos or add in some easier teaching methods. I took a similar one on Udemy (that was free) just after I completed this one and it was 10x easier to understand and closed so many loops I had when learning JavaScript.
50/50.  It was my first try to program something and to learn something about HTML, CSS, and javascript. I was motivated only in the first week. Next weeks  I felt lost because I could not understand most of the things, I just copied the code from the lectures.  Fortunately, my husband is a computer programmer, so he helped and explained to me a lot. I finished this course just because I always finish what I've started.
However, I would like to thank the professors for their work. I would suggest making this course more interactive with peers and instructors and make the tasks more enjoyable.
Introduced me to some cool ideas, web services and ideas for basic web design but isn't really a beginner course. I've switched over to a similar course from University of London. The lecturers in this course were very stiff and scripted and not overly simplistic in their explanations- something essential to avoid frustrating those of us just starting out. If you want a course that teaches you the basics from the true beginning but doesn't make you feel like you're an idiot for not understanding try Responsive Website Basics from the U of London & Goldsmiths.
This was an excellent course, even though i gave it a score of (3)I am new to programming. The course start at an excellent pace but then shifted where I felt lost most of the time. Maybe, thats just a learning curve for programming but I felt the concepts could have been explained a little better or have better walkthroughs. But that is just because i felt lost and was deeply trying to understand. Most of the time, I understood the concept, but just couldn't write the code. But still, excellent course. I am moving on to Course 2.
The first two weeks the course present a reasonable pace for beginners. The second two weeks, when the Java Script is introduced, the projects suddenly become very hard. It is assumed you understand binary numbers. Coding is introduced without a lot of explanation of Java Script syntax or methods or what actually happens when you write a line of code. The idea of hiding an image within an image is interesting but I do not see that as important for beginners web developers- how is this relevant to building a web site?
This course is divided into 4 weeks. The first two weeks are about CSS and HTML. I started this course as a beginner and was able to keep up with it for the first two weeks. Week three material isn't explained at all and for a beginner, it is very difficult. I wouldn't recommend this course to a beginner at all. What i did like about the course was that the material is organized but that doesnt help if you dont understand what is being taught. I dropped out of this course at week 3.  Good Luck.
Underlying concepts are not explained very well and if at all they are mostly not linked to the methods these concepts are realized with. Sometimes there are logical breaks and it looks like different parts of the course have experienced different turns of revision so the course does not like 'made of one piece'. If there are different ways to solve a problem or get around with an assignment explanatory videos with a synopsis of these ways and their upsides and downsides would be nice.
This course was a very mixed bag, the videos were boring sometimes and don't seem to convey programming concepts very well. The assignments were sometimes fun but took way longer than expected as it was hard to understand the basics from the lectures. Debugging in Duke's own environment was often a nightmare. I've done one previous course teaching Python a long time ago but that one seemed to me to explain programming concepts in a much more understandable manner.
This is not a course for beginner. They teaching you how to use their custom libraries instead of fundamentals of java script. I learned javascript in my university 15 years ago and it wasn't that hard to learn that time. :). The instructors seems to be reading script except " Robert Duvall"   Robert Duvall teaching  from experience and i like his explanation. I hope next course will be better than the first one.
I like the fact that course provides the foundation information but the support received is far from sufficient. Most of the time students are on their own.  Don't expect to get your questions answered in forums timely. Your best friend is Google. Also the JS file that you would use for your assignment is not reachable and there is no way you could let Duke know about it and fix it. So a big bummer.
I will give it a 3* review as I really enjoyed and learned a lot in the HTML and CSS part (first 2 weeks), but the java script is really poorly covered. It is too hard and with no "translations" on what the hell is going on. The Duke University team is good and they obviously know what they are doing, but they need to review this course and make it more simpler... :)
The mini-projects in the course were fairly interesting as you get the opportunity to work with images which even as an experienced programmer is something you may rarely do.  However, this course has no reason to be in a specialization on Java programming.  Completing this course felt like somewhat of a waste of my time just to check it off for the specialization.
A good course for introduction to concepts, the concepts are not very well flushed out in the lessons and leave the student having to search for other materials to learn the concept well enough to apply it. On the plus side that does help reinforce the material but the amount of time stated in the commitment brief is not correct for this course.
This course was okay at best. The last two weeks focused too much on image functions and making. While I get that this can be a 'fun and practical' example, it became stale and annoying. It was more stressful than anything else. I really hope the future classes in the Specialization aren't designed in the same way. Variety is not a bad thing.
It is a good introduction into programming. The lessons are based on projects and is more practical than theoretical. This is also a problem and challenge for those who are complete beginners. I spent way more time in the course than the stipulated time. For those with zero knowledge, you had to rely on other resources to get you through it.
For the eager student maybe some more resources should have been shared. I was hoping to learn some production quality environment basics e.g. the ideal editor, best practices etc.That said- I really liked how the 3 components, css, js and html were stitched together to help understand interactive webpages using js.
The use of Codepen to write code instead of a normal IDE was really confusing and the fact that the teacher doesn't write the code while explains it, instead, the full code appears out of nowhere. Despite that, the teachers are good, I just didn't found a purpose in putting this course in a java specialization.
Week 1 is very good and you feel like you will really understand all this! Week 2 and 3 are just very complicated and not for beginners at all! This course requires a lot of time investment outside the course hours - a lot of research and time. Javascrip should have been explained in a more detailed way.
thank u so mach for this course it was simple and pretty good for the first 2 weeks i really enjoyed it :) ; but the other two weeks though ... i had a hard time there , if you try to improve it , the js wasn't  understandable at all or at least mention in the course info that js background needed !!
it started off as being for beginners but after a while it was rushed and made it extremely difficult for beginners to keep up. Please dont just tell the student to go and write the code for something without giving a hint.  Also, there were math mistakes in the course material that are easy to fix.
Some Teachers did have  good explaining power but some not. While This course was interesting for me. This course of html,css was not complete. Here the part of css was not described good.They were just focused on green screen effect and images. None of them Explained how to design the webpage.
Good course in theory, but there's no way to enforce students actually completing the assignments. I didn't feel challenged by the material, or encouraged to do the assignments. I knew enough about HTML, CSS, and JavaScript from another course, that this course didn't teach me anything new.
I enjoyed week one a lot, but after that you need a fair amount Javascript knowledge to follow along. I decided to not complete the course as it was no longer worth my time at that point.  If you do know Javascript you should be ok, if not I'd stay away from this class until you do.
Moderator answer in a very short time. I was impressed of that. I think the course should add a video to explain more in details some concept as variables. many of my issues were coming from deep doubts i had about this. maybe explain variables on hardware and variables as pointers.
I Found this course to be interesting at the start. As I gradually completed all my videos and exercises from week 1 and moved to week 2, I found some contents being difficult to understand. Now, I don't know if I'm the only one, but some concepts were left not explained in week 2.
Good overall but the content uses library and other content that make it hard to apply the technologies to the real world, an emphasis on orienting the content to 'from scratch development' would be duly appreciated I think. Nevertheless interesting and well presented over all.
The teachers and instructors really should make better videos and stop giving peer edit assignment when people are picky and do not grade your assignment. The instructors should also give their contacts to let their students contact them when the discussion forums don't work
A good course for an absolute beginner, but skips over quite a few important topics and details. Would rather recommend the course by John Hopkins Uni (Prof. Yaakov is simply amazing) if you would like to learn even more, like about GitHub, bootstrap, dynamic websites, etc.
student needs to read a lot out of this course in order to solve the exercises!the course materials are not enough, and they focus more on images, while this entire course for beginners level, it should be fundamental stuff. overall the course is good but needs more changes
I find this course a little bit difficult to understand and maybe not so well organised. I don't know if I just had issues with my english or it was not the best course structure. I will try the next course with Java specialisation and I will see. Regards. Catalin Dimu
It's a good course and I have learned the basics about HTML and CSS, but the lesson about the green background alghorithm it was difficult and I couldn't understand, also the third and 4th week's lessons weren't easy to understand. Thank you very much for this course
The tutors were very good with the lecture videos but the only thing I didn't liked was that, this whole course was revolving around manipulating the images. We should have been taught more about styling web pages and make them responsive and interactive.
Overall course is good , the way you teach with new concept like "Green screen algorithm, Steganography". But i expected more concepts and fundamentals of HTML,CSS and JAVASCRIPT  i.e extra attributes, methods, functions and son on should be explained .
I think there should be more training in the continuity of writing the JavaScript Code. For example, there were a few sessions where I was confused about why my function wasn't working and additional information from a previous week was needed.
Good explanations provided in videos. However no one answered or provided assistance when posting works on forums. Still waiting on feedback on my work and answers on my doubts. Poor assistance to students when they are struggling.
This course is more of a programming basics course rather than web development course. So only opt for this course if you want to learn programming basics. This doesn't teach any web development basics of html, css, javascript.
At 68 years of age, my purpose for taking these computing course studies is to measure how far we have traveled since 1980 in solving problems through data patterns; we are still asking results, WHY!--Beresford A. Davidson
Lectures are good, however support is poor. There are mistakes in some quizzes that need to be addressed. See numerous postings in discussion area. There is no response to questions posted in discussion areas.
it was an amazing journey with Duke teachers.It really helps me in the new and basic Fundamentals of Programming. I do appreciate this way of learning & invite other students to join this program.
The content and explanations are excellent although it seems to me that they focused only on the part of image design when in programming there are many more more interactive utilities
I would be happy for more thorough explanations. At times it looked like for people who have some previous (basic) experience with programming. Still a nice course though.
Good introduction to very basic stuff. I skipped many videos and found the same information on the internet. If it wasn't part of the specialization I wouldn't pick it.
The course was a little light on describing some programming concepts that I would of struggled with in the exercises had I not had previous experience.
Everything is perfectly defined and explained but also there needs to have more focus on amount of content and resources which are not taught in this
It is a very neat and organized learning experience. It is not perfect (nothing is), but it is one of the best learning experiences I have ever had.
This course lost focus in later half and I nowhere I felt learning JS but just using JS as a tool to learn most of Image manipulation techniques.
All the basics for beginners. Some step by step and some things make you think and research more references. I think that's a great combination.
This course is very difficult. I recommend only taking it if you have some experience with syntax. Although very challenging, I learned a ton.
The first week was a bit slow, but things picked up a bit after that. If you have programming experience, this course is not very challenging.
It should be possible to complete the course (in the coursera environment) without paying. I want it to be in the "completed courses" section
It was a good course and I thing which i would to convey to you people is, can you please give the solution to the mini-project as well.
HTML and CSS were well explained and clearly cover. However, some of the JavaScript was glossed over and very difficult to follow.
stated as a beginner course, but you need to have known a lot of coding prior to beginning the course. MUCH research is required.
Lessons are too compact and some of the videos too long and full of content, so it's hard to process all the information at once.
I wish there were more in depth examples instead of providing a code and telling us what it does without explaining it further.
This course is fine, but by week 3 and 4, it is already getting very advanced. It is quite impossible to finish within 4 weeks
While this is a good intro course, I don't think this course delves deep enough into JavaScript to be applicable in practice.
It is a good course, but I'm not sure it's simple enough for beginners - it doesn't teach you all the steps you need to know
Really frustated with this course.  Lacks of explanation on the javascript part. Don´t think is recommended for beginners.
can you provide me the honor certification,i have passed the course but didn't get the honor certificate.please see to it
Material is relevant. Most of the assignments require student guesswork, writing functions not covered in the lecture.
It is not supported by enough exercises, examples and suggested reference  books and it is limited on specific point
good course but had some difficulties in loop vidio and the assignments were far too tough than tought.
Although you might learn something, this course is not well organized. I wouldn't recommend it.
good course but mentors take a lot of time in clearing doubts and sometimes don't respond.
Though it is a nice introduction, I would have expect a more syntax learning lessons.
Good course, however, there were a couple of glitches with the Simple Image library.
this course is better to understand with enoough material of html,css and javascript
With CSS HTML is everything okay, but JavaScript I don't understand in this course.
I learned a lot.  Still, I wish the explanation were more geared toward beginners.
Took this as part of a Java specialization but would not have taken it otherwise.
Instructors are so wooden on video. Very monotonous and seems unprofessional.
sometime i felt it's about the example not the Javacript coding and learning.
could go more in depth into different functions and ways to use HTML and CSS.
I have got  a great pleasure in this course.Thanks to all the teachers.
There are more interesting courses on Coursera on the same topic.
Materials are great, discussion forums are not properly attended.
not so deeply and some topics are missing which shoulb be there
To much javascript, after that it can be hard to focus on java.
few of the assignment questions where incorrect and unclear
i am learn lots of thing in this course so i am glad.
Cannot participate in graded work unless purchased.
It is  most important topic for  web developer.
Can be mprovised in terms of course content
javascript part is not covered in depth
Can't be completed without payment
HTML/CSS - easyJS - extremely hard
lectures should be more detailed!
its very good for beginners.
Hard to understand JS part.
Should Make courses audit
Not Detailed course
It's ok...
Before I get to the good part, please take note of this.Caution: Do not take this course if your sole purpose is to learn HTML, CSS, JS. There are much better and comprehensive courses available to do that. This can be a good course if you plan to pursue the specialization. It introduces you to computational thinking and the skills you learn are transferable. The mini-projects are fun to do and you have lot's of ways to tread the road less taken. (Go wild! Even with limited knowledge of JS you can still explore a lot. The scope is endless)The learning curve is steep if you only consider HTML and CS. At a lot of times, you will be on your own to discover more HTML elements and CSS features. Make sure you make good use of the DLTP platform. Their coding interface is extremely beginner-friendly and allows you the freedom to experiment. Overall a very good course for anyone looking to get started with programming (NOT HTML/CSS/JS)
This course is a gentle, beginner-friendly intro to the basics of programming, via Javascript, HTML, and CSS. A few thoughts: (1) While the course focuses on "web" programming, there isn't really much focus on principles of good web page design or anything. The web page assignments are mostly just used as ways for beginners to create "real" web pages. (2) I think there's a good mix between the videos (which are short), the quizzes (not too long, and with plenty of chances to get them right), and the programming assignments (which are frequent and short, with clearly defined parameters). I spend the vast majority of this class actually writing programs (which is good!). (3) I think there might have been some room to (selectively) introduce more "advanced" elements from HTML, CSS, and Javascript. (I'm thinking here of optional readings or something).
While I think this course has a lot to offer, I felt like this wasn't a true beginner's course. There were many parts that could have been scaffolded by the teachers more with smaller practices. I felt like, even though I understood the material and got good scores on the quizes, I was often asked to create functions that I wasn't yet familiar with. In my opinion, I should be asked to practice and perform what has been discussed in the course and any further help or resources should not only be directed, but also explained. This course assumes that the student has a lot of prior knowledge and understanding of basic programming terms, syntax, and math. For what it's worth, I don't consider the quizes as exercises because they are graded. I did, however, enjoy the course and am happy with the progress I've made with the instructors' guidance.
The course is great. Loved the HTML and CSS basics. I do have a couple of recommendations for javascript part. There was no example of how to integrate javascript to an HTML page. i.e., just a small example of a web page where user can upload an image and then process it would give a complete understanding of javascript. I do understand that this specialization is for Java so you don't want to concentrate on js much but that would be helpful.The steganography example seem a bit complicated for people who are new to programming. I personally loved it and in-fact found it very useful to not just program but also to learn more optimal programming but in the courses that I checked, most students seems to be struggling. You may want to revisit the video introducing steganography.  I would still suggest you to keep this as part of curriculum.
The programming environments used in this course probably won't be used in real life, they are used to get the very basics of programming.But I recommend it for absolute beginners with no knowledge of computer science whatsoever,someone who already knows at least one programming language already will probably be bored by the semantics, but what I really found useful was the step by step explanation on how how to solve programming problems, without using a block scheme or intuition.No teacher ever explained that in detail to me before.I heard they are cutting out the steganography project, or adding it as something optional, but that was actually very fun, hiding images in other images, as though I was a spy, sending off a message that would save that world...But,laughs aside,it felt like I was doing something practical.
HTML, CSS and JS materials were covered and were made easy to understand. CodePen and the Write Your Own websites cooperate great with the course. The quizzes are simple while I found he coding practice challenging and yet not too difficult.My only concern is whether the materials covered would help to build a realistic website, say, the homepage of Facebook or Google. It seems though I've finished the course, I still have no idea of how those webpages I see everyday works, let alone code them myself. The following courses in this series focus on Java, so ...By the way, spending 2-3 hours for a week to finish it as soon may help against forgetting. HTML, CSS and JS seem disconnected before you make them cooperate. Cheers!
interesting programming topics selected. Modifying image is something that everyone could relate to as everyone must have encountered with digital image before. The use of pencode which is WYSIWYG editor makes it more interactive and current. A huge improvement from the plain, boring Python platform and text editor.Most of the instructors facial expression are so dead, and flat-voice delivery makes it a chore to watch. Think how youtube tutorials engage their audience and makes it entertaining to watch. But maybe that's too much to ask for a traditional institutional lecture. Overall, this is one of the best intro to programming video I have watched. The lessons choice are relevant and could be followed with ease.
The HTML and CSS sections were very easy but some of the JavaScript sections were hard to understand from someone who had never really seen JS before. So it might be good to have some background knowledge on the subject or to do extra research outside of the class if it isn't something you pick up on right away. But JavaScript is one of the hardest languages to understand in terms of programming, so I guess that's also normal. There just aren't a lot of examples in the first section of JavaScript so that can be frustrating. The instructors are helpful, however, so I recommend taking advantage of the forums because they're pretty awesome.
The lecturers kept looking away from the camera (probably the prompter or slide not sure XD) which felt as if an unprepared student was giving a presentation in front of a class/audience.The website/online IDE for this course - CodePen wasn't recognizing the JavaScript Library SimpleImage.js for some reason although i followed all the given instructions(to include the URL given by the lecturers in the <script> tag).The lecturers can be a little less "dramatic".The Lecturers explained every part of the code enlightening on the meaning and syntax of each and every keyword. I really learnt a lot from this course. THANK YOU!!
The content was very useful, especially the lessons that focused on applying the scientific method to computer science. I liked the fact that most concepts were taught, and then reviewed again at the end of a video, solidifying what I learned. I did find the quality of the videos to be rather lacking. As someone who develops online courses for a living, I suggest using two cameras so that you can switch between two views when a cut is needed to prevent jumping or leaving mistakes in videos. The professors definitely seemed nervous, but I suppose that goes away with time. Thank you for this awesome course!
Pros: 1) structured manner           2) extra /bonus challenges and study materials           3) questions are intermediate level and neither too basic nor too advancedCons: 1) If you want to learn HTML,CSS, JS in details then this is not for you.            2) this was more of a crash course rather than a basic course           3) this is definitely not for people who are just starting to learn these things, this course is for people who want to already have the basic knowledge            4) sometimes their code doesn't work on codepen, that is why they prefer their own environment/online platform
I would rate 5 but some exercises felt way to hard to figure out using just their resources, I had to rely more on other sources than I expected but I would rather have a course where the challenges are well explained and enough examples provided as tools to understand what we are learning and how our projects are supposed to work. The discussion forum is a great place to go figure out things, many times I got stuck I quickly could find other people having a similar issue most of the times. Great experience on my first course online and definitely considering taking the next one.
Im very happy to see that the authors improved the course by actually showing the students how to integrate JS  and HTML. I still can't understand why its not allowed the access to the projects to students that won't purchase the course. There are several of other courses @Coursera that require payment only if you want the certificate.  I guess that hundreds of students would be happy to see that as the general procedure. Thanks to all the authors for such a wonderful material. Im continuing to the 2nd level of the specialisation.
Overall the course was great, with a nice variety of topics and plenty of time to complete it. Difficulty wise, the course was not difficult, however, some sections were a little bit confusing. Specifically regarding the JavaScript portion, some of the instructor videos that I viewed didn't really help and instead caused extensive use of outside for help. Sometimes the instructors would seem a little bit unprepared for the presentation as well, resulting in videos a little bit less polished than it could've been.
The course was really good. I am web application developer myself and I learned some new things here. One of the most important things that I learned here was Steganography. It was a new concept for me and I'm glad I learnt it. The JavaScript part of this course I must say, was very poor. It wasn't designed for beginners like the course mentioned. You could have taught some basic JavaScript stuff instead of just focusing on image manipulation. Anyways, great effort teachers! Thank You for teaching us.
In this course, I got the complete knowledge about javascript, HTML, and CSS. but the teachers here taught me to work on a particular website, i.e. codepen.io (which is a very good website no doubt) but while making webpage we have to write HTML part and CSS part and javascript part altogether and in codepen.io we were taught to make the webpages by writing HTML, CSS, and javascript in different window panes and the result comes. But how will I know, that how to write all these 3 parts altogether.
A useful and interesting course. The professors do a great job at explaining many of the concepts.  My only suggestion would be to make some of the Try It! Challenges a little easier to comprehend, and that there are some concepts we use in assignments or quizzes which are not well explained; I had to go to the Discussion Forums sometimes to understand what I was really supposed to be doing. I got to take this course for free though, so it was very much worth it for me.
The course is not for a complete beginner who doesn't really know what coding is. But it is for beginners who know what basic programming is, what loops are,etc. The course seems a bit fast, each and every concept is not explained in detail. The course seems to be designed specifically for the last assignment which a creating a web-page. The teachers are good, resources are good and you understanding things does not become a problem. Overall a very nice experience!
I am really learning how to create a website. The instructors/professors, that are teaching this course, and the way the online classes are set up, make easy to follow and easy to understand. I did not expect something like this online, right to the point no fluff class type teaching, besides I've always want to learn how to read and right behind the scene website, instead of making it from PowerPoint, and not understand why idea is not being executed.
Decent course for introducing JS, HTML and CSS. However, very vocational and does not teach much theory, only a lot of practical stuff. It was also not very challenging. I think that teaching technologies isn't the best way to learn Computer Science, and teaching concepts is a better way. Overall though, a shoutout to Coursera for sponsoring this course and to Duke for having prepped the resources well. I did learn quite a bit from this course.
The way the proffessors deliver there speech is amazing and in a very lucid manner.One-Liners questions between the videos is really a nice way to enhace students mind so he remains involved and keeping him/her bound to that topic.I really appreciate the  efforts of proffessors who taught me and all other students out there selflessly and with utmost devotion wihout asking anything in return.SPECIAL THANKS TO COURSERA.
Nice course. However I do not understand why javascript is treated in a way that separates it absolutely from its web-related applications (it is treated as a general purpose programming language, which it is nowadays, especially once node.js came to the fore, but still - it is primarily web language and it would be better to treat it as such, even more so when the rest of the course is focused on html and css.
Seemed to lack a little in terms of continuity. The mini project seemed to require knowledge that was taught and had to be sought outside...which while real world situation isn't the intention of a source. It means you might be required to rely on other peoples code instead of learning how to write it. I think probably the course has evolved over time and some parts have become somewhat disconnected
Great summation of the three languages, and the steganography (honors) was a delightful bonus! However, I would have liked to work with the languages perhaps outside of codepen.io. As great as codepen.io is, seeing these three in action in (and I could be wrong about this) a less "batteries included" environment would have also been helpful. Otherwise, everything was explained quite thoroughly!
A create course for beginners. You enter the world of programming really fast and get an overview of eeverything you'll ever need in the future. The intructor's videos are clear and precise and well guiding and the ressources are just amazing ! I just finished this course and I feel like I can do so much with programming with this only basic knowledge. Can't wait to begin the next course !
Overall I enjoyed this course.I learned basic HTML, CSS, and JavaScript coding techniques and gained a foundation that will (hopefully) make other coding classes a little easier. Help on the Forums is always accessible and you can search posts from previous classes to help you muddle through mistakes. I wish there were a "Live help" chat feature; I think that would be great!
I'm not sure how good can this be for a total beginner, but it's pretty good for someone who needs a little refresher. As a way to learn from the start, videos are too "shallow", with just pieces of information needed to understand the concept and some totally irrelevant parts (at least at that moment) - for instance - about storage of images and publishing rights video...
It was Good, wish "window.CP.PenTimer.MAX_TIME_IN_LOOP_WO_EXIT = 6000;" this code was added in the class videos could have saved me 10hrs. I have had asked a question in first week discussion form, didn't get replay. Looks like there are a lot of question there for one person to reply all. Other than that, I think I learned what I have paid for. Ready for more class !!!!
Hi,I'm very glad to have attempted this course. I found it a bit difficult because I didn't have much experience in Javascript. For me it's been difficult to find a new way of thinking  and some specific theory about  algorithms (ex. order of the functions or variables' writing). Maybe it could be good a particular course on that.Thank you.
Good if you can get some assistance from outside the course. It doesn't explain some things, which ma leave you confused. I had NOT used the forum for help, since I could get assistance from elsewhere. IDK if the forum is useful for this purpose. Overall good course but should explain more clearly. Would recommend. 8/10 good for beginners.
I really like the course, it is all explained well in the video's. What I found less perfect was the documentation page for this course. It seemed to miss quite some info which I learned to find on other sites. This was a great learning experience in itself though. Only one exercise (making a blurred image) wasn't clear enough for me.
Through this course, I learned like how to make web page interactive using Javascript and even CSS. You can learn it if you have a will. It means this course provides everything for you to learn. One thing if I have to add would be compactness. I know this module is amming for specific one. But I want to learn more about html and CSS.
The programming development  environments BIC & DLTP are very helpful. BIC with the Chrome console helped get unstuck on a couple of occasions. The presentations & the exercises effectively impart the basic concepts.It would be really nice if the quizzes have a button to confirm answers separate from  the button to submit.
It's a great course up to when you start dealing with arithmetic calculations. I was wishing for a clearer explanation. Also, something about explaining the structure of the coding, i.e. the syntax, the tokens, etc. that are being taught seems to be missing. Otherwise, teachers are great and the course is very engaging.
To be honest, it's a great course but the only tackle I have been getting with is the concept of using a library and objects without fully knowing how the return value is set to the object and playing around with methods in such a vague way. Maybe that's because I have learned C++, not to the fullest extent, but yes.
High quality content. The instructors are very clear and it's a real pleasure to follow the course. I just found this course a bit short. HTML and CSS are only briefly mentioned which would be fine for a programming foundations course, but here, the mention of HTML and CSS in the course title is a bit misleading.
Good intro to CSS, HTML, and JS. Took as a refresher and seemed to cover most of the important stuff and provides some good programming fundementals. Quizzes were somewhat confusing at some points. I didn't really find the whole "learn coding with colors" to be my thing but that's just me. Overall a solid course.
It is a good course. It has some interesting information. But sometimes is a bit boring. I'd be glad if the code samples were more explicit along the essays, with short explanations. Perhaps it would help us to visualize and make it more natural. But I have an understanding of coding and its elements now.
Gave me solid foundation in HTML, CSS and JavaScript and equipped me with knowledge and tools to make more complicated projects of my own.The course was easy to follow and using projects that were able to be presented "live" allowed for the student to be immersed in the work and the tasks given to them.
It was a great course with a lot of "Do It Yourself" tasks , with all the help one might need being available in the videos as well as the resources/documentation links provided for further operations. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to have the basic understanding of how Webpage scripts work.
My previous review is : This course teaches NOTHING about JAVA! Does not worth the money and time! After I learned more about coding I realized I was wrong that it is very important to understand HTML, CSS and JS before learning Java. The only thing is that I wish this course teaches more algorithm.
So far I enjoyed and learned to many concepts about programing, I have none technical background so for me this is like learning a complete new language with different alphabet, they explain in a clear way, with examples and easy language, the Javascript part could be more specific but it is fine.
The course was good in content. The way the things were delivered was really amazing and uses of CodePen for practicing is also a nice practice introduces to us in the series. Thanks Duke for providing us with a good course to begin our learning in making interactive and attractive web pages
Very good course for beginners, but some of the practical examples could have been done better.For example it would have been nice if the course had taught how to execute JS code directly from a webpage, with or without using CodePen.This is the only reason why it gets 4 stars instead of 5.
only reason it gets one star less is because your doubts are not personally cleared by mentors and you have to wait long long time and still not sure that it will be cleared. The answers of students are shared by some of them but sometimes you still can't identify the bug in your code.
This course starts from scratch and it does give you a brief detail about how the user should advance. The reason for giving 4 stars is that by week 2, the pace of the course increases which seems a bit difficult to cope up with. Otherwise, this course is really good for beginners.
The HTML and CSS portions as well as the beginning javascript lessons are great.  However, towards the end of this module the instructors seem to stop teaching and/or expect knowledge way above 'beginning' that make it necessary for me to teach myself way more than I expected.
I really liked the structure of the course, in general. The question on the quizzes were also very well written and aimed to test the acquired knowledge.I'd love if by the end of this course, we would have a website a bit more useful for career purposes. Still a great course.
A great and fun way to learn fundamentals of programming and basics of HTML, CSS, and Java Script.  Exercises were simple and very good to reinforce what was learned on each session, plus they included challenge exercises for those who need something a little less basic.
I thought the videos and examples were good, but when it came to the assignments it seemed like there was a steep self-learning curve. Made the course a bit tougher than I had expected, but overall the information was good and will be beneficial to me moving forward!
This course is a great course. It gives you concepts and teach you how to apply them. It also provide good exercises and programming problems. I was just wanted the course to add more materials and more lectures about HTML and CSS. Thank You for this great course.
Great Course! The course is presented in a great way. The green screen aspect of this course was interesting and kept me aboard. I specifically loved the steganography extra section at the end. That was a very fun and interesting thing that I had no idea existed.
My only complaint is that the activities all use a preprogrammed library - so instead of familiarizing myself with “common” handles, I now know specific ones that only work if I reference this material in my script. That said, the projects were fun and engaging!
Good overall beginner course but definitely for the beginners. Only the last week may be interesting to people that already know a bit about HTML and CSS, as the JavaScript part at the end has some interesting assignments; like hiding an image in another image.
the course content is good if you are a beginner, the projects are interesting specially the Steganography part in the honors content, however, if there was a bit more detail provided, about developing a webpage, this course would have got a five star from me.
The exercise were good and the project was interesting but the overall teaching was not really great. The teachers were looking at the screen. It was not natural and hence sometimes felt a bit awkward. Other than that a great course with lots of resources.
Granted it's an online course so there's not the back and forth provided at a physical classroom. However, the presentation of content is efficient and if an individual puts in enough time and effort, they'll get what they're looking from with this course.
I liked the course; but I wish there would be more explanations about content. Videos didn't give enough information about miniprojects. However, course is designed well  in a way that makes you to understand better with practices after every chapter.
The for loop part isn't clearly defined you may struggle in this part but everything else apart from this is fine.  You may wanna consider this course if you are a beginner in HTML and the best thing about this course that it has no pre- resiquites.
Very nice way to start, as long as you take it seriously and AREN'T satisfied with doing the bare minimum just to complete the tasks and strive to do the best every time, even if it implies taking twice or thrice the time 'suggested' for each task.
it's a good class, learn something useful, something to improve: the reply in the discussion board could be faster, the instruction of the programming exercise could be more precise. but it's still very good class, better than average in coursera
Informational, but the videos need better sound editing. The sound of peoples' saliva made me rage-quit a few times. Speeding up the videos help a bit. Also, the Javascript information was taught WAY out of order in terms of difficulty.
A good introduction to programming in general and in relation to web apps.  A lot of focus on just a few problems, mainly graphics manipulation but a good starting point I think.  Looking forward to learning much more in future courses.
A good course overall , i feel i learn new stuff i didn't no before. The only odds i would say about this course. Iss that when we need help we ain't get any form the forums.So we've get lost and we are moving around and going nowhere.
this course was so useful  specially when it comes to how to solve problems using concepts like working on a smaller version of the problem and try to generalize the solution, the problem sets were fun too .. glad that i have took it .
Got pretty challenging towards the end (Week 3 and 4) which was cool since I like a challenge. Really informational videos that go straight to the point and they explained everything perfectly. Excited to do the next four courses
Decent introduction.  Should consider more assignments with automated submissions.  Maybe bonus assignments with automated submissions just to develop a broader introduction to different parts of the various languages discussed.
A good place to start if you are absolutely clueless about web programming. This course gets you comfortable enough to start exploring on your own and they don't assume previous knowledge which is the best part. Loved it!
Week 4 was a big leap from week 3. Difficult with less time to complete the project. But course was good . I think course could be extended by adding 2 more weeks so that more practice sessions could be given to students.
very nice soft start into programming, for someone who has some background would not be challenging but encourage them to continue through this specialization where it will be more challenging through the specialization
On the whole it was a great experience. There were a couple of spots where the instructions are outdated (how to include the source in the HTML in week 2) which caused some time wastage, so that glitch should be fixed!
there are some issues with using Simple Image functions in Week 3 and 4 of the course (even with the troubleshooting), which makes it harder to complete the necessary work. however, it has been educational regardless.
Good course for learning how to code in JavaScript and use HTML and CSS to enhance it in order to build a webpage, but I felt that some of the mathematically-oriented exercises were a bit too on the theoretical side.
It was great to finally get to know about things I've been wondering for a long time. I got lost from time to time and struggled to keep up but, at the end I think I get the benefits the course was meant to provide.
The javascript section was very good and helped me develop my programming skills. I really like the seven step approach and using it work through the exercises. The HTML and CSS sections were not very useful though.
Although I am a beginner to Javascript, it was really easy to learn the basics with the precise presentations of the lecturers. The  coding exercises were superb. Thank you very much @coursera @Duke University
It was fairly decent, I learnt a lot but I do not really enjoy how the teachers help the students. Just saying that we should re-read something is not very helpful. Maybe give some more examples instead
This course is great if you are new to programming. The lecturers explain things very well with nice examples. I would have liked to learn more on JavaScript in the course, e.g. objects in JavaScript.
I feel that the source codes for image production should have been briefly explained. This course just gives the link the code but not the explanation. Then again this is a great introductory course.
This is a great course. Teachers are full of energy and desire to teach, examples are easy to follow (not so much at the end) but it is a great course where you will learn a lot. Highly recommended.
Maybe it's because my English is weaker than I expected or I am just less smart than i thought but it wasn't easy. But i'm thankfull for all of this. Greatings for everyone who maded this course!
I am highly obliged that I got an opportunity to learn and enhance myself in my precious time.I have learn how we can utilized our time and gain some knowledge by using such learning platform.
The course is perfect for being a beginner but writing the JavaScript functions and not using the university function would be better, so we could apply what we learn offline using local IDE
Having no programming experience, this course really challenged me and took longer than estimated for me to complete. I enjoyed it though and plan to take other courses to continue learning.
Videos were kind of awkward. Delivery was shaky but I could still understand. I wish the exercises had a bit more hints because going to the forums for each exercise is kind of impractical
This is very good course and learn many different things. It is very easy to understand the concept of HTML,CSS, JAVASCRIPT .mini project is very  good  and there webpage is very creative.
Everything apart from Steganography was well explained with examples. I liked that the quizzes were fairly engaging and required programming exercises to familiarize you with the content.
It provided me the best knowledge of HTML / CSS and JavaScript that one can have in short duration.For deep learning content should be more like dealing with more attributes,events,etc.
An Awesome Course  that goes step by step in introduce you to Javascript and its wonders ,building base in Javascript , and also introduces in depth  image processing using Javascript .
The course is good I just find it a little bit boring, and I also wanted to learn Java not javascript html and css I don't understand why this course is included in the specialization
Overall course was great and I learned a lot. However, videos were sometimes ambiguous and some concepts were not elaborated upon when the viewer (sometimes) has no prior knowledge.
The course was very interesting and well presented, but I had troubles with my certificate because Who verified my final proyect was another student and he took the wrong proyect!
a very good, well-taught, hands-on course. I got a bit bored with so much image editing, but I recognize that's a logical way to teach the principles of JavaScript programming.
The course was great and I am able to create a basic website with specific functions using HTML, CSS and JavaScript, which is amazing! Thank you to the professors at Duke <3.
It's a great course to learn the basics, plus you get testimonials about how some are doing in the business. Mostly younger college students but never the less, still useful.
It's a very good course. It best fits beginners and gives them fundamental information to help them understand what programming is and how they can think grammatically.
The content of CSS and HTML are really good in this course, but the details about the JavaScript Code are not sufficient, this let me hard to understand the JavaScript.
Only the basics of HTML and CSS are covered here. The most of the course is about javascript implementation to solve challenges on modifying images pixel by pixel.
The theory section is not enough to understand the concept clearly.Sometimes,we don't even get response to our doubts which is doubt of majority of the students.
Very well rehearsed course, well made questions. I would only recommend this course to have the students to use a local IDE like VSC instead of an online editor.
This was a great course for me to get started with developing web pages and I now have a solid foundation to build on while getting more experience and skillls.
very vert helpful guiding teachers. Im a mechanical engineer and now i know alot about js, html and css coz of you guys. kudos to the professors in this course
its a good course and made it easy to learn by duke university .good lectures .could make it much more deep .but gave a basic idea on css ,html,and java script
Great course! Some more descriptions in videos would be helpful. Love the forums, and veryyy helpful and timely returns from moderators on them, thank you!
There are some good golden nuggets to be picked up. You get taught some very logical scientific approaches to programming and solving problems with coding.
This course is Amazing! I learned a lotabout webpages and how to style them. It only fails because we don't see an example of javascript on a real webpage.
nice course butthere should be a plce to collect the hands on work done by students and teachers and ithers must give review of the work done by him/her:)
The information is overwhelming may try a shorter hand on coding practice more often to give learner the time and space needed to realize the information
I liked the content covered in this course and the way it was presented, but I found that sometimes it could have been presented in a more engaging way.
Nicely explained but a bit boring for me. i believe that is my fault, because i don't like web design and i also knew a lot of the things in this course
I have learnt basic HTML , using CSS styles for improving the look and feel. The major part was altering the Document Object Model using JavaScript.
The lectures were easy to understand, projects were challenging but the discussion forum helped a lot! I wish the discussion forum was more active.
course is good if you wish to know more about technical stuff like javascript rather than styling and creating a beautiful looking website with CSS
An excellent introduction to these disciplines.  Quiz questions and the font size could have had some minor improvements, otherwise excellent.
This course teaches absolute basics when it comes to programming, with a few tips that give you an edge when it comes to professional coding.
good course. sometimes they don't go over fundamentals and nomenclature so it takes awhile to understand. I seemed to learn the material.
It covers all the basics and the instructors speak very clear, but the exercises and quizzes could be just a little bit more challenging.
i think the tutorials on the javascript and css can be worked on and improve like the html. but it was a great course and an amazing one
Very interestingly explained but since it uses many customized tools, I think it will create problem when I work on real life problems.
designing a web page using HTML and CSS seems so easy after completing this course. week 1 and week 2 bulids up your basics. go for it.
Very basic. Learned a few useful things. Last assignment was fun.Would make a very gentle intro to programmers for complete beginners.
Very nice and organized but the "Try it" exercises should be made easier to read and divided to small steps instead of long paragraphs
Fundamental programming concepts like composition were covered in the course, but it felt like some of the content were too specific.
A lot of stuff can be done in photoshop and later can be processed in web site. We really don't need to learn green screen stuff.
thanks it was very helpful course ! but i hope there will be many examples in videos to help us for more understanding..Thanks !
This is a good course to begin with Web design and understand the fundamentals of interactivity and programming with JavaScript.
it really was a great program. Would have liked if more questions were provided as examples. Hope it helps. Thank you very much
Excellent course! Some concepts can be hard to grasp at first. Proceed very fast for beginners. High expectation but rewarding.
This is a good course, but the TA cannot reply our message on the forums timely. Also the script of simpleImage()doesn't work.
I started out not knowing anything about coding at all, and with this course I am confident in my skills to build a webpage.
it was fun and i got a new knowledge from this course. the lecture or the way they teach was amazing. I enjoyed. Thank you
I learned the HTML, CSS and JS programing foundations thank to the examples and practice exercises which were very useful.
Was very good, but the titles of week 3 and 4 threw me off since I thought they would be seperate weeks, not the same one.
Good for beginners, but personally I feel that the questions should be random for the graded quizzes when it is retaken.
its so so  not so good and the javascript part was not so planned they don't teach us the basics of it. anyways tankyou
Some examples are given via mac and can be confusing for Windows user. Explanations of some code logic could be useful.
This is a good course for beginners but for the more experienced web programmers this is like a good brain teaser only.
Good course. A little demanding for someone who cannot invest substantial time figuring out how to code some problems.
It is nice and very good course which help beginner how to make web page and design it and do something interesting .
Excellent Program for me and all the students, which have basic knowledge and a passion for learning something more.
Nice... the final assignment stegonography I found was difficult to convert RGB pixel values to 8 bit decimal values
Course is too fast to complete within deu dates. Should teach this course for offline coding, not always on codepen
Course was too beneficial and full of knowledge to access HTML CSS and Javascript through programming fundamentals.
This course consists of a brief information.Slightly depth knowledge of html tags, CSS properties  should be added.
There Were some minor issues during the course exercises,aside from that i really loved coursera and this program.
except for a few times where there was lack of explaination, the course is great and interactive, highly recommend
Nice overview of HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Provides lots of practice. 4th week requires more time than weeks 1-3.
thought the breakdown of the tasks and the breakdown of the learning with the intermediate quizzes was well done.
All the points are clearly stated though these are some problems with code pen which may cause unexpected error.
Overall, its an amazing course, however I feel like there should have been more assistance  for the final video.
This course provided me with extra tools and made me a lot more confident to write quality code and build apps.
Good course for HTML and CSS. Javascript could be more in detail..still a good course to understand the basics
I enjoyed this course as it gave me a good grounding in understanding and developing Javascript, HTML and CSS.
Got quite difficult towards the end, some more example pens would have made it easier to grasp the techniques
I am a very beginner and It was very engaging and interactive for me. Loved that was much of practicing tasks
some of the quizzes felt haphazard and too specific, but overall, the material was timely and well presented.
This course is very nice but questions doubts are not reply by mentors  and  find problem to solve questions
Not sure I learned enough do anything productive, but it was a good format for the content that was covered.
This was a very helpful course for me. I learned HTML, CSS and JS in this, which will be very helpful to me.
it is a very good course. Just need some adjustments on week 3 and steganography extraction and duplication.
good but your same code does not run in codepen ex foeground and background problem my code is not working.
i really like how this course teach beginners. and the exercise is very fun too. thank you dear lecturers.
good for beginners! would appreciate if the pace is slightly slower to better slightly digest the content!
Really loved the course. It is very precise and easy to understand Definitely recommended for beginners.
The try it yourself activity is a great thing to improve the skills. Thank you Coursera for this course.
Fun and very helpful, but I wish I could have done more. Maybe we will use this in the following course?
way to beginner, felt it could've gone a bit more in depth coming from a known university such as Duke.
Lectures are boring but the assignments are interesting and useful for the future, and quite involved.
Excellent modules with great explanation and hands on practices.Superb to learn this course.Thank you
This course was very nice, however I found it very repetitive, which tended to get annoying at times.
Simple & Easy to learn with the help of Duke University Thank you for all the faculties for teaching
Thanks to all the Professors for such wonderful explanation. I have learnt a lot as i was a beginner
It was really helpful and I really feel like I learned a lot!! Can't wait to start the next course!!
The course was fantastic! Challenging exercises but will definitely build your programming skills.
Good but I think the java script they jump into very advanced stuff if you have never code before.
Very informational course, but I felt a bit overwhelmed at how fast the difficulty changed for me
This course was a very great experience for me.Must enroll.very educative and value added course.
It is pretty fast paced, I wish there was more studymaterial to help prepare you for the quizzes.
It was very interesting to learn this course on Coursera. Thank you teachers of Duke University.
good for beginners like me having no domain knowledge from computer science. Thank you Coursera.
Its a great course but you need to research some of the information outside the Coursera network
Great course but it focused too much on JavaScript. The Steganography course was fun in the end.
A superior  for fundamentals of web programming.but, i have not received my honors certificate.
The Teachers are teaching well and are very helpfull, but for beginers this is little bit tough
For beginners this course is much beneficial and give a basic knowledge of coding and html css.
It's an amazing course for beginners. my great thanks for all the staff and Duke University.
Great introduction to the use of Javascript and how to publish a simple interactive webpage.
Javascript was a bit challenging and complicated but in general it was very useful. Thanks!
Overall I am very happy with the course.I will continue my education via the next modules.
It was great learning this course from duke university which is made possible by coursera.
its course is excellent,its very helpful for me to increase my  web development skills.  .
Good introduction to the topic, the JavaScript programming modules were the most helpful.
The teachers explain everything very clearly, but the guest videos are a little pointless
I liked it, i would reccomend a bit better way of explaining, other than that i loved it
good course which hits right on the basics , worth the time spend for with good results.
Superb experience... Teachers were great and i got everything whatever they taught..!!!
Everything is explained, there are a lot of examples, but some tasks are too difficult
Amazing videos and great instructors . Looking forward to more projects in this space.
very good, basics to learn programming  but also a bit challenging as overall its Good
Should more work to provide some more efficient programmes but overall Course is nice
I really disliked the use of pre-made private functions. But otherwise a good course.
The lectures explained the material very well and I really enjoyed the entire course.
This is a great intro but it's only going to get your feet wet (if not barely humid).
Pretty good introductory course to html. Very good idea to refer users to codepen.io
decent course for the beginners though it can cover more detail study of the topics.
The instructors are really awkward, which makes taking this course a bit confusing.
This course is very benificial for helping me clearing concepts of html css and JS.
Really enjoyed the course. I like how the instructors lead you through the content.
Extensively detail course and anybody can become a expert after taking  this course
It is good course for beginners , it gives you overview of HTML, CSS and Javascript
very useful and very interesting course you can improve the course with more ....
This course would help for the beginners those who want to start Wed Development.
A Lot to process in four weeks, but overall good explanation and must do courses.
It was a good course for beginners to have insights of html, css and javascripts
Simple and easy way to understand HTM, CSS and the relationship between the two.
This course is helpful for both amateur and senior programmers. I recommend it.
This course is good for beginners. I learned many basic concept in this course.
Very informative and efficient course to learn the basics of JS, HTML, and CSS.
It is very good course for those don't know knowledge for JavaScript, and HTML.
A fantastic course informative and challenging.Thank you for this opportunity.
A good free course offered only at coursera. I am happy to opt this course.
very helpful this course for me.And this course provided a Duke University.
Very helpful course in understanding basics of internet and website design.
it is amazing hard to solve some problems but hasshhh.....hope i did it!!!
Good course for beginners to understand basics of HTML, CSS and JavaScript
A real webpage implementation of Javascript can be included in the course.
A nice and well structured introduction for novices to the world of code.
The Programming part should have been kept as a compulsory assignment.
I really enjoy taking this course. I have learnt a lot since i started
It'll be great if the answers to the quiz can be provided separately.
it was good and I have gained knowledge  in HTML CSS and javascript
I liked the course but the only problem is that it is too lengthy.
Great course. I learned a lot with this course. Love the exercise.
Awesome course and Fantastic Instructors very exited  Very excited
Good explainations. Recommended with anyone to start programming.
very good professors. course really helped a lot. thanku coursera
I think it's too simple....... I finished this course in 2 days.
Very good and excellent teachers. I have a lot from the coursera
Ramps up fast.  Helps if you have done some pragramming before.
Good CousreThis is My First Cousre on CourseThank You CourseEra
Please make and update about some content on Javascript emmcs6
The Course was really good and i enjoyed learning new concepts
was helpful in laying the foundations of my programming skills
The last module felt like I really had to apply my brain here!
Excellent course to learn something new and in different way.
It was a great experience! Very nice instructors and content!
We need more quizzes, want to make projects and to check them
Good Introduction to programming basics and web programming.
good course. Some problems did not have enough documentation
HTML and CSS are good. Javascript is not adequately covered.
Pretty helpful. Not the easiest to navigate for new coders.
Very much helpful to learn basic concept of web designing
it covers a wide range of material in fairly quick order.
javascript was disconnected to html and css a little bit.
don't tell us the basic of javascript else it is best 💯
A very well thought out course and justifies the title.
Very good! Could have used slightly more hand holding.
it would be more good if their english was more fluent
This course is very helpful and contents are too good
very effective course with great programming examples
I learned a lot from here... A good piece of content.
Good learning start to learn web development :)thanks
Need to teach more user-friendly with real examples.
I expected, that it would be a little more difficult
need  project for students to establish skills good
A great course, but it lacked flow at some points.
explanations by teachers is very useful.thankyou!
Good course. Sometimes too easy, but go to start.
Great Course... Challenging for the grey cells :)
I was able to catch up basic knowledge with fun.
good teacher, very nice video and practical task
I have written a review when I gave my feedback.
Basics of javaScript are not clearly explained.
One of the best courses that I have done online
This course is really very good for beginners.
It was a good experience learning in Coursera.
It's fast paced but you do learn a great deal.
nice course with easy and great explanations
huhuhu..kinda tricky but I had a lot of fun
Not quite good although good for beginners.
Good beginner course. Not too overwhelming.
i am learning the more skill and very nice
Very helpful and interesting! Thank you :)
Good teaching and Interesting assignments
good course It helped me a lot.Thank you.
A good course for first-time programmers.
I can create web page using html and css
good. It's easy to the newer programmer.
a very useful and well structured course
Interesting introduction to programming.
Got a great foundation from this course
Very good, too many things interesting.
Needs better explaining on Java Script!
a Very good course with well knowledge
This is good course for the begineers.
Teaching from the scratch, very useful
too easy for a computer related major
It is very informative for beginners.
Steganography Wasn't upto the mark..!
it was a informative course.THANKYOU
It could have been more interactive.
The course is a special one for me.
It was less content-wise and basic.
A great introductory to programming
This course is good for beginners!!
pretty good but very time consuming
good introduction to html css & js
I loved this course, learnt alot.
A great way to start Programming.
very clear to grasp the knowledge
Pretty useful entry-level course!
good course , loved learning it.
Got good Knowledge on HTML, CSS.
Awesome explanation with example
very nice and easy way to learn
Was fun completing this course.
Blur filter not explained well
Good examples. Well explained.
Precise teaching. Informative.
Great for the new programmers
Every must take this course.
Great course, very edifying.
Great course for beginners,
Found it to be challenging.
Adequate and much reliable
I experienced many things.
Nice and enriching course
Good introduction to JS!
Nice introducing course.
The course is very good
Thank you to all of you
Very good for a newbie.
thank you every mentors
very useful and amazing
Great Honors content.
more help in examples
it was helpful enough
Good paced exercises.
very good experiance
Very Informative !!!
Awesome experience>
it's a good course
good for begineer
nice to learn you
like this course
Good Teaching...
good. very easy
Great!! so far
Great info!
Very insightful and helped me learn about the basics of computer science. Now I'm able to better understand the jargon of computer science and can discuss with others or even review codes. Thank you!
My first Coursera course I've ever done and I was very impressed with the platform on which it was presented. My experience was a positive one and I will definitely continue to pursue other courses.
This is the first course I am taking in Coursera.org. The valuable instructors of Duke University designed and created a masterpiece for learners. Thank you so much guys. Greets from Istanbul, Turkey.
A very helpful code which allows you to learn the simple of JavaScript HTML and CSS. Very helpful in building websites and an excellent course for beginners or even people who have never coded before.
I've been learning Javascript with lots of different online courses over the last 2 years and this is the first one that presented the information in such a way that I could understand it. Thanks!
Comprehensive course. Completing the optional assignments are key to developing proficiency. The course provides many resources for continuing study. Worthwhile course if you want to learn front-end web development.
This course was a good introduction to learning how to program a  website. I do not yet feel as though i know enough to build a complex website, but I am now very familiar with website components and can make a basic website. The videos are short, so you don't get bored watching them, and the script is written for each video, so you can read through the lesson, which helped me process the more difficult concepts. I learned most from doing the projects/ exercises. By giving problems for the student to write code for, it makes the learner actually apply the information from each video. (I don' t get those online learning courses that just show video and after video, with no problems given. This is NOT one of those.) I also enjoy the short quizzes, which solidify understanding of concepts. (You can take quizzes again if you fail!) This course was well presented, with projects that students do to get hands on learning of coding to make a website. The only way to learn to code, is by coding! Not by watch video alone.
This was a very good course.  It took me much longer than I thought it would but that was because of my scheduling of time to take the course and finding the errors when something did not work correctly.  I would recommend this to anyone who would like to learn the very basics of web design.
Instructions are great. Each word spoken is important. Listen well, listen again and practice. My only recommendation would be to not just explain a certain function, principle or theory but also give some real world examples of how a function is commonly used for daily web services.
Really a good course for beginners!  You can construct a clear background knowledge about programming, learn to logically think about programming, and practice JavaScript, HTML, and CSS step by step.
An excellent course that is so easy to follow and comprehend. It has everything that a beginner needs. Wonderful teachers and very good content. I really enjoyed this course. Thank you so much!
Some examples of similar projects to our assignments available always would help. There were several times where I was stuck on something that no one had gotten stuck on in a couple weeks
Good Class, Enjoying it
Before I started this course I knew virtually nothing about JS and a bit about HTML and CSS. My short-term goal was to grasp the basics of front end programming because I'm working as a business developer for a software house so I can communicate more effectively with my fellow developers, and a medium-term intent to create my own website from scratch. The lecture pace was perfectly tailored for my routine, half an hour a day from Monday to Friday before sleeping and an hour and a half during the weekend. Professors are well-skilled and they've presented content in a clear and easily understood manner, even though some of them are not that comfortable with the camera and lack some "acting" skills, but you don't expect that all computer engineers are Steve Jobs of public speaking.    Programming tools, learning materials, and course UI are more practical than attractive but everything is just a click away and I've never felt that something was redundant or unclear, so good job Blue Devils, thank you for making easier my first step into the world where everything is a number (even colors) and building blocks of functional and responsive websites are variables, methods, functions, algorithms, attributes, classes, divisions, canvases, event handlers, pixel coordinates, etc.Oh, yes, one of my biggest takeaways, and something I'll definitely use when explaining the importance and the price behind the analysis and design aspects of our services: work the MF'ing example by hand so you know what you need to do once you start writing code, then start asap with debugging until everything is just as you want it to be ;) Cheers,SO
I have tried multiple times to learn javascript and have always failed. This class bridged the gap for me and made it easy to learn.  Great job Duke & Coursera!
I really enjoyed the class! However, after looking through responses that some students received from mentors, I had the impression that some of the mentors behaved contrary to what their title suggestions. Mentors are there to guide students in their learning, however some of the condescending  responses mentors were giving some students were discouraging of learning.  Again, not all mentors did this, but I think it's worth going through all of the responses students receive and providing facilitation training for  mentors  so that they have appropriate responses, criticism that is constructive rather than destructive, for students who may be struggling with their code or the content.
A very good course that teaches many interesting and surprising things. I admit I was unaware of this material. Completely unaware. Creating beautiful webpages (HTML, CSS), creating and modifying images with JavaScript, encrypting and decrypting  images in other images !!! Ooooh !!! What an unexpected joy !!! I did not know someone can do such things all by himself.  I'm really happy  to have gone through this course. One thing. It takes time. I think that the time required that is given in the information about the course is unreal. Anyway I wholeheartedly suggest this course to anyone interested in science, computers, and  is energetic enough to absorb this amazing stuff.
The course provides complete information and guidance for a beginner in Web designing. Me being  unfamiliar with programming before starting here, our mentors and teachers provided study material in such a manner helped me (a fresh comer) learn HTML, CSS and JS quickly and pretty well.  In a month, you really do learn a lot. You require a good amount of self-discipline and dedication for learning any new subject, specially if you're juggling it with a job or being a university student. But the quality of lecture videos, the material provided for extra learning and the weekly amount of work is perfect for coaching you in Web Designing. Good Luck !!!
Excellent course .Just felt that there should be examples that could help someone to understand in a more better way.The videos were good and were very simple and easy to understand then the text.
I really enjoyed this course. I now feel comfortable programming in JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3. I like most of the lectures, and the assignments progressed from simple to more interesting and interactive web pages. I liked the 7 Step Approach to solving Programming Problems. Some of my favorite exercises involved Digitally creating a filter to Grayscale Images, using a Green Screen Algorithm to alter an image's background, and creating digital filters to apply to photos - all on interactive web pages that you create in the course! I find that I want to learn more about Front End Web Development! I was glad that you could take a Quiz over again, and they keep your highest grade! I liked the optional assignments, in case you wanted extra credit, or wanted more practice.  The lectures actual introduce object oriented programming concepts, without all the terminology, which I believe makes the course easier for beginners.
Great course! I was almost a beginner, I have had some experience with HTML and CSS before. This course introduced me in an entertaining way to programming and I am very excited about starting with JAVA. I really liked the short videos that cover the most important things for the practice. I also liked the tasks, they were short and fun. Some things were tricky and challenging for me, but this is what I like, since it helps me to understand things by going into detail. However, I had somebody around to help me when I was stuck and didn't rely on the forum.It's great for me as a woman to see a female instructor (All instructors did a great job!). I am almost 40 and was shy to start programming. This course showed me that it is possible to learn programming and that it is fun. Can't wait to continue the specialisation!
i have taken the whole specialization . so this review is for the   whole specialization  in  general and for the capastone in particular.

the first and the second courses are very easy . but the three remaining courses are a little bit tough 

so you will need to struggle and persist to complete the whole specialization especially the great project .

indeed the project is extremely great . you will use all the concept you have learned through this specialization to implement this great project .... but NOTE this specialization in general and the project  in particular is NOT for a BEGINNER Programmer.  it is for some one who has a background in programming . but overall you will learn a lot of great stuff and concepts .. so have fun and enjoy programming .
I found the course both interesting and challenging and I definitely picked up new skills. On completion of this course, I am able to write a webpage with active URL links, pictures, make ordered, un-ordered lists and make tables with embedded lists and images etc.  In addition I learned how to style the web page with fonts, colors and positions using CSS.           The next section was about image processing using java scripting.  We did steganography , hiding images and text within images. The whole thing was finished with creating an e-Portfolio, which tested everything we learned.
           I enjoyed the course and  am now moving onto the next course in this specialization.
Darragh Merrick
This is a fantastic course, a great introduction to html, javascript, css and programming in general. The best part of this course is the seven steps to solve a problem using image processing which is helpful in solving real world problems rather than some toy samples. This technique is used in repetition for solving different problems so that the student gets a deep understanding on how it fits in solving real world problems. I would definitely recommend to someone who wants to learn programming. You get more worth than the money paid for this course. Kudos to Duke and Coursera, guys keep going. I have enrolled in many other edu platform, but I see a lot of quality and value in coursera.
This is an excellent code for both beginners and novice programmers who want to improve their problem-solving skills. This course does not only teach the languages but also teaches the best ways to approach a problem, and how to implement our approach into coding. I have learned various image editing techniques, gained domain knowledge and even built my own full website. The only downside is that the javascript libraries which is used in most of the exercises is written by Duke itself so I'm not sure if I'll be able to use them outside the course. But these libraries really helped understand the process.
This class is challenging for a beginner but really does teach a lot in a short time frame.I feel that some concepts in week 4 were much harder than necessary for a beginner, but am glad I didn't give up.  Some students said they were dropping it in the forums after having passed previous weeks.   I'm glad I stuck with it though because I believe that I was able to get far enough in my understanding to pass this course and also give me an idea of some things I may like to explore in the future.  It's possible to pass this course even if one of the concepts has you frustrated.  Keep with it!
It is quite rare for any person who seeks to learn a completely new field of study with no background about it and progress remarkably within the duration of the course that Duke University sets. It was a very great experience and an extremely well taught professors who transformed the learning journey into a fun and enjoyable journey. Therefore, I highly recommend it for anyone who has no background ideas regarding the main principles and foundations of JavasScript programming language, using HTML and CSS to design a functional and interactive websites.
I would say this course is really amazing. It clearly explain how to create a simple webpage by using the HTML, CSS and Javascript. I would guarantee anyone who has fully finished all the tasks should have 'foundation' knowledge about interactive webpages even though almost all the tasks are not included in the Coursera content which need students to be self-disciplined. The honour content is really interesting as well. If anyone wants to undertake this course, don't forget that. I'm looking forward to continue the rest of the courses. Thank you all!!!
I absolutely LOVE your courses! I have tried a lot of Coursera and other online courses that bored me to tears, but you have mastered the platform. Your courses are so well built and I love your sense of humor!Some things that set your course apart from other courses:
1. A variety of instructors. Seeing different people introduce different topics in the videos makes it more interesting.
2. Regular quizzes to keep me paying attention.
3. Regular exercises to put into practice what I'm learning.Thanks for sharing your expertise with the world!
I loved this course!This is a great chance for me to study this course.Thank you Coursera and Duke University.The lecturers are awesome! Their way of speaking and explaining is very friendly and understandable for all language students.This course gives a strong foundation for web designing and encouraged me to learn more about it.The practicals are very interesting and induced my curiosity.But sometimes little bit hard.And I understood that , It will work out if we practice oftenly.I hope that,you will also like this course.Enjoy!-K.K-
I would like to sincerely thank The Coursera Community for providing this wonderful opportunity to get a overlook on the HTML,CSS,Java Script concepts.Now I am in a position where I can design webpages and edit images easily.I think Coursera is providing a wonderful platform where it integrates people from various communities into a common task-coding.I am feeling privilaged for associating with Duke Universities.I once again take this opportunity to thank the Coursera Community for providing me this opportunity.
I took the full Specialization, so I'm going write the same review for each of the 5 modules.This is a great course, but it's not for beginners. They ask you to do a lot of coding, which is great since that's the only way to really gain proficiency. And the code they ask you to write is, in my opinion, pretty hard for someone new to coding. My hat's off to someone new to programming who makes it through the five modules.So, thanks to Duke for putting together a great course. It was very good.
I liked that this course was self-paced and I could work through the sections when I had the time. The lectures were a very good resource and I think they did a good job of focusing on the fundamentals of programming rather than spending too much time on the details of the code. There was a good mix of lectures, practice, and the option for online discussions too. I feel like I have a much better grasp of how to think like a programmer and look forward to continuing with more online courses.
Some things were a little too easy (like the quizzes, for the most part.)  Occasionally, there would be some challenges in exercises for which solutions were not laid out in much detail, making them harder.  That's a good teaching strategy, and encourages independent thinking to solve them.  The discussion board mentors were helpful and promptly responsive, tho I did not find the discussion forums until the end of week 2.  I think there should be links to those on more pages.
The course is excellent in many ways. The course material,video is very simple and understandable to a layman also. one need not be an expert.The presentation was superb, leaving no doubt at the end of each week.The course material and video is self sufficient. I am very happy to have joined the course. I would like to complete the rest of the course satisfactorily. I would love to have soft copies of the material which can be downloaded for study at convenient. Thank you
Thank you very much for your course. This was the first course I took on your platform. I liked the course very much, it is well structured, and there are many practical tasks in addition to the lecture. I have learned a lot of information about creating web pages using CSS and JavaScript, which I am sure will come in handy in the future. The teachers are great. The course in English also helps me learn the language. Coursera is a great project for self-improvement.
As the title of this course states, it is about web and programming for beginners. While myself I wasn't absolute beginner in Web and HTML, only Javascript was a new topic for me, I used this course to check my knowledge and experience and "brush up" my skills. Teachers are friendly , videos are good, questionnaires check your understanding. Tasks are interesting enoug for people "to get a taste of things" and do some funny stuff. Thanks to Duke University team!
The Contents in the course are very well organised.Teaching methodology is very unique, as its focuses more on the application of the knowledge learnt.I am sure, the people who have finished this course will find a difference in them.Also, this course induces the spirit of programming in the learners and also explains complex image processing techniques in a very simple manner.Thanks to all the professors and the mentors, for organizing such a fantastic course.
Very helpful if you have no previous experience whatsoever (and even if you do, very helpful to refresh or fill in some of the basic stuff that is rusty or missing).The reason why is that it really goes from fundamentals, slowly but surely building up, using not only theory but a lot of practical tasks too, the tasks that are structured and well thought-of, propelling the student to develop a deeper understanding of the concepts.Thank you and well done.
In just first week of this course, I was able to build my first ever website page containing my interests by simply spending 2 hours per day for 3 days.I was real surprise to see that how a slow learner with a busy schedule like me can learn a new useful skill very easily . This course is designed with high level of academic professionalism. I would love to recommend other fellows to try out this course if they want to learn about web development.
I am very much thankful to coursera and Duke University for giving me an opportunity to learn this course. After completing this course, I am confident that I can use javascript to create web pages interactively. This course is really helpful for those who are beginning to script. One can learn a lot of basics following the tryit exercises given. I recommend this course to beginners. Thankyou once again to coursera team and Duke University.
Thanks for teachingIn this course I have learned What are the HTML, CSS and JAVA SCRIPT? How to write in CODEPEN? How to make a web page? What is the Green Screen and so onThis course is very well for who doesn‘t know Programming. I interested in programming and I want to be programmer. I don‘t have a experience about programming and I don‘t grasp what are the programming, JAVA SCRIPT, HTML, CSS however I have comprehend all of these
Easy, thorough, but challenging. Discussion pages have so much insight accumulated from years of student suffering. Programming is hard, especially when you wrap things up and you find out you have a bug somewhere. You look over it a thousand times and don't find anything, only to search it up in the discussions to find that someone else had a similar issue and a solution for your problem as well. Worthwhile learning experience!
It's so important  to know the relationship between varieties of technique as for a beginner and how they interact with each other, without digging deep in one technique. And the purpose of using this technical route is always based on the problems that should be solve. That's the reason why I would speak highly  of this course, even with nearly ten years of software maintaining experience, this course makes me acquired a lot.
Though the title of the course includes HTML,CSS and JavaScript this course is fundamentally centered around image processing and more advanced concepts like steganography which I think is a llot of fun as they require very creative thinking.thanks to the professors who were excellent in their teaching and the division of any simple bit of code into syntax and semantics was just the cherry on the top(I guess!!!!!!)
this was an amazing course.The faculty of Duke univ teaching in this course is amazing and gives all the information you need in a very precise and fun manner.Also,lots of practice "try it out" exercises make it a fun leaning process.Also i would recommend doing the steganography  module for honors as it is rally informative and interesting to know about!Good luck and cheers to Duke Team!
Thank you for this amazing introductory course, as I have learned a lot about computer programming in a fun and easy way. The way the course started from one pixel concept to manipulating images and hiding an image inside another was fascinating. The most important thing I have learned was thinking about how to solve a problem and understand it right before start writing my code.
Programming Foundations with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS is a great course, helping me learn the basic knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. It is easy to understand. And the examples shown on the course is fascinating. The assignments are a little challenging but can be finished. Now I'm confident that I can understand to following courses of this specification. Thanks a lot.
Nicely structured and organized course. Gives just enough to get the taste of the topic in combination with interesting problems to solve. The last one is forcing you to dig a bit in between the documentation. But almost all topics are covered in support section for the project.Great job by Duke's team! Will  recommend it  without any doubts and the 1st one will be my son :)!
I have learned a great deal from this course. The lectures and assignments were very well structured. The most important feature of the course for me was that after every bit of new information, there were challenging exercises that gave me a good grasp of the newly learned material. It took many, many hours of working on the assignments, but it was worth every second!
I think this is the ideal course for one to enter computer science. For me was very easy to pass because of being already a professional python programmer but nevertheless I LEARNED new things with this lesson and acquired a useful background.  If this was my first course I would be much more qualified to follow any other computer language. Definitely recommended.
The course was informative ,interactive,productive and challenging . The environment provided for practice including the documentation was a great tool for understanding the concept and elements used for creating a webpage. The assignment at the end of each module was challenging. Overall the course helped me in understanding the basics if creating a webpage
The course is the first step that will equip anyone interested in learning programming. I really enjoyed the course, the lecturers are super, love their teaching method. Susan H. Rodger, Robert Duvall, Owen Astrachan, Andrew D. Hilton, can't thank you guys enough, you did a great job making sure learning this course comes with so much fun, thanks a lot.
I recommend this course
to everyone who wants to learn the basics of HTML, CSS and JS! Thanks to the
professors of this course, and the way they explain the programming, I could
understand absolutely everything (even though I always thought that tech stuff was
not my thingJ).
Moreover, they made the whole learning process fun. Thank you!
Thanks a lot for this course! If you're a beginner in programming, learning on this course will be really useful, because teachers provide you not only with theory but also with practical skills! This couse takes time weekly every day, but it's worth all efforts! Looking forward to enrolling on the second course from Duke university:)
It makes javascript easy for me. This course is worth for both time and money. I will recommend this course to all who started learning web designing and want to make a great project. They provide projects exercise along with their solutions and its a creative way to learn web designing with a little image processing. Great Effort!!
Well paced, mentors are active in the forums. You have a chance to mingle with everyone and share ideas. The course itself covers pretty much everything from beginning HTML up to Image Filtering and Steganography. I would recommend to anyone interested in learning how how the internet works or anyone with an interest in programming.
A great beginners course in HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Everything is fully explained and there are people, who actively respond in the the discussion section when you have questions and look at your code to find mistakes. It is formatted in a way that you can keep it basic or dive in deep. It's my favorite Coursera class so far.
The course on web development using Javascript, HTML, and CSS was really helpful for me. The videos, practice quizzes, and assignments along with the mentors were quite insightful.The resources proved out to be really helpful for the completion of my course.I look forward to learning more and availing other courses in Coursera.
I loved the way the professors taught the lessons. They were quick and concise making the course quick and relatively easy as they taught you the main concepts without teaching you everything allowing the student to learn more through their own research . Overall, this course is amazing and a great startup course for anyone.
The course is amazing, and so are the instructors! Without any prior coding experience, after the course a confidence in coding is built and proper understanding of principles and techniques is accomplished through a clever series of hands on experiences and quizzes.Thank you for an amazing, teaching and valuable experience!
This is a pretty handy introduction to the Web and programming. It contains pretty useful hands-on sessions. The instructors are very clear in their presentations and the quizzes emphasize on comprehension of the course material. I certainly recommend this course for anyone with no or little prior web programming experience.
Very good course, I like the fact there is lot of exercises and in case someone gets lost there always mentor in discussion forums who is prompt to help. Especially I would like to thank Gerry, always got response from him within half an hour. If only you could add a little bit more material about CSS that would be perfect.
The course was very well planned and knowledgeable.It taught me  a lot of things like creating,designing,planning your web page,image processing and most important of all - the patience and perseverance to debug your own code because we will always make errors no mater what.Also the mentors were there to help in the forums.
Challenging, but bite-sized lessons. The lessons give you enough information to complete the required assignments - making you stretch but not leaving you in the dark like some other MOOCs, in my experience. Mentors responded quickly in forums. Really enjoyed the course and looking forward to completing the Specialization.
Great structure designed for effective and efficient learning - videos followed by exercises and quiz. It is a treat to learn from top quality teachers. Further, although timelines are perfectly flexible, course provides you reasonably calculated deadlines to complete your assignments - this keeps you pushing. Do consider
This course is really great! I, as a beginner, learned a lot about web design through this course. Teachers explain knowledge step by step and the assignments are reasonable. They are helpful for me to understand and apply the theories better. So glad that Coursera provides the excellent chance for us to learn the course.
Special thanks to Susan H. Rodger, Robert Duvall, Owen Astrachan, Andrew D. Hilton and Gerry Fillery. Thank you DUKE UNIVERSITY.  As a beginner,   I‘ve seen a whole new world of programming and the web. Before I took this course,I thought I might never be able to program.  Thank you for letting me break through myself!
I loved content in this course! Instead of introducing lots of material at once, it stuck to a few concepts and allowed me to focus on and then master those few concepts, which provided a great baseline understanding on how to create and apply functions. I can't wait to start the next course. Thanks Team Coursera!
So far I have loved the lessons and the exercises.  But I will say that this is NOT for someone with no programming experience.  The class concept ("new", methods, etc.) may be above their head.  I would suggest spending at least one hour going over that most important concept.  Other than that, kudos to Duke!
I have found this course very rich in content, very professional guidelines and programming practices that will lead you to a better professional self-taught learner. It teaches you to think and solve problems on your own. So you can be a more independent learner when working professionally. Recommended!
A fun and challenging course. took a lot of my time. But,  during the LONG haul I completed the course. When I passed the whole course, I was overjoyed. Tears came out of my eyes. It was fun to see something done, especially when something that is worth accomplishing.  Looking for to next course! Peace.
This course was full of knowledge. I learned so many things from it about basic fundamentals of JavaScript, HTML and CSS. And  i really enjoyed this course i.e. "Programming Foundations with JavaScript, HTML and CSS" by doing it practically.Finally I'll say this course is awesome for beginners like me.
Great course, I learned a lot about programming foundations. If you do not know anything about programming, this is the course to start. The teachers explain very well with good examples and the tasks are a challenge but well explained and these can be completed with the material learned in the videos.
Amazing professors, who as a unit put a lot of thought and creativity into the design of this course. This was a logical and appropriate acquaintance to programming, covering also necessities of Web design, serving as a great intro to computer science. I'm taking the next course in this specialization!
This course is super awesome! Eye opening concepts and plenty of exercises to drill down the concepts learned, for a complete beginner like myself, the problems and materials provided are sure to set you in the right mental direction. I loved the emphasis on problem solving, which is key in the field.
Context is explained extremely well! All instructors are enjoyable to listen to. The lessons are clear and to the point which so much value given in a short video. The readings are challenging and really provide you good hands-on experience to further learn/understand what is taught in the videos.
I am a web developer since many years. Still I learnt so many things which I was not aware of. Correcting my thinking as a programmer, understood correct approach while debugging, and of course lots of knowledge for JavaScript, HTML and CSS programming. This course is best for beginners indeed.
This course is very helpful for beginners and advanced skilled students which allows you to learn the simple of JavaScript 
,HTML and CSS in deep. This course is very helpful in building websites, style the websites and make interactive for beginners or even people who have never coded before.
This is the first course on Coursera, which I finished to the end. In the course of passing this course, I received a lot of new knowledge in programming and will definitely continue to study other courses of the chosen specialization. This course is a great start in learning programming!
It was a very nice course. I was satisfied the way it was taught. The DLTP library is of great use for future projects. Thanks a lot for providing such a great course content which helped me to gain the basic knowledge on JavaScript. It was fun and interesting  to solve "Try It!" section.
Good course for getting started. JavaScript might be a bit confusing for new learners, but learning slowly and looking up stuff on the internet will surely help a lot (and I guess this was the intention of the course creators: to make learners look up stuff on the internet on themselves).
Great introduction course for beginners! The topics are interested and explored suitably for the foundational level of JS, HTML & CSS. In my opinion, this course helps young people to find out whether or not they enjoy programming, and if it would be a field of further thorough research.
The materials are great and easy to understand.In the videos,professors articulates the content well.I've learned basic JavaScript,CSS and HTML,which might help me in the future.I don't know when and where I will use it right now.But It has been an thrilling experience to gain knowledge.
Nice Course. The course teaches the basics of HTML, CSS and JavaScript. The programming assignment projects help to implement the concepts from the video lectures. The projects involve creating simple webpages such as image processing using a blur filter etc. using SimpleImage library.
Well structured introduction to programming.  By starting with HTML and a structured environment that takes most of the pain out of JavaScript but allows students to create real working applications, the approach makes you feel empowered and engaged while drilling through the basics.
It is very interesting course with easy and comprehensive contents. It had short length videos which did not create boredom for me at all. I hope Coursera will improve it's stance more in the future. Thanks to Coursera team and teaching faculty. It is really adorable effort.Regards
Lot of programming in this course. Excellent Explanation of A particular code in Reading Material. Proper Links to code. Understandable Code. I found this Course challenging and it was interesting to solve problem statements. I learnt lot of new things and the course is Very Good.
I think this course is a very good introduction and I can not wait to see what the rest of this specialization is like! I wrote a detailed review here at https://medium.com/@masseybr/duke-university-programming-foundations-with-javascript-html-and-css-course-review-4ecd1677fbf7.
I am Brazilian. My English is intermediate and this is a course almost completely in English. This helped me a lot, I managed to learn many things and the interactive slides in the videos were very important for that to happen. Thank you for the opportunity and the scholarship.
Thanks a lot for your front end design and image processing exercises. This course has provided me an extensible knowledge of an image processing with simple programming languages like HTML, CSS and JavaScript which I had never thought in my wildest dreams. Kudos to all of you.
It is my first course at Coursera. I liked how the course is structured. It introduced some of the core principles of programming and problem-solving. The instructors also have put on a lot of effort into explaining the lessons. The exercises are also a great way to practice.
I found this course to be interesting and fun. I would definitely recommend this course for beginners in programming as this course teaches you how to solve some real problems with the help of html, css and javascript. I enjoyed this course hope you will too. Happy Coding :)
Absolutly amazed! By opting this cource and as i was a beginner in this programming feild the instuctors where so clear about the topics and the exercises that were given to us was a great help .I thank you for making me more interesting in learning more and more languages.
I really have enjoyed this course, if you'd told me 3 months ago that before the years up I would have learned the fundamentals of programming with JavaScript, HTML and CSS I would not have believed you, but thanks to Duke University and Coursera they've made it possible!!.
Thanks a lot Coursera for your financial aid and this awesome series regarding CSS, HTML AND JAVASCRIPT. Hope to Join a next series of course in coursera and I am very proud that I have submitted a project of a photo editor in my Semester Exam.Thanks a lot for Your Support.
I  want to create for the web you’re going to need JavaScript. Because of the close relationship between HTML, CSS, and the web, it’s useful to have a well-rounded skill set, and fortunately, most of the courses we recommend will have you code HTML and CSS as you learn JS.
Absolutely loved the course. Its a right balance of not too easy and not too hard either. This course will keep you very engaged with challenges and its fun to do. I would recommend this course even if you are beginner or an experienced coder because it involves fun stuff.
Great run in with Javascript, HTML and concepts I remember from school days. If you have never programmed at all you might have a steeper curve as the work progresses. Also if you innovate on the tasks, prepare to spend more time than what is shown. I enjoyed this course.
You are forced to do your own research and study as the instruction is light.  However, ample tools are provided like CopePen which allows you to test and play.  The forums are a great to see what the rest of your class is doing and saying.  Good luck with the course :)
It's been so nice and helpful to attend this course.I am so grateful for this experience i had not to mention how much effort has been done on the content and resources and very good examples.Thanks for everyone who participated in creating and developing this course.
Excellent course.You can learn how to code and design.This course helps you to learn JavaScript HTML and CSS.Very helpful in building websites and an excellent course for beginners.We can discuss with Instructors if any help that need.I thank so much Duck University.
Great explanations and example problems.  You create different web pages as you progress.  If you take your time and explore the different features they show you, you can add these web pages to a portfolio!  It is a lot better than just reading the w3schools website.
This course helps me a lot in learning and knowing more about html,css and javascript.it also enhance my knowledgein this field.this course makes me aware and encourage me to have deep knowledge about html,css and java.The way of teacing in this course was excellent.
Very easy to follow. Kept me motivated! Great course! One note, probably update the dukelearntoprogram website a bit. It would be good with an easier navigation tool to access material on the website through Coursera, specifically with regards to challenge exercises.
I HAVE ENJOYED THE COURSE BECAUSE OF A SYSTEMATIC PROCESS OF TEACHING,LIKE IT IS DIVIDED INTO 4 PARTS AND EACH PART A WEEK. ONE MORE THING ABOUT THIS IS ABOUT THE (TRY IT) WHICH WILL MAKE YOU TO GET A GOOD PRACTICE. I LOVE THE QUIZ BEING KEPT AT WEEKEND TO ASSESS ME.
This course was an excellent introduction to programming concepts. I developed familiarity with html, css, and JS through the coding projects that accompany the excellent presentations by the Duke instructional team. Thanks for putting together such a great course!
This course is exceptionally good , especially for beginners . It helped me understand the very basics of web development and front end programming . It is really worth every single penny . I have learned a lot and really learned a lot from it during the pandemic.
A nice course where you can learn the very basics of HTML,CSS and Javascript. You can learn to make very basic interactive pages where you can upload the images. Dont think you will be able to make those fancy webpages out there. However it helps you get started.
Wonderful course! Initially I thought online courses are not effective. I have changed my mind after this course in coursera. Looking forward to do more courses. The teachers were simple and exceptional. The coursera platform and their objectives are top class.
What a great way to keep programming skills fresh and up to date. Very comprehensive and delivered in a manner that is easy to understand.  I enjoyed this course and will take the remaining to complete the specialization. Great job Duke University and Coursera!
I have started several programming courses in the past, but I didn't finish them. This one was great because it had a great amount of progressive exercises. This is what kept me going because the challenge was always within reach! Thanks for the great course.
Really useful. I've learned a lot about HTML, CSS and JavaScript from zero. I had some experience on programming with other languages (such as C and C++) but I never tried to program with these and I found this course very complete. I would recommend it!
This course is truly amazing. Thank you so much for teaching how to program. This is the beginning of my programming journey and I am now excited more than every to keep learning.  I already started recommending this program to all my family and friends.
This is a great course, it teaches you a way of thinking, the way of the programmer the way of the software engineer. Anyone who wants to learn programming or cs must take this course. Is one of the best decisions I've made. Thanks Coursera and Duke U!
i loved the course. it has so good content and examples and practise questions that i nearly banged my head to solve them :) but they were very challenging and i learnt a lot from them. thank you duke university and coursera for providing this course.
Best course ever!! If anyone doesn't have any single knowledge about HTML, CSS, and javascript, I say that this is the course you should obviously take. The teachers were guiding us perfectly. Suitable for beginners who want to learn to design webpage
Course Has Good Outcome , this course has good javascript , but not very basics , as i was a intermediate webdev , it was easy to me to achieve this course , this course has main focus on you logic , which is the main thing needed to be a programmer.
It was an awesome course i did and the content is also so useful to learn the programming foundation.but sadly i want to say that there is to much use of already written code it will be more fun for learners to develop their own functions.Thank you!!
Great introductory course. The lecturers were very thorough and explained the concepts clearly. Would recommend this course not only to beginners but to those who are already quite experienced programmers as the fundamentals are covered quite nicely.
This was a great, relatively simple introduction to programming concepts.  HTML and CSS are very easy to learn.  JavaScript is a great language to start with and the programming exercises and projects were fun and just the right amount of difficulty.
My first time trying to learn programming, and I did indeed enjoy this course. Some of the concepts in Javascript were hard to understand, but somehow with time, I think I managed to get most of the concepts taught in this course. I'm proud of it!!
A very smooth introduction to computer programming and computational thinking. The four instructors  are top notch with excellent explanation skills. The courses exercises and the final project are very well designed. I highly recommend the course.
I am extremely grateful to have this course as it provide me the clear knowledge about the syntax, features of  JavaScript, HTML,CSS. Also, the method of teaching is so  clear and understandable. Thank you Duke University for providing the course.
This course is absolutely just for laying the foundation of programming as the name suggests! They Professors have done a good job in delivering the concepts and ensured to keep the student engaged in the course with the help of great exercises!
As a person who has not programmed for sometime I really enjoyed this course.  The course material matched the assignments and tests very well.  I would suggest this course to anyone who is interested in getting their programming feet wet again.
The presentation and the explanation given by the instructors were very detailed, easily understandable and beginner-friendly. I was able to do really interesting and time-taking projects through this course. I didn't expect to learn so much!
It's a great Time doing this course.Thanks to Coursera For giving a good learning topics and the lecturers are very good in Explaining the topics.I some stuck in some program but by revisiting the videos cleared my doubts.Atlast Thank You. :)
Very basic and easy to assimulate, in this specialization I achieve a paramount feedback and knowledge about web development. Briefly, it is about learn foundations and teachers achieved that with their programmes. It is not about be expert.
Good Evening, This course is absolutely wonderful for the beginners and had found easy to cope up with their speed. The explanation way and teaching method was very impressive and I expect a lot more courses from duke and thank you so much .
Real-life examples explaining very clarity with syntax and few codes. Coursera, Duke university helps me a lot to gain knowledge in HTML, CSS, Javascript. I am really very thankful for providing this course in Coursera, Duke University.👍
Very informative, I learned many incredible things which I had never done before this course like green-screen problem, blur image and last one was epic steganography .Thanks for providing me such programming skills. I really appreciate !
I loved every single second i spent on this course. So helpful videos and readings plus well explained in every video.You inspired me to keep going once I lost faith to myself since i tried so many other online courses!Thank you so much!
I can't find the words to describe this course and the lecturers, really WOW!Topics explained clearly, coherent, and the examples fit with each topic! After finishing the course, I gained a strong understating about programming basics.
It was a tough one but yet went through as success. I really do recommend this program site as one of the worlds' best site to learn as far as education is concerned. I do appreciate the proper presentation of material in the course.
Great videos, interesting content. Quizzes were good, assignments were clearly stated. There could have probably been more coding work involved, but it is definitely a good first course as an introduction to programming in general.
Its been the best teaching method to learn form the best professors in the world via CourseEra. The way the course pattern moves covering each topic in detail makes us understand more practically how the coding works in real life.
That was a really good beginning. Thank you! Even I plan move forward with Java I could see the way of thinking about problems, how to start solve the problem. That was simple, quick and easy way to start with programming. Thanks!
I have learnt a lot from this course. As usual I em very much satisfied with the course & I heartily thank all the Prof's for teaching us the best way & em sure that everyone like me have understood the classes well. Thanks again!
A very helpful code which allows you to learn the simple of JavaScript HTML and CSS.Instructors are very good.Course is very helpful in building websites . A good course for beginners or even people who have never coded before.
excellent information given by mentors and thanks for such much enthusatic and energtic quizes held between and lastly i want to thank u to increase my interest in website development...thanks a lot for the valuable contents...
A wonderful learning experience. Tutors take the time to breakdown concepts, provide stimulating exercises that reinforce previous materials learnt, and challenging test questions that not only test knowledge but attentiveness.
This course was really good and instructive, and it taught some really cool stuff. But, you need to fix the grading on the last test, it gave me an 80 when I got every question right, other than that I really liked this course.
This course was really amazing. The method of teaching is very good and instructors explain everything good and point to point. I really enjoy this course and learn many skills from this course. I hope to learn further. Thanks!
Although I have been studying programming for four years, this course still managed to surprise me in terms of content offered - really interested for the image editing and formatting from HTML and JS. Really worth the money!!
A very helpful code which allows you to learn the simple of JavaScript HTML and CSS. Very helpful in building webpage design and an excellent course for beginners or more people join this course and developed the own website.
video classes are very informative , review tests and assignments are helpful for beginners,but few tests have questions with options empty which makes the user difficult to pass. other than that everything is great.thank you
As a completely new programmer, this course adequately prepared me for my exploration and studies in computer science. The difficult courses challenged me to grow in my skills. I recommend this course for any complete novice.
It's an amazing course with the concepts very clearly explained by all the professors in this course and not to forget, this course has very useful resources attached to it in the form of documentation and Try It! exercises.
It is very helpful and engaging. If you are starting computing for the first time, this is a very good place to start. It makes the impossible, possible. In the end, you'll feel good about learning computing. I guruntee you.
This course was so helpful for me . Duke University teachers stressed more over understanding and concept building  in more then less time and that's the best .I am just more than satisfied with coursera. Thank you Teachers
Almost perfect introductory course , great instructors and videos were very informative.The only suggestion that I would have, is that more exercises relating to syntax in JS are made available. See you in course two!-Alex
This is an extensive course in beginning programming that covers everything from CSS and JavaScript to creating images from scratch and steganography.  You will learn alot of useful and interesting programming techniques.
The course clears the basics of web development. It works on the Graphics problems rather then competitive coding,therefore suitable for beginners. Good to clear off the basics.Also from the community we can learn a lot.
Video Lectures are really great and easy to understand with hands on programming tasks. Very interesting and informative. Learnt a lot within 4 weeks time. Definitely recommend for anyone interested in creating websites.
This course is very well-structured and is foundation course towards learning programming. The instructors are an expert and are very engaged. I recommend this course to everyone who wants to start learning programming.
Great course! The assignments had been designed to help the student practice and learn what was taught on the presentations. I was able to keep up with the course and am very satisfied by what I have learned. Thank you!
This course is detailed designed so that students with little programming experience can approach HTML and CSS with ease. Thoughtful instructions were given so that learners can understand relationship of 3 components.
Very good quality content, with a satisfactory balance between theory and practice. Expect in 4 weeks to acquire a strong fundamental knowledge about html, css and javascript, and be ready to launch your first webpage.
Great course, started off with fundamentals and provided fun & interesting lessons via the use of images and how to alter their appearance! I enjoyed the lectures and felt it provided a good foundation for javascript!
I've learned a way of thinking rather than just writing code syntax that works. The course was well organized and so easy to understand and also so rich. I'm sure I'll enjoy the rest of courses in this specialization.
I thought this course was excellent. The lesson videos are very well put together and the overall layout and instruction for the "Try It Yourself" made learning the material so much easier. I look forward to course 2.
This course really help me a lot to learn about HTML,CSS,Javascript and how to change the Background Image settings.It's easy to understand the each video. DukeLearntProgramme is very useful for my studies.Thank you.
This course, seriously, is well enough to hone your programming as well as web development skills ...Coupled with hundreds of innovative concepts and drilling quizzes this is great if you are a learner of curiosity !
Indeed was an adventurous journey of learning the basics of web-dev. Finally was ab to implement the mini projects and by combining all the mini projects a great website was made.And do complete the honors section😉
I haven't finished the second lesson yet and I am in love with this course; it's simple and suitable for beginners indeed. I have know many concepts I never heard of lie SEO, UX, UI. Thank you and keep the good work
Excellent course with excellent teachers. Some things could improve (mostly the Forums) but overall I am really glad to have signed up for this course and can't wait to do the other ones from Duke Programming. 5/5
For starters its a very good course. You only need some pre-knowledge to start and find your way very easily. The videos are very helpful and navigates you through the first steps of programming your own website.
The way this course is designed is so amazing you can't skip any topic of if you do so then you can't pass the assignment I enjoyed learning with coursera and my instructorsThank you coursera and Duke University
the course was very relevant and has added a lot to my java programming basics and will put in practice more of what i have learnt. Thanks to Duke university and look forward to do more with Programming courses.
Great classes , with just the right information in the appropiate time and execises help really to fully understand and guide us with the basics so we can continue on our own investigating more complex functions
Very good course, from the basics to the advanced programming, very suitable for people with no basic knowledge of modern programming. Good teachers, with good explanations and a well balanced learning curve.
It was fun going through this course.Learning with Image manipulation was also interesting.Only thing with which i struggled was css (only with positioning of elements).I wish there could be a video on that.
I took the course in 2015 and found it very hard, so took a break. Now, when I resumed where I left off, I was very happy to see that the course has been simplified much more. I just passed it, thank you!
This is a very good course for beginners who want to start with HTML, CSS, and JavaScripts, and the detailed course & the embedded quiz & exercise are awesome as well, I will continue the course followed.
This is a great introduction to programming user interfaces. The practice exercises are extremely well designed and thought out. Each one builds on the previous so that your progress makes logical sense.
A course suitable for all entry level coders those who want to learn javascript. The instructors are nice,knowledgeable,the Try It! exercises are very much helpful in understanding the topic more deeply.
Actually Iam new to html,css and java script but this course taught stpe by step. They always gave the freedom to do anything and make mistakes and learn from them. Highly recommend the course. Thankyou
As a foundation level this course is very good.Practice will help you gain some confidence .The way this course is organized is very good.Even non-computer science student can try with some more effort.
I was very interested in that course. I`m very grateful for coursera and very thankful for financial AIDThanks allot DUKE university for the certificate, I was very lucky that I got a chance for study,
this course is good for you if you are beginners in programming . in this course i learn basics of html CSS and JavaScript. this course is very helpful for me in starting with basics of programming.
The best course with the most brilliant professors and help you with getting started with building webpages and providing a good foundation as the title suggests,learned a lot from this course.
An
excellent course with a good balance between  theory and practice. All I needed was to roll
up my sleeves and start learning by doing with the help and support material provided
by Coursera.
This is an amazing course! I've learnt a lot of things just in 4 weeks and really proud of myself. Everyone should do this course as it teaches basics of coding which can help you in any field.
Great course for beginners. Can be challenging sometimes but when you push through it by your own research and investigation, you gain a great deal of insight into fundamentals of programming.
Very helpful course even for people without any knowledges in programming. Can apply from zero and improve programming skills in HTML5(include CSS and JS) up to basic level. Very recomended!
I spent 3k on a front-end boot camp that took 10 weeks and I learned a lot, but Duke's course blew it away.  It was faster, cheaper, better.  I learned more JS in this course.  Well done!!!!
It Cover most Basic of HTML , CSS and JAVASCRIPT and builds a great foundation with help of some problems which are along course, Really this is great course for building a great foundation
I learned so much, in this course. But I am motivated to keep going. Thank you Coursera and Duke University. You are giving us hope, confidence and resolve to continue learning and growing.
I  just loved this course.  Everything is so interesting and you will enjoy learning.I also want to thank coursera for providing me scholarship because I was not able to afford this course.
An awesome learning experience with the difficult and tricky exam followed .Really helpful stuff to learn and explore. Thanks for approving my financial aid and letting me learn the techs.
Iwasneverthekindofperson,whocould learn how websites work and how web pages are created. Coursera has helped me in outstanding amongst the group of people who are of the same kind as i am.
This course was incredibly insightful. Information was presented in such a way that it was clear but not spoon-feeding you everything, and I thoroughly enjoyed the challenges and projects.
Quite fun. I have already got experience in these fields through hobby and trying to get certifications but for a beginner this is very good layout and information! Recommended definitely!
Easy languages to learn the basics, sets me up well for learning a harder language like Java. Also the teachers were fantastic at explaining the material, it was a breeze to go through it.
It was an amazing Course. High quality videos, good practice quiz and interesting assignments. also the idea of final mini-project is very good. Thanks all of you for preparing this course
You can't get more than this anywhere if you really want to learn basic of html, css and javascript and if you do than that will be just waste of time . Awsome site to learn things easily
I liked this course. It was easy to understand a new material . The structure of the course was good. I like the quizes and practical tasks. It was fun to put the learnt lesson into code.
The course was really practical and fun! It was a really new approach to getting into programming from what I am used to. I would recommend it to anyone starting their journey in coding.
Hello, I started this course as an beginner level of JAVA ,but after completing this course ,adds immense knowledge in my career .So I really thank to coursera to giving me oppurtunity .
This coure was a boon for me .It is a best start up course for the computer science engineer. I want to thanks Coursera app and Duke University for such a innovative and creative course.
Very useful course. All basics to write your code are provided here. As for me, all necessary elements are viewed: tables, lists, images, working with input files, event handlers, etc.
This course overall help me look at computer science from a different perspective and really help me understand how to approach programming problems which I think is more important.
I really love the program because of the fact that we have a lot of practical exercises combining with a very precise presentation of every concept behind the programing exercises.
This was really useful course and I've gained a lot of skills I'm grateful to everyone who had worked on this course and I'm aiming to take the other courses of this specialization
Challenging and difficult thus rewarding experience . I think the great thing about this course is the freedom they give to make certain programs with whatever way you want to use.
This was my first course on Coursera. Need to say, it was well made. More emphasis was given to practical, which is great. Only if they could add some fun elements to this course!
In this course i have learnt a lot. Designing interactive web pages, manipulating images, applying filters and many more techniques. the way of teaching and testing was excellent.
One of the best courses I have ever taken on Coursera . This course works on foundation level and really interactive and never let you get bored if you are really into learning  .
Really awsome course. It provides command over basic core concept of web development. It provides its own environment for javascript which gives depth knowledge about the concept.
I really enjoyed that course. It is so much more that I have expected. Programming looks more promising than ever. I think I have found something that really interest me, at last.
Excellent course to get hands on experience with JavaScript,HTML and CSS. I loved the assignments which focus on application of the skills and concepts learnt during the course.
The course is really good for beginners who want to kick start their career in software development.Even people with no prior knowledge in coding can excel this course at ease.
An excellent set of tutorials to kick start a career in software development. Creation of   a website is made to look so very simple in a well structured and well explained way
I`m feel happy to have finish this course, I Learned a lot of things about web pages, I can`t to wait for another lesson. thanks a lot.

Best Regards

Jaime Luis Monsalvo Pèrez
Really good to start with. Interesting and challenging. But the quiz is less related to the practice, one can easily pass the quiz without practice, which could be good or bad.
The course seemed a piece of cake at the beginning, but as the weeks passed, it became more and more challenging. I'm glad and satisfied to achieve this certificate, thank you!
This course was excellent. The instructors were very good and the material was very well presented. Once you complete the course, you will realize that you have learned a lot.
Very educational and exciting. Love it, easy to understand an keep up. Would recommend to anyone who has no clue how programming works and who is interested of learning some.
It was a very fun course that not only taught me about HTML,CSS and JavaScript but also about Images and its manipulation, which made the course more exciting and intriguing.
It's a wonderful course. It contains all the basics one has to know to become a pro in programming. The course content is highly beneficial  and represented in a good manner.
Amazing for newbies. A bit basic for those of us with previous programming knowledge, but it doesn't hurt to get a refresher. I sure found it useful to get the basics right.
My first experience with Coursera. It was good,explored many things related to HTML, Javascript, CSS.The professors were well educated and explained in a systematic manner.
Very well organized, carefully and detailed explained lessons. Great opportunities to exercise and test your knowledge throughout entire course. Truly enjoyed the learning.
Excellent opportunity to review rusty skills but still learned new stuff - image processing. If new to programming you should have plenty of time, patience and persistence.
This is a great course, I found the first week a little slow, but it really gets going and is a fantastic introduction to HTML, CSS, Javascript and computational thinking.
I've learnt various new things from this course. Coming from a different background and pursuing a different degree, this course is eye-opening on the programming skills.
Teaching staff is experienced and really knows the topic well. I just wanna thanks Duke University  for the wonderful opportunity given to me to explore the Great field..
Nice course especially designed for beginners. The mini project is challenging, interesting and is very good for skill gaining. Thanks "coursera" and "Duke University" :)
Great course. Amazing exercises. Really a warm-up course for someone who is willing to begin his/her programming journey. Finally the instructors were more than friendly.
Very nice course with level of difficulty increasing in a good pace.All of the tools used are easily available.Instructors clear on the message being passed to the class.
Fantastic! Very detailed explanation of programming concepts. Good hands on practice with HTML / CSS / JS. Would like to have a text / reference book option recommended.
It's the hardest thing I have had to do... but the more you button-down, there better it gets. Lessons are succinctly understandable and challenging. Highly recommended.
It was a great course nicely taught by the teachers. Javascript couldnt have been interesting if steganography hadnt been taught. It really stole the show. Great job (Y)
All content is excellant but only change background theme to dark while delivering lecture/ of slides for reducing eye strain,otherwise it was great learning exprience.
What I like most about the course is the sequential way in which it was placed. It moved step by step to the best of understanding for a beginner like me. Thank You all
All the sessions conducted were really helpful to execute during the tasks. I would definitely recommend people to opt for this course without giving a second thought.
thanks for your effort i get lot of information in html css also javascript , basing on your lessons and documentations . i am very happy with this course thanks again
loved loved loved the course! Thumbs up to coursera and Duke university team. I would like to thank my teachers and coursera team for helping me earn this certificate.
I think this is a great introduction to object oriented programming that Java uses. I have some background in Java already and can see the parallels this course brings
Great！ Relatively intense but really beginner-friendly! You can make it in 2-3 days!Look forward to the next course in this series.Thanks! Drew, Robert,Susan and Owen!
There is a lot of information but the try it! exercises are great to obtain a better understanding and clarifying questions in order to obtain the knowledge expected.
Thank you Coursera and Duke University for giving me this opportunity of learn more about programming, I'm very happy with this course and the chance you gave to me.
The professors are erudite and give amazing lecture. They explain the hard subject in an easy-to-understand way.Besides, they cover more knowledge in a limited time.
It's great course for those who starts his first steps to code in HTML, JavaScript and CSS. The Course gives knowledge of background of these programming languages.
Actually this course was very well organised l and it is very interesting to learn.Thank you very much coursera for offer me a financial aid to complete this course
This course is very useful to all learning students.before I am fear about to write the program and now i am very and to interested to write the program .Thank you
The course was quite interesting and made me to gain the knowledge in designing website .All the topics were explained in an interactive manner by the instructors.
It was a great and informative journey with the Duke Professors. Got to learn the technical aspects of the programming with quite interesting  approach.Thank you.
This program is helpful and needed for all beginner programmers!For me, this program helps me to think like programmer and put me on another level!Thank You Duke!
Learned new things and completely new concept of teaching...Also it took 12 days to complete this course, i did not expect tasks will take 1-1.5 hours each day...
The instructors are very knowledgeable and break down everything into its fundamentals, which is perfect for beginners who need more time to acquire new concepts.
This was an engaging course prepared by an amazing group of instructors. I learned so much from it and I would recommend it to beginners in web development field.
Very good explanation from all the mentor's had gave hands on experience on building page from motivating students to build on their own using concepts.Thank you
It is very helpful for novice programmer. Lectures are interesting and I have learn a lot from this course. I have already recommended this course to my friends.
Great videos and activities to help you practice and understand what you're learning. The quizzes are great as well to make sure you know the important details.
Very good explanation. I was new to HTML and this course made me to have good knowledge on HTML CSS and JS. I'll surely recommend this course to all my friends.
Excellent  explanation about Computer languages  interesting quizz with videos about languages explanation with visuals images and examples easy to understand.
I was very impressed with the level of the course. I really appreciate  constant effort to make this experience even better for us. I learned a lot. THANK YOU
Excellent video tutorials and a great way to get started in your programming journey! I recommend for anyone learning to deepen their knowledge of computing.
Excellent Course, I felt different than other courses while learning this course, and find a good package to play with Images in JavaScript from this course.
This course is awesome and the instructors too. They all were cool and taught the stuffs really well... I will recommend everyone to enroll into this course.
The course is very good for beginners, subject is explained very clear and understandable even for non IT person. I have enjoyed every lesson of the course!
Loved the course. The right way to write an algorithm was very helpful to me. I learnt to tackle problems logically rather than just doing hit and trial. :)
I have learned many things in this course and made more eager and interested in programming, I can't wait to complete the other courses as well. Thank you.
This course was great! Interesting problems to solve. Just tricky enough that you'll need to stretch a little bit, but not so hard that they're unsolvable.
Good course, Good instructors, well training environment any one acquire knowledge easily.Thanks to duke university for offering this course in  Coursera .
This Course is completely awesom and I learned many amazing things here and I am also gonna see the remaining courses.I think they are also gonna be awesom
this course not only taught me a lot about java programming but also taught me to be self dependent and not rely on tution teachers to clear your concepts
its very good and informative. the instructors in this course are just amazing everything they explain is crystal clear and the quizzes are really helpful
The course was great really got to learn hatml,css and java script now im able to develop my own web page. looking forward to do more course on coursera.
Course gives a very good overview of HTML, CSS and JavaScript and introduces elementary programming concepts in a clear and simple to understand fashion.
It's a good course for beginner coder who want to know the basic of web programming, cause in this course we will learn about javascript, css, and html.
Excelent course material, just make the code more available or use less of it. Sometimes it becomes cumbersome and quite time-consuming to "get there".
Amazing content from Duke University, along with proper explanation and resources. The online coding platform on Duke Learn to Program helped me a lot!
Such a nice course!Everything is very clear, teachers are nice and they are trying to explain everything in the best possible way. Highly recommending!
I am glad that i completed this amazing course and during this course i gained a lot of knowledge. Thank you Coursera for this course. I am very happy
This course is unbelievable everything is perfect(teachers,the way of teaching,the sources...).Thank you University Duke and Coursera for this course.
I like the idea of using JavaScript for learning very basic idea of programming. It was very easy to follow and transitions well into the next course.
its been an awesome experience learning with the Coursera team and thanks to the mentors of my university and courses for helping me in my down times
A great platform to learn and acquire knowledge and skill upto an extent .I as a fresher to programming in JavaScript i find this course very useful.
One of the best courses I ever came across in Coursera. The teaching methodology is great with short videos followed by material and ample exercises.
This course made me believe that I can make web applications, starting from basic to advanced and as the time passed. It showed me that, I can do it
The sequencing of the elements and the pace are delightfully challenging but in no way overwhelming. This is a world class level offering. Loved it!
Great introduction to HTML, CSS, and JavaScript! Super easy to follow and the assignments are great review materials of what's learned previously.
Cool class, I learned a lot of knowledge about JS, Css and Html and also experienced a lot of fun in coding those interesting tasks. Thanks a lot.
Enjoyed the course got a bit idea of what javascript is when used in websites or event handling. Interactive and greenScreen Pages were Fabulous.
keep supporting students across the globe by providing quality content of different revolutionary courses by experts of prestigious universities.
This course is really great. If you have will to learn you can learn a lot. You'll feel big difference in yourself after completing this course.
This course was very good. I managed to learn HTML, CSS and JavaSript alll in one course and made my first website. Very powerful course indeed.
The course was amazing. When I started the course, I knew nothing about HTML, CSS and JavaScript but now I feel that I know at least some of it.
Very helpful class that give me the fundamental knowledge about Html, CSS and JavaScript. I'm ready to learn and develop my own website for fun!
great course to start learning from scratch .interactive faculties,engaging exercises and knowledge testing quiz made the course more valuable.
Loved the instructors, they were each very knowledgeable on the topics discussed. Looking forward to completing the rest of the specialization!
i really get good experience in java script. I never show course of java script like that .it is really good course. i get a lot of new things.
Very good concept. Helpful explanations and fun practice parts. The mentors are patient and answering every question in no time. Keep on going!
I'm learning a lot of new and useful programming skills quickly and efficiently. I also love that I can make progress on my courses on my iPad.
its so cool , great explanation from the instructors, they will make that  you love programming and  that you will want to learn more about it
The forums are most useful for clearing our doubts but unexpectedly i was not able to get a reply for mine. i wish a faster reply. thank you .
Best course for beginners if you want some basic level knowledge in html,css and javascript.I would recommend other users to take this course.
Very informational and the teachers are extremely helpful and quick to respond. Lots of fun programming activities. All in all a great course!
Had a great experience learning from this course. Got clarity on lots of stuff and the discussion forum was really helpful to resolve issues.
I think this course is very good, it is very suitable for beginner. In addition to the class , there are still homework to review, very good.
Great course; I learned a lot!!  Not sure "beginner" level was the way I'd describe it though.  I was glad I had some programming background.
Thanks for this course as it made my learning experience enjoyable and easy.all the faculties are also ver good in their respective domains.
Best Instructors i've ever seen so far. Organised way of teaching. I learned so many new topics which are not available in any other courses
Thanks to everyone involved with the design and creation of this course.
This course added a lot to my knowledge, I hope to meet them again.
To the point and very useful course. The lessons were easy to follow and I learned to make frontend development from scratch. Thanks a lot.
pretty good for a beginner! but which course to enroll in next, if we want to learn more of web development and make professional websites?
I had a very amazing experience studying this course. Best teaching methods were incorporated which made the learning journey fun and easy.
This course helps to augment good understanding of some basic programming concept. HTML, CSS and Javascript is expained in very simple way.
Excellent starter course for those seeking their future and opportunity in the IT field.  To see if this is the niche where one belongs to.
Helps to understand basic languages for web development (HTML, CSS, JS) in a fun and unique way. Enjoyed solving the green screen problem.
one of the best online learning platforms I have seen is  coursera.I caught the basic concept of javaScript HTML and CSS  in a good manner
they have made everything  so simple to understand great course enjoyed a loti wanted to thank every prof. for this course : )  : )  : ).
i never expect teacher like this course provide,they really really amazing with amazing knowledge .Thank you very much to all teacher's .
I have not felt overwhelmed by information at any one point while taking the course, so it's a really great starting point for beginners.
Amazing course and really easily explained contents, Just one suggestion is to add other examples other than image examples :) Thank you
It was my choice to join this course and now I am so glad its easy to learn and remember everything easily. A Big thanks to my Teachers.
Excellent Introductory Course. Especially  the quizzes are of high class testing the basics.Looking forward for complete specialization
This course was very useful and the teaching was excellent. These types of courses encourages the students to learn more.No negatives.
It was quite interactive and very useful. I learned everything from scratch and i am successfull in implementing it as well. Thank you
EXTREMELY RESOURCEFULTHANK YOU DUKE UNIVERSITY & COURSERAYOU GUYS ARE THE BEST I REALLY WANNA JOIN YOU GUYS!!!! THANK YOUUUUUUUUU!!!!!
Easy to understand and get started course about programming. You'll be building your own Webpages and JavaScript functions in no time!
Really amazing teachers and this course was very helpful in my degree too. Thanks to all the teachers and other students for the help.
It was really amazing but I prefer that in the second attempt for any quiz  the questions should change and thank you for the efforts
Awesome online program, easy to understand with challenging tasks!!!I feel like I've learnt so much in such a short period of time :)
Great Experience had and got to learn alot and how to deal with thing in CSS javascript Thanks alot for giving me this opportunities
It was a great experience and fun! I strongly recommend it to everybody who want to get solid knowledge in web and computing at all.
Its a perfect course for beginners .Every concept is explained so systematically. M glad that I found this course and completed it.
Enhanced my skill of working with html,css, java script. Thanks to my instructors for clear explanation of concepts and everything.
Very good pacing and practice sessions are challenging enough to encourage learning rather than just coping and amending an example
I always always afraid of learning anything related to HTML, but this class made it very fun! The video tutorials helped immensely.
Very good foundation and the instructors make it easy to progress. It was challenging and I learned a lot very quickly. Great work!
This is an excellent course for those who are interested in web page designing. I've learned practical skill throughout the course.
I've always been interested in web design and this course was really helpful and now I know the basics of HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Through this course i have acquired the basic skills on html, css and javascript and i am ready togo further to advanced learning.
This foundation doesn't just teach you about HTML, CSS and JavaScript, it also exposes you to the practicality of these languages.
Been incredibly eye opening for me as a beginning coder. It was simplified enough to encourage one with no knowledge of the field.
An excellent course! Very introductory, but it is meant to be and the Professors are great! It was all well planned and organized.
very interesting course, lots of knowledge about webdevelopment are learned.  expalined in details and also taught some projects.
I have learnt a lot. Development of web page is great skill. Everyone should take this course. For beginers it is a great course.
You are doing a great job for serving poor people like me to get educate. Keep Supporting us in improving our level of education.
Clear and easy to follow. Encourages you to try things out for yourself. Definitely recommended if you want to start programming.
That's was wonderful course which I came across.. Thanks to all professors to make us understand in as easy way as they can...!!
Very nice course, you learn a lot by doing it slowly, listening everything and then trying it. I would recommend it to everyone.
Great course. The explanations made recover my love for programmin, sadly I didn´t have time to finish it, but next time I will.
I really felt confident in what I was learning, I had a bit of html, css, and java background but for beginners this is perfect
Java was tough but the mentors are attentive and getting help from other students really helped. Thankful for this opportunity!
Great course! It really help beginners to create a solid foundation and concepts on html, css and JavaScript. 100% recommended!
Really loved this course, hope will get me some good job in the future :P.Advised for everyone, even if you have no experience.
Very detailed and passionated presentation for this course, I get the basic understanding in HTML/CSS/JAVA Script, many thanks.
Awesome experience while going through the flow of the course. Brushed up my concepts. Thank You Coursera and Duke University.
Fantastic teaching and nice guide for students . Thank you for give this opportunity.I have learnt my things from this course.
Great teachers! Great videos! Great challenging exercises! I enjoyed learning from these experienced professionals. Thank you!
Concepts were introduced in chunks that are easily digestible, and the examples touched on all aspects of the taught concepts.
This is an excellent course to learn the fundamentals of HTML, CSS and Javascript. It will also introduce you to programming.
Fantastic course for a beginner. Will make scratch your head for sure. But at the end it's pure joy. Do it. You will love it.
started super basic and dialog came across as a bit corny but after the first week it instructional style started to kick in.
This was the best course I've ever attended. The instructions were clear and the professors were really good! Thank you all!
Made with love. I'm seeing past the few bloopers and the good, good people frantically reading from a teleprompter :D :D :D
Really loved the First week and beggining of second one. Then got a little disappointed, didn't really see the usage of it.
engaging lectures and appropriate difficulty of tasks that allows some self learning by the student by researching online.
Easy to understand and interpret. The way they provide ample examples and teaching method of step by step really helps me.
I Love the way the instructor teaches, I have learned so much in this course you will never get bored while taking lessons
Very good course for beginners. I would recommend to everyone who starts from scratch.It keeps your attention, not boring.
An amazing, easy to learn course. The instructors are amazing and give attention to every single detail. Highly recommend!
Description of this course matches exactly  with it's content + I had really great fun solving all those programing tasks.
i am very thankful and appreciate to duke university and online team they help me to get success towards future.thank you.
It is very course to learn and very easy to understand. I felt very happy that i got a certification from this University.
Nice course. Helped me learn the basics well. The quizzes were really good and needed through understanding of the course.
Breaks it down very nicely for beginners...to the point where I can move forward to more complex languages.Cheers,Don Card
very good learning website. i learned so much. all professors taken the lecture very clearly and nice.Thank you coursera.
I really appreciated this course and the way Duke's University professors explained everything smooth and understandable!
the course was really informative and engaging and the instructions presented the content in a easy to understand format
The course is good, for people who like programming and would be interested in learning the JAVA language I recommend it
Pretty good. As a beginner, I have learned a lot about html, css and javascript from this well-designed four-week class.
Excellent course ! Really enjoyed it. A lot of learning -- the practical examples offered by the course were outstanding
its really helpful course which not only teach us web development also it teach other image processing and stegnography
This Course is a very good start if you are thinking of starting learning programming or JavaScript or web development.
It was a wonderful experience, teaching is clear and interactive i was able to understand without any trouble thank you
This course is very helpful for those who want to start learning CS, and the contents and resources are also valuable .
A very interesting and informative course. I am happy I took it and I thank Duke for making the course available to us.
A great way to learn and practice javascript.  Great course for beginneer and great practice for a seasoned programmer.
Good course for beginners. This was very helpful for me to learn and understand the basics of html,css and javascript.
This course is very good for beginners in programming. It is informative and reveals practical aspects of programming.
easy to understand and the quizes helps to evaluate what you have learn so far in the videos.  One of the best course
it was a very interesting and informative course. i learnt many new things with which i was not aware how to use them
It is a very interactive and comprehensible course. I really enjoyed it and for sure, I learned a lot. Thanks a lot.
the course is awesome as it teaches you from scratch to intermediate level in all three i.e. HTML , CSS & JavaScript
First of all ,I dont know html java or any  thing related to web designing.But now I can able to design a web page>
The learning and piratical model is top notch. Learning programming has never been this simplified and interesting!
Really great course layout and pace.  I enjoyed it a lot and hope to find a career where I get to use these skills!
This course is very well setup for bigginers.  Thanks to all the professors who put their hard work on this course.
Last project was pretty tough. The class is more ambitious than the title suggests. First two projects, not so much
Great course by Duke University on Programming Foundations with JavaScript, HTML and CSS offered through Coursera.
THIS COURSE IS VERY HELPFUL FOR ME.DUKE UNIVERSITY'S MENTORS ARE KINDLY AND EXPLAIN EASIEST WAY.THANK YOU SO MUCH.
An amazing course that encourages students to think themselves rather than blindly following professors' guidance!
Thank you very much, this course was awesome. I was a important step for me to begin developing a web application.
Perfect for those who want to start learning web development without prior experience. Well paced and interesting!
This course is really easy and of course pretty much becomes easier while I take these online course.... thanks!!
Very nice course. Not that boring as other intro courses. Image editing and stego part was awesome. Thanks a lot!
I have learnt a lot in this course. Also it is great that the methodology and algorithm are taught systematically
the instructor were able to convey their meaning in the most simple way possible and I'm truly thankful for that
The course was awesome i learned a lot of things which would definitely help me to reach my career goals easily.
This course helped me to get basics into my head pretty well.Thanks to Duke University Professors and Coursera !
I wish you can introduce back-end development as a new module for week 5.For example, languages like C#, PHP, ..
Very helpful! I learned so much in such a short time.  Exactly what I was looking for and excited to learn more!
Great course.This course helps in developing interest in programming by helping in solving interesting problems.
very well taught.  The concepts were well presented and explained.  The exercises were sufficiently challenging.
I found it pretty more useful in HTML and CSS.Teaching JS can be improved a bit by letting more videos about JS.
Excellent Teaching with real world examples makes this course fun and useful to learn basics of Web Development
This course is very awesome , teachers teach very good , my first course on coursera , very awesome experience.
my experience is too good with coursera, this course is very good for the beginners. teaching is also very good
I really enjoyed the course. Very comprehensible assessments and great help is provided in the discussion forum
This is the best course for programming . tutors lessons are reeally clear and forum members are very helpful..
Great course for beginners. It is not too easy but also not too hard that you are still having fun in learning!
At the beginning it looks easy, but with the time ellapse, the empire of the web design begins little by little
Take it! This is a strong intro to programming through the accessible avenue of creating interactive web pages.
with this lesson, I am able to expand my coding knowledge, especially when implemented in transportation study
This is an incredible course if you are starting in programing, easy to learn and everything is well explained
exceptional teaching nice documentation really helpful duke learn to program.at the end its all by COURSERA :)
Really good course, well explain a lots of practical exercises. Thanks a lot. Great way to start programming.
Very good course and interesting assignments. Huge thanks to instructors, I've genuinely enjoyed this course!
That's an excellent course. I've enjoyed learning HTML, CSS and JS programming. Thanks to all the professors.
Great course, I've been a web developer for 2 years, and I found this course very useful and I learned a lot.
Nice introductory course.  The instructors have put a lot of effort into the course materials & presentation.
Quick introduction to HTML, CSS, and Javascript for beginners. Compactly organised content. Excellent course.
thank you for wonderful cores and teaching,i learnt lot about javascrept,html and css in this 4 weeks corse.
It is a very good course and they have teach with simplicity that anyone can easily understand the conecept.
this course is very useful to design webpages with javaScript,css,HTML.I'm really interested in this course.
I loved the course and especially the teachers
Very understandable and clear
moving to course 2....Thank you
Excellent course, well structured to help you develop a step by step understanding of the concepts involved.
I learned a lot about javascripting, and I now have a lot of great resources to go from here.  Many thanks!
nice, not easy, not too hard, yet challenging. it will surely improve your skill of HTML, CSS, and also JSP
I learnt so much from this course and I I am thankful for Duke university for giving such a awesome course
This course was challenging, but fun.  Sure, I would get sad, but I kept trying and I did it, and I'm old.
The professors at Duke do an excellent job of teaching you what you need to know at every step of the way.
great for beginers, but would like to have more depth into all the ways an image can be modified with java
Awesome course... lots to learn about, one is Steganography. The faculties of Duke University are amazing.
Good beginning lessons for people who demonstrate an interest! The instructors are passionate and helpful.
This course is very helpful for me . i am earned prices knowledge in this course thanks all of  teachers.
Thank you so much coursera for giving me opportunity to learn. It was best experience of online learning.
very important  course and i am joining very soon to all course and Thank you Coursera And Duke Unversity
Great course! I'm honored I could learn from wonderful people. I'm looking forward to learning much more!
It's amazing learning new skills when you have good resources and platforms to implement what you learn.
This is one of the Best Courses I have ever attended. The Best Thing about it is it is hands on projects
It was really new for me but the they have explained it is really understandable to me , helped me a lot
I liked the course, everything is clearly explained. The tasks are clear and not complicated.
All great.
Doing it plainly for the purpose of specialization certificate :)Very eager about java courses though :)
A great course for newbies covering  almost everything there is!!!Hope you enjoy this as much as I did.
Very useful course but if some more notes are given ,then it would be great.Thank you for this course.
Everything was explained perfect, they used the perfect resources to learn the topics from this course
It helped me learning java script, css, html and I am very thank full to Duke university and Coursera.
The course was well-designed and easy to follow. The assignments were fun and interesting to complete.
I know a lot of things I did not know before and will be able to use the knowledge to work for myself.
I love your course, best course I have ever attended and I am looking forward to the next 4 courses :)
Before joining this course i dont know about java script html and css now i learned about Java script
Teaching staff is great . They give us real life examples which help in understanding concepts easily
The course is very robust, challenging and interesting. It requires a lot of practice and dedication.
Clear and useful, but It will be better if the course could give the correct answer to the practices!
As someone who had no coding experience what so ever, this course was exactly what I was looking for.
Gives lots of examples and practice. A good course for beginners thougn I wish they could teach more.
awesome experiance ,good explanations but it would be better if you provide more time to do exercises
Very subtly explain all the terms !1 Enjoyed every lesson and got good understanding of HTML and CSS
The Course content is read and everyone should watch the stenography part that was also really cool.
Now clearly i came to know how html,css works and linking of javascript to web pages.I enjoyed a lot
i have completed honors distinction for this course.
but on certificate didnt get honors distinction
A great course!  and course design it forced me to review all programming i had learned in the past.
The vedioes are very intresting and easy to understand.It is the easy way to learn java,html and css
The course  was well structured into the 4 weeks. It wasn't rigorous. It made me want to learn more.
I have not got my honors tag in the certificate though i have completed all the honors assignments.
A well-structed course that gives you fundamental basic knowledge of HTML, CSS and JS. Recommendly!
I thank God for this course has open my eyes of what I'm going to face in the thanks a lot coursera
it gave me immense pleasure to study on the leading online platform and i think it helps me a lot..
Really good course! I highly recommended. You will get top quality education from a top university.
Very good introduction of Java for a beginner but also has a lot of extra materials to go in depth.
The instruction provided in this code is so good and it helps me lots in building my own web pages.
Great examples and very good explanations! Love the 7-step approach, makes programming much easier!
This course is very interesting and important for us.........I learned many types of skills.. ☺️☺️
The course is great and quizz correspond to lessons. Everything can be reviewed even months after.
All professors are excellent, and have a wonderfull energy. I enjoyed it very much. Thank you all.
I think I learned a lot from this course. Thanks 4 teachers for giving us so many great materials.
One of the best courses, that teaches you a lot about programming and the Instructors are AMAZING.
Love how they structure and format the teaching so its applicable and practical. Would recommend!
Excellent! enjoyed every single class and learned a lot...the stegosaurios joke rocks! X-DThanks!
Really it was too good course. Mentors were awesome at teaching. I learnt a lot from this course.
Pretty interesting content. By so basic for those who already has some experience in programming.
The course is really beneficial and I did enjoy the challenging problems designed for the course.
Very good experience with Coursera and Duke University for explaining every thing very smoothly.
Very good course to start learning to program. The professors are very nice and funny. Loved it.
Great course, the videos are extremely helpful and provide the tools needed to execute the code.
This is a perfect intro level course, I especially like the project. In a word, I learned a lot.
I think it had some significant instincts which is in need to enhance the exemplary executions.
This was a great course for someone looking to learn the basics of programming. Thanks so much!
This course is good option for beginners to learn logic building skills and webpage designing..
Great introduction.  Well explained and well supported.  I received quick and helpful feedback.
I went from zero to designing a webpage that can upload and edit images. It's a good challenge!
It is a very interesting and challenging course! I liked it, especially the steganography part!
It is a motivating course to get to start with learning the foundations of HTML+CSS+JavaScript.
I learnt a lot of new information and I found the course content easy to understand and follow.
its pretty good course , its a great way to introduce you javaScript language and html and css
Quite  friendly introduction into quality programming methods, technics, philosophy and tools.
适合编程初学者，有经验的可能会有些无聊It's good for the green hand. May be a little boring for the ad programmers
class was good , i am learn  about javascript,html and css. it was great experience.thank you
Mentors explained it really well/ Really liked their way of explaining using unique examples.
Awesome Course !! really informative and the support is great. perfect for beginners like me.
REALLY AWESOME COURSE. SPECIALLY THE WAY PROFESSORS TEACH MAKES IT MORE EASIER TO UNDERSTAND.
Great fundamentals and it's nice to have something tangible to show for your work at the end!
Awesome experience. It was my first Programming course which I completed. More to follow :).
Thanks for giving this opportunity. This course is very helpful for me. Thank you very much.
Easy to understand, interesting practice tasks, friendly instructors. Basics of JS and Html.
If you're searching for simply explained and really good experience, just start this course!
I started my study at coursera just few days ago. I think it is a better place for learning.
indept analysis, i realy  enjoy every seconds of it. Thanks to Coursera and Duke University.
I had a lot of doubts at the beginning but at the end I was Ecxited to start the next level.
Nice curriculum, around a fun subject. It was no punishment to be busy with the excersises.
very well structured course for a begineer i love computer science during doing this course
This is a good course for learnig about pixel in images , little bit difficult for biggners
One of the best course..covers basics and teaches excellent programming..Thanks to the team
It was a very good Course .Also the the way of teaching was great it really helped me.  :-)
Great beginner course. Recommend for limited working knowledge of HTML, CSS and Javascript.
Well done! Interactive, entertaining, and always applying and checking what you've learned!
I loved this course.I am a beginner and i have a very good idea about it now.Thanks a lot.
A very good introduction to HTML, CSS, and JS. I liked very much the learning environment.
It was a really amazing experience that I enjoyed every time. Thank you and I see you them
Learned a lot of basic structure and design of a website and fun ways to make interactive.
Duke university professor are really have good knowledge and they learn like as guardian .
This course is awesome! They really teach you the fundamental of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
really good course i had fun doing it , thank you for you're effort it was really helpful
This course has opened my eyes to programming and made a very positive impact on my life.
it's really interactive and you will learn so much things with fun!! Thank you vers much!
Quite an interesting course as for a person who had no experience of programming by far.
I learned HTML, CSS and JS basics in this course. I am very grateful to DLTP environment
Very good course, just need to practise the material provided to get the best out of it.
This course help me and i gained knowledge. Guys try to learn  new things and fell happy
A very good course,the thing they teach is really clear and you could handle them easily
the last week material is too time consuming it's actually requires 2 weeks of hard work
Style of Teaching is fabulous.Please give us a course of latest Technologies.Thank You!
Its a good course but if you add little more for the JavaScript, then it will be better
Fun, cool, interesting, and engaging. All that a learning experience should consist of!
I love it so far. It is being delivered in a way that is easy to understand and follow.
Nice course for those who don't have the idea about the web designing in the front-end.
A fantastic introduction to the world of programming and designing your own webpage. :)
It was the best course ever....Thanks from the Duke University and their nice teachers.
Excellent course to understand the knowledge of HTML, CSS,javascript as a new learner.
Wonderful course with great mini projects to get started with HTML, CSS and JavaScript
Thankyou coursera for proving this opportunity as i am able to explore my knowledge...
An amazing and very well made course. Thanking everyone who contributed in its making.
Great learning experience!!! i would do it again to keep my mind refresh when need be.
The material and topics covered makes a great overview of what being a developer means
It is very useful for me, to learn HTML,CSS,JavaScript. I am very thankful to the Duke
The course taught new things about javascript programming and working with web pages.
this course was perfect. I entered as a beginner, now I know a lot about programming.
There were though challenges in the programming exercises but I think it was worth it
Great contents delivered in the most simple manner which makes it easy to understand.
Very well designed course, fun to learn practice test's. Great course for beginners!!
I enjoyed the coding exercises. They were valuable to solidifying concepts in memory.
It was a great experience in learning this code. It was a very helpful course to me.
thankyou for helping to get a piece of knowledge about the HTML, CSS, and javascript
Easy to follow!Interesting way to learning about web development via image editing.
It's nice course for someone new in Web Development or interested in Web Technology
Course is perfect for beginners. I learned a lot and the material is easy to digest
Good course, I liked the method used to explain how approach A programming language
Very easy to learn yet very useful in today's world! Took me about a week to finish
This was a great course!! Thanks for all the work put into it, I appreciate it all!
A seriously fabulous course, well prepared and with really cool coding assignments.
Very wonderful this course..Im improve my programing skills.thankyou coursera team
Extremely helpful. I am beyond grateful all the team that put in a lot of efforts.
Made my quarantine worth it, spending time on this platform!It was Fun Learning ;)
It helps to improve my English Language and can know about the html css javascript
The very useful course as I learned a lot of stuff from here. Thank You, trainers!
That's my first course on coursera and I am really surprised how much I've learnt.
challenging, passed however will retake lesson 1, I wanted it embedded in my soul.
best opportunity  initial learning of all student who those financial week student
Great course. You can pick up the content fast enough and have fun while doing it.
I learned a lot in this course and it does not take much installation of software.
Great intro for beginners like me, that helps me a lot with front-end development
Awesome course to start learning web development and fundamentals of programming.
Great course and great professors. Very interesting knowledge base to learn from.
A very useful course. Gave me a lot of Knowledge about HTML, CSS and Javascript.
This was really interesting and the way the professor's thought is appreciative.
Really a great course.The lessons are well-structured to keep things interesting
Very nice structured course for someone placing their first steps on programming
Instructor knowledge is excellent and with this course I got useful information.
nicely covered , content is very good and taught very nicely thanks to faculties
Great course for beginners. It gives you the basics to become a good programmer.
It paved the way for my programming learning.Excellent Course! 100% recommended!
practically conducted cousre with DLTP database makes very helpful for beginner
The most intresting course I've ever been. I am blessed to study it. Thank you!
Interesting Course to learn programming foundations of HTML, CSS and JAVASCRIPT
This course really gave me fundamental knowledge about Javasript, HTML, and CSS
this  course provide really good knowledge of all three subject JS,html and css
Amazing course to get hands on the most important languages for web development
I am so happy .This course have boosted my confidence in science and technology
Everything is great and im so excited to be here and learn from Duke University
Excellent description of how to take first steps in HTML and CSS. Thanks a lot!
Extecellent course helped alotin learning html,css and javascript from scrach.
Great Course helps an individual to improve their coding skills in javascript.
Thank you! Duke University for giving me such a wonderful platform on coursera
Nice and the educational field is fine and learn many things of web designing.
A good introductory course, with a strong emphasis on JavaScript. Recommended.
I enjoyed the format and the opportunites to practice and fine tune and debug.
It's good for learning the basics. I'm a true beginner so it's perfect for me.
Exceptionally awesome course which teaches the basics of front end development
The material is simple and easy to understand, instructors explains very well.
The course was excellent for beginners and I was able to learn a lot from it.
It's is really nice course to learn.I learned to make a interactive web site.
This course is very interactive. Also, all the instructors are very skillful.
Very nice course, well explained, good examples.Overall I was very satisfied!
Excellent class. Learned a lot but WAY more time required than what they say.
Fantastic course.. Very well put subjects and classes. Loved the assignments.
One of the best courses of programming with very good examples and exercises
This course introduced me very well into some basic programming skills... :)
Really fun and easy to follow. Feel like it teaches you quickly how to code.
That's Great For Beginners Who Have Starter Their Career In Web Development.
I never thought before that learning coding will so easy and interesting....
This course I can learn JS and Image processing at the same time, wonderful!
very creative course specially duke java environment. and codepen plateform.
Great class. All the professors are very good. Learning a lot of new things.
It was great fun! Learned a lotThank u Coursera and Thank u Duke University!
My expierence is really good.I can recommend other people to do that course
Really good and understandable course.Not too complicated.excellent program
by this course i can understand the basic concepts of html,css, javaScripts
You will get real skills with the further possibility of their application.
It was an amazing experience. Learning from such professors was really fun.
It's friendly to a totally beginner. You won't regret by taking this class!
very good basic foundation course help to understand from the basic concept
It was a pleasant journey through the web foundations.
Thank you very much!
Great intro to programming, and learning to think, like a software engineer
Was a wonderful experience, learned lot about jss,html,css and programming
really a great session to create a web page thank you for this opportunity
Great course for beginners.Thank you so much coursera and the entire team.
Good course for learning the basics of HTML, Javascript and stageneography
This is a very good course to learn the basis of HTML, CSS and Javascript.
Very interesting and helpful ,one should do it sincerely and get benifited
Fantastic course, the teaching was good and the you will learn definitely.
Thank you for this course! Straightforward explanation with good examples!
Amazing course. It's helping me a lot to understand how programming works.
Everything is fine :)Except , the text of options not appearing in Quizes
THis is a very informative course and helpful.The instructors are awesome
Wonderful course! Thank you very much! I will take the remaining courses!
Very interesting course for beginners to learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Excellent instructors, training materials, content, and knowledge checks.
This course was quite challenging but yet it was fun and very educating.
The way they explain each modules was so detailed yet easy to understand
Learned a lot and it was great that this was self paced and interesting!
I loved the content thank you coursera and duke university intructors!!!
awesome experience . really learned alot about html ,css and java script
this Programming Foundation has really help a lot, thanks to the Cousera
Very good course. I had fun and I learned so many programming skills :).
This course has boosted me for Web Development and teaching is awesome.
learned a lot from this course..specially by doing all the exercises ..
It was really good to learn from this online course by duke university.
It's a very good course and structured in a very good way for beginners
Instructors are great! They made the content more interesting for sure.
this is helpful for making a website  using html, css and java script..
I like that I can see my progress quickly in understanding a new skill.
It was a wonderful experience and the courses were very understandable
Very interesting, I learn a lot of new TechnologiesThank You very much
The Way Of Teaching is excellent. I have learned so many things.thanks
This is very good course for beginners and a bit advanced programmers.
Best to make a strong base in computing. Highly recommended to anyone.
very intersting course...thank you so much for this great oppurtunity
Very good stuff! An excellent introduction to Javascript, HTML & CSS.
Extremely Useful, also doable. Really love this. Thankyou Professors.
Good teaching by the facality by giving more examples about a cpncept
Well, I just liked the course, this is exactly what I was looking for
This Is My First E-Certificate I feel Amazing Many More To Come Now!!
nice explanation! the course is really helpfull to improve my skills.
Greatly enjoyed this course, simply but challenging at the same time.
Short but effective, you will learn web programming within one month.
Well explained fundamental of HTML, CSS and Javascript with examples.
Excellent Step into Coding and computer science program for beginners
Fantastic Course... many thanks... its very clear, and challenged...
Great course for a beginner, clearly explained fundamental concepts.
It is very good for beginner who want to start learning programming.
Great introduction that will have you building web pages by the end.
Well Done!!!  Excellent Course.  Really liked the Honors Assignment.
This is a very good course and great experience, thanks for teaching
Very well designed and taught course.  Thanks to the Duke Univ team.
Could't ask for better instructors! Came to learn, left determined!
Still I did not get the honors certificate. Please process it soon.
It would be great if professors/mentors check the forums more often
There were lot of practice code due to which i feel more competent.
Ti is good.If the course has chinese translation that w be popular.
It was a very helpful and interesting course learned a lot from it.
The teacher is very good, material is also very careful and useful.
Nice.................Instructors are really good and knoledgeable.
course is really good. Duke university has awesome teaching staff.
It was a nice course,I now have basic knowledge of HTML,CSS and JS
This course is excellent, especially the part of image processing.
This course helped me learning various facts about web development
I enjoyed this course. The  projects were fun programming reviews.
I like the teaching staff! Excellent travail et merci infiniment !
great great course to get you started, and on your way programming
It helped me a lot in learning basics of HTML, CSS, and JavaSript
Loved Learning with Duke University through the help of Coursera.
All faculty members of this course are too much good. Thanx a lot
its was soo nice of coursera to bring these kinds of course to us
Great projects to test your skills and pushes you to be creative!
A lot of fun to learn this way. Great content and great teachers.
It was difficult at some times but i always did it !loving' it !!
Nice Course to have the fundamental knowledge on JS, CSS and HTML
I just wanna say Perfect for beginners and intermediate students
The first course in my life , and it was very interesting for me
It was amazing and the teachers were really highly intellectual.
Very useful for who wanna do something new in the digital world.
I have learned so much knowledge about css,html and  java coding
An excellent course to take if you are a beginner in this matter
Really this fundamental modules give big idea about programming.
This is an excellent course with everything explained in detail.
The course was challenging an fun, the best part is at the End!
It's really helpful for the beginner who never learn it before.
thing this is a very useful i've ever learned in my qurantine .
I enjoyed lot with this course..and learnt more from it too....
Teachers are very nice and feels comfortable working with them.
A very enjoyable course with fun projects and great professors.
process gradually towards success! course materials is perfect.
This was a fun class. good lectures and nice exercises. Thanks!
loved it! It's a fantastic course to make a beginning in coding
One of the well organized and informative course for beginners.
I really enjoyed the course. Can't wait to start the next one!
Thank you for everything, I already have an algorithmic base..
Well organised lectures to go through with hands-on practices.
Bomb class, leaves you with actual projects to show employers.
This course is so great! Help me a lot in studying programming
VERY HELPFUL IN LEARNING THE BASICS OF HTML,CSS AND JAVASCRIPT
very useful for anyone that wants to become a programming guru
Excellent course with good challenging programming excercises.
The class is very interesting and the teachers teach me a lot.
Thank you for the help! I have learned so much along the way.
I think this a good course for beginners to learn programming
great to start. Boring for people with programming experience
Incredibly beneficial and useful online courses you can find.
very good and elaborated course to learn basics of programing
this is the very good course for your clear basic fundamental
This course is very good for quick start in web development.
Total beginner. Easy to follow and I understood the content.
taught me all the basic front end developer skills i needed.
Its soooo good everything is taught in very friendly manner.
Clear Explanation and provides a platform to dive in detail.
A great course whether you're a beginners and experts alike!
This course is the best course to understand the programming
very Good course and I learned very much from this course .
Very Professional and Informative course. It is refreshing.
Great course, with great teachers. Really useful and clear.
I'm learning a lot and all the lessons are easy to follow!!
very useful and informative course for students and others
precised according to real time fundamentals and knowledge
This course was amazing and I learned SOOOOO much!!!!!!!!!
good to learn and understanding easily thank you very much
Great course to get started with HTML, CSS and Javascript.
I like this Course it easy to learn HTML,CSS & Javascript
The presentations were clear and very easy to understand.
Great class.  I liked the self-paced aspect of the class.
Really well built especially the web based  image filter.
Best practical course fit for introduction to programming
A very good starting course for understanding javaScript.
you must have to come with course to bulid your knowldge
It was excellent taking this course I have learned alot!
helpled a lot for learning the basics of web development
it was a nice course,as a beginner it is the best course
Very interesting course, very useful practical exercises
Beginner can easily learn and can enhance our knowledge.
I gained new programming skills. I loved this course! :)
Awesome course easy to understand and fallow along with!
Exсellent coure for begginers in JS and Image Processing
outstanding teaching !!! really loving to do course here
A good way to learn the basics of web pages programming.
It was a great experience...Course content was too good
I enjoyed learning the principles of web page creation!
Thank you all for the excellent course, I learnt a lot.
The way they explained it made it easy for me to follow
Great experience ,Good faculty  ,Learned a Lot!! thanks
Very nice teachers and have good skills to teach thanks
Excellent beginner course that teaching many new skills
They make it very easy for beginners like me to follow.
the point is about design and 7 steps to solve problem
some questions of assingments are not relate to videos
Very interesting and excellent course.Thanks coursera!
very interesting and it really makes learning so easy!
i like dis system for free of cost given d  knowledge.
I would recommend this very much. It is a cool course.
It is very useful course with good and useful examples
Its a great learning package especially for beginners!
Very good course i think i am addicted to programming!
I was amazing to learn and participate in this course.
Best for a beginner to learn HTML, CSS and Javascript.
Nice course. Everything is explained. Good first step.
Good Job !!Deserves Compliment !!!!!Keep it up forever
It's really geared to beginners and very well planned.
This is very good course.I really enjoy it.Thanks!!!!
Well structured. The professors are very enthusiastic
THİS COURSE İS VERY  HELPFUL THANKS COURSERA'S FAMİLY
The best lesson you can find throughout the internet.
This was a good one, easy to understand yet advanced.
Awesome explanation. It is very understandable.......
I learned a lot with your course and thank infinitely
Great course on the basics! I enjoyed the activities.
I think, it's very good course to start programming.
It was good learning with you guys and enjoyed a lot
It's amazing course to starting with web programming
Very useful, interactive and clear, I learned a lot!
Great course. I've learn more about HTML, CSS and JS
it is very good specially the algorithms that viewed
Extraordinary -- guiding you through it all the way,
Very interactive teaching and very nice instructors!
Love the course. Used to be confused by such things.
Great material. Nice for newbies to web development.
Awesome course for refreshing Programing knowledge!!
Awesome course for any beginners for web programming
Bery helpful course and learnt new concept with CSS
Very informative as well as highly practical course
Interesting and learned all about css,html and jsp.
It is a fantastic course with detailed explanation.
The Course Is Very Helpful. Specially For Beggainer
A very nice course to indulge yourself in learning.
Very useful and easy to understand for beginners !!
I am sooooooo excited to take this learning journey
Excellent course! The best Java course on Coursera!
Great course! Loving the experience of programming!
Thank you for such perfect materials and knowledge.
great course, green screen code was the best part.
Challenging course. Learnt a lot from this course.
I have learnt all the essentials regarding this...
It so simply to understand, I love this course!!!!
It was an amazing experience. I'm glad I took it.
this guys are awesome while assignments are tough
easy and a very good course to check ur knowledge
A great course to start your programming journey.
The course was awesome. Please everybody try this
This was an excellent course to learn programing,
Great course! Had a wonderful time with you guys!
A very detailed course with very good instructors
this fills in all the blank space i had thank you
Really helpful and full of essential information.
Great course, very interactive and fun to follow.
awesome course.veru usefull videos to learn from.
Very Informative.Understood everything in detail
I like this course. It's high-level programming.
Gained enough knowledge by doing this course....
Fun and very useful to learn the basics. Thanks!
It was an amazing experience. Loved it alot!!!!!
Thank you very much to my teachers. Best regards
Good course and all the professors are excellent
Perfectly clear Explanations ! Thank you so much
very helpful course specially for it learners ..
Good content and learned all the basic concepts.
Easily understood Step by Step learning process.
nice course to get the basics of html css and js
Outstanding experience!! Will surely recommend!!
Outstanding introduction to a number of concepts
Great course of introduction to web programming.
Fantastic Class looking forward to the next one.
it is really good effort. i am actually learning
A perfect place for beginners in web programming
Excellent course! Way of teaching is very good!
a really nice course with amazing mini projects
This is awesome basic course about programming.
It's knowledgeable course. learning new things
It is good course. Nice experience we have got
This is course is very useful for a beginneer.
Really helpful and very friendly to beginners.
I strongly recommend this course for beginners
I have  really enjoyed classes! It is amazing.
Very nice course, i like this. Thanks for all!
Very great course! Thanks to all the teachers!
This is a great course with great instructors!
Really helpful for professionals and learners.
Excellent introduction to programming the web.
really helped me to have a hold in programming
Very comprehensive and useful course to take.
Starting easy but becoming quite challenging.
very good course for beginners to begin with!
Thank you Coursera..!This was amazing Journey
This is very good online course.Thank you!!!!
Very well faculty  studied n made the lecture
Such a nice platform for the online learning.
Simply Awesome, loved the course structure :)
Very Helpful and Inviting I feel so grateful.
Great Course, great start at learning coding.
I couldn't believe that I created a web-site.
A great Experience! the teachers were great!
GOOD,INTRESTING TO LEARN AND WORK OUT ......
Good course and explained in detailed manner
This was the best learning experience I had.
perfect for both new and old web programmers
Excellent Course and challenging assignments
Very Effective way of learning web Designing
Great course,very understandable and useful!
nice for beginner without any CS background!
A wonderful Beginner course for java lovers
This course is help to the design a website
The course was really good and explanatory.
Thank you for such an extraordinary  course
very good course. i got very good knowledge
it is a very important course for everyone.
The course covers the concepts pretty well!
I like the course. It's nice for beginners.
Very informative and helpful for developers
Thank you very much, This is a Great Course
Really awesome and intensive! Thanks a lot!
Easy to understand and friendly to freshman
A very interesting and perspicacious course
great course except the charging assignment
Great! I get about  javascript / CSS /html
It is very goodWe expect more such courses
Excellent course with an excellent content
So far , lecturers are amazing . Thank you
this is a very detailed and awesome course
Loved it, learned so much for a fair price
The course material is very comprehensive.
ausumn course.Got to learn  a lot from it.
This is a great course with good examples.
Very good introduction to web programming!
Great course for the novice web developer.
Awesome, but did not get the certificate.
I really like the journey of this course.
It was fantastic enough. Enjoyed a lot...
this will help us to make our life better
Excellent course for newbies. Enjoyed it.
i benefited a lot from this course.thanks
Most of the materials are easy to follow.
learned a lot. just want to say thank you
Very good presentation of subject matter.
Nice Course Learned lot from the Course..
please teach more about javascript basics
this was awesomely taught and understood
Great course to start for java learning.
Very well collaborated and interesting !
Effective way of Learning of programming
Did great , this course helped me a lot!
great course help learning a lot of java
The course is very good and informative.
Awesome course, thanks for providing it.
I actually managed to finish this class!
Wouldn't have expected better than this
It was an awesome adventure! Thank you!
The Explanation of each topic is great.
Amazing Professors and teaching styles.
This was very well done and instructive
A Great Course!!!Thanks so much guys :)
Perfect, Sophisticated, good structure!
very useful for web developer beginner.
interesting teacher and useful sources!
It is grate! thanks a lot for teaching
best course ever .very much motivating
this course is just great!!!i loved it
good course for beginers in this field
it is very good and informative course
tHE BEST COURSE I HAVE LEARNED SO MUCH
Great introduction to web programming.
Easy to understand and Quality course.
Very good course to learn fundamentals
Very good course, covering the basics.
Thank you for such a brilliant course!
Great intro course to web development.
Very good course to learn some basics
One of the best course for beginners.
For the beginners, it is really good.
excellent content and way of teaching
excellent  job thank you very much <3
It is a good course for new learners.
nice course...explained very well....
Thank you  !It was really interesting
Very good and well structured course.
Excellent Introduction to HTML and Js
It is nice. Comprehensive and simple.
A very good course for the beginners.
Amazing, good videos and material :)
very helpfull and descriptive course
Good for fundamental of programming.
Honestly, Very Interesting to learn.
ALL the professors taught very good.
very nice teaching thank you so much
Really knowledgeable instructors !!!
It was an amazing course. I love it.
It was a great course for beginners!
great introduction to web designing.
Brilliant Course with Google Crew !!
Thank you for this beautiful course
Good to learn web page developement
Was so sweet to coding with Experts
Knowledge bucket served with zeal:)
great course and easy to understand
Helpful to understand basics of web
I really loved the way i was taught
Thank you guys. I love this course.
Well tailored course for begineers!
Very good start for new programmers
It's pretty good. I liked it a lot.
I love it, you guys doing great job
learned a lot, images are fun!!!!!!
It was awesome learning experience
Very intuitive and usefull course.
it was a wonderful course to learn
Great introduction to programming!
It is a great introductory course.
Thank you for the excelent course.
Great intro to general concepts :)
The course content was fantastic!!
very good teaching skills I do say
that's very good course  i love it
it is very intersting and helpful
Great course for learn the basics
a great course for the beginners.
I have learned JavaScript deeply.
Excellent teaching and explaining
That's was an amazing experience.
Awesome course thank you coursera
this course is great:) Thank you!
It is fun to learn from coursera.
Useful course for beginner in JS.
Very good, really enjoy doing it.
very simple and easy way to learn
Highly recommended for beginners.
Amazing course, amazing teachers!
very informative and fun to learn
nice one , you guys doing great.
excellent teaching by professors
very useful course ... Thank you
Its easy to learn program coding
Course was really good! Awesome!
NIce course with great lectures.
Thank you for excellent content!
i didn't get the certificate yet
well done,very clear and useful.
I learn so much! I am thrilled!!
IT WAS REALLY A AWESOME SESSION
Excellent Course for beginers.
Best course for the beginners.
The over all was very good....
It was interesting! Thank you!
It's good course for beginners
Fun and interesting. thanks :)
This is great course thank you
very nice course for beginners
nice beginning course!helpful~
This course is amazing for me
easy to access to programming
very good intro level course.
I really enjoyed the course!!
good intro for the JavaScript
Very helpful course! Love it!
I love this course so much :D
good course a bit complicated
Great course for first-timers
Awesome programming exercises
a good  course for beginning.
Good content and instructors
good quality course in india
Great Course for Beginners:)
very helpful and interesting
EASY TO UNDERSTAND I LIKE IT
The course is easy to learn.
very good course. thank you.
easy to learn.best teachers!
Very basic and informational
Thank you my all Instructors
Challenging and informative.
very helpful and convenient.
Very usedful for this course
I really enjoyed the course!
This course was quite good.
nice expeience thank you ..
very helpful, saved my day.
Happy to learn a new skill.
very helfull to the learner
So useful for a beginner :)
Excellent Course, Loved It!
Excellent Course. Thank You
i love to learn this course
Very Good and useful course
Really enjoyed this course!
Love all the tutors in this
Very useful for beginners.
It was great. Thank you!!!
Excellent way of teaching!
this course is fashionable
really nice and understood
it's very good and helpful
great course learned a lot
thanks alot for this cours
NICE COURSE FOR BEGINNERS
Good and very interesting
great team great teachers
its very useful and good.
good understanding course
this was great. thank you
its  really good progress
Very interesting course !
Best way to start coding!
Great Introduction Course
Great course! Very practi
I understood everything.
Very nice thanks so much
Had a great experience!!
great course. thank you.
great way of learning!!!
Very good and helpful 🙏
good course lot to learn
Awesome Video.Thank you.
Best way to begin coding
Great Experience for me!
Its an Awesome Course!!!
so nice a class as it is
Have a great experience
This course is so good.
Very useful for my work
I really learned a  lot
Great Learning Resource
Clear and entertaining.
Great course thank you!
I absolutely loved it!!
easy and understandible
Had a great experience
it was extremely super
wonderful explanations
Thanks Duke University
It was a nice tutorial
it was amazing thank u
Perfect to start with.
Did a bit, its alright
great beginners course
Good for the beginners
Best teachers thank u
very great course !!!
Coursera is the Best!
Absolutely Wonderful!
loved this course!!!!
great! easy to learn!
Great course. Thanks
great and enjoyed it
GREAT COURSE CONTENT
teaching is dam good
just love the course
Great for beginners.
Interesting content!
It is helpful for me
Awesome explanation
Learn lot of things
Absolutely Perfect.
high quality course
its the best course
very nice teaching
EASY TO UNDERSTAND
Excellent Teaching
so good and simple
very good to know
Very Interesting.
its great.......
subject was good
Awesome! Thanks!
Nice explanation
fantastic class!
I AM LOVING THIS
Great professors
Simply superb:)
Great learning.
Thanks for this
Very Helpful...
Learned A lot!
very use full
Knowledgeable
Well guided !
Amazing Work!
Thanks Alot.
its too good
that amazing
It's Great !
Learn!!!!!!!
Good Course!
Great course
Great Topic
I Loved it.
thanks you
Good stuff
very ease
beificial
thank s
