A good basic overview of the insects (and some other arthropods); I would have preferred more time spent considering insect diversity and behaviour, and rather less on control methods; maybe this could be covered in Bugs 102? Unfortunately the presentation was very dated with the rather wooden speakers sitting in front of the camera apparently reading from the auto-cue.
I love bugs and this course only solidified that! It's nice to be around other people who have the same interest and passion for these alien-like creatures all around us. My only complaint is that it is difficult if not impossible to contact anyone for questions. There is a discussion board but people have to decide to answer your questions... you can see how many people view your question and decide not to answer. Thank you for this adventure <3
This course was very well composed. Each lecturer was very concise and well-spoken. I thoroughly enjoyed the lectures, the interviews and the visual materials. I would recommend this course to others.
This was a great start to learning about insects. I got given a basic overview of all topics. Maybe you can have a part 2 on insect identification and research.
I think the try it yourself sections were pretty interesting, however content felt to be really memory based which feells very overwhelming
Excellent class full of great information.  Very comprehensive.  Would give 5 stars, but the whole bug thing is still kind of creepy.
Good overall aspects of insects but some of the information is difficult to understand
The ILO for IPM was not fully playable. However, overall this a good course.
Very informative, although boring at times.
IT WAS A NICE COURSE
I already hold a Ph.D. in entomology and a BCE from the Entomological Society of America, and thus have a broad background in the study of insects. However, prior to this course I did not have the opportunity to take a full course that focused specifically on insect-human interactions. While parts of this course were redundant on the knowledge I already hold (which allowed me to zip through the course faster than I'd expect the average student to do), I did slow down on the later units that included some new content that I had not learned previously. Even the redundant portions were a welcome review of insect biology. The course was well organized, engaging, and offered a wealth of information. The visuals were effective, the explanations were clear, and the topics were covered broadly and without apparent bias. Thank you to everyone who worked to make this course happen; your hard work and dedication really show. My only critique - and it's a minor one - is that the instructors spoke as if reading a script. A more conversational tone would help to create a feeling that I'm really in the classroom.
I'm trying not to cry, as I've reached the end of this wonderful course. I loved learning from you wonderful teachers, and will miss your faces and voices. Thanks for making this course so wonderfully engaging, full of incredible visuals, succinct interviews, unbiased facts, and thought-provoking lessons and quizzes. I was very happy to enhance my experience by creating Quizlet flashcards for all the terminology and pre/suffixes, and to make that available to my fellow learners. As of now, there are currently 158 participants that have signed up to use them. I'm thrilled that others are benefiting from them as well. My love of arthropods has gained a more scientific foundation, for which i will forever be thankful. My next goal is to somehow become a part of Citizen Science! Thank you for inspiring so many of us. Thanks to the University of Alberta for making this accessible to the world, and for Coursera and their easy-to-use interface. I adored every minute of it.
Excellent course! Content-rich and very informative both as a learning experience for the insect enthusiast or beginning entomologist as well as an excellent review for the practicing entomologist.
I am an engineer by profession, who has always had a fascination for insects. This structured course helped me learn about them more formally.The course is very well organized. It was helpful to have diagrams, photos and videos as the instructors spoke.As a lay person, the modules most informative to me were - "Plant Feeding and Impacts of Herbivory" and "Insects and Disease". The part on taxonomy in Module 1 was also very interesting. I would have liked to delve a little deeper into taxonomy.I found that one of the female instructors spoke too rapidly, especially on the later modules (9, 10, 11). This made it a bit difficult to follow along.My only recommendation would be to include a "Further Reading" section at the end of the course that students can refer to if they wish to dig deeper into a particular topic of interest.
I majored in entomology and completed several graduate level courses in entomology more than two decades ago. I decided to take up this course mainly to examine the quality of the content and it is really well made, keeping the interest of the complete outsider and providing a great overview. I cannot but recommend this to all those who have have an interest in insect life but have either not chosen to study entomology or have been unable to do so.
This class is phenomenal.  It was shared in the FB group "entomemeology" and a few of us signed up.   It's such a great way to take an intro to entomology course because there's no pressure for a grade; I can just passively learn now and let myself totally enjoy it. Later I won't be so stressed taking a full entomology course for a grade!
Excellent course for a "beginner" as existing rudimentary and a more ore less scattered(diversified..?) knowledge  was  just sorted  out in a updated way so a more stablebelieve in bugs by now for a "student" born 2 year before beginning of WW2.
Professors are knowledgeable. I obtained so much information about my future career in this one course! I honestly plan on taking it again at some point to refresh my memory and hone my skills.
Amazing!!! Learn so much about insects! I am an agronomic engineering student and I definitely think that I will apply some topics that I have learn in my professional life. It was a great experience, thank you so much.
Excellent breadth of information, and more depth than expected.  Videos and provided course notes are detailed and well-organized, and interactive exercises were helpful (more of them would be welcome!).  Questions posted on the forum were answered by staff quickly and in great detail.This is an amazing way to learn more about a vast and often overlooked part of our ecosystem - highly recommended!Note: please do not judge the course based on the first five minutes of the introduction video - Dr. Joelle Lemmen, Ilan Domnich, and Valerie Marshall present virtually all of the course material after that.
This course is the best of this platform. The instructors are so nice and fun, the course facilitator Ilan Domnich is such a nice guy that answer every single question in the forums. It's a long course but totally worth it. I got out of the course with a smile on my face, loving insects a lot more than I did before
This course was exceptionally well produced both in content and in presentation.  As a teacher of medical students for the past 30 years, I wish I could do as well as you have done.  Thank you
Very informative, fun and interactive. The lecturers are very passionate and you can see that they really love what they do. I would recommend this course to any science loving individual.
Its really a very interesting course to learn the basic  knowledge of different type of insects and their interaction with the humans as well.
Very nice course that helps you to understand the importance of insects in almost every part of our life.
I am an environmental educator/nature educator, and I was looking for a course that could help me further my interest in and very limited knowledge of insects (both for personal interest and professional development). Thank you to the staff for making a great course. It was filled with quality made videos, impressive amounts of interviews with relevant professionals, and well explained concepts that I could understand even though I didn't have a large amount of previous knowledge. Part of what makes the course great is that the staff (shout out to Iian) keeps this class "live" by responding to student posts with thoughtful comments. I am happy I took this, and I learned a great deal about the basic biology of insects, their roles in an ecosystem, plenty of interesting facts about specific insects, how they interact with humans in a medical/cultural/agricultural setting, as well as many "teachable moments" where the material inspired my own independent and significant thoughts on things such as medical and economic disparity across the world. Oh, and I have new favorite insects: froghoppers and treehoppers (they can experience and survive several hundred times earth gravity when they jump, and treehoppers look REALLY cool), and trilobite beetles. Its hard to choose just one insect!
E O Wilson once said "Every kid has a bug period... I never grew out of mine", nor did I. Fascinated by insects, especially the stingless bees as a kid, I have been working on non-Apis bees in Doon Valley, foothills of the Himalayas, since the beginning of 2012, that earned me a PhD. I simultaneously started to study a new group of insects the Cicadas in NE India since mid of 2018. Academically, I was not trained in entomology in undergrad school, hence wished to have a degree or a beginners course on insects. Bugs 101 has been a great source of learning and great place to know people and areas of research around the world. The course was crisp and participant friendly. I have recommended Bugs 101 to many of my colleges and friends who want to know more about insects and the world of Arthropods. I am looking forward to an advanced certificate course in insect ecology which can be useful in my future postdoc plans. I strongly recommend everyone to take this course to get cool insights into the world of insects.
An excellent course. I have a degree in zoology, I and am a physician who has a keen and ongoing interest in natural history and biology, so I came into this course with some knowledge of the area already. I found that the course was structured to accommodate both beginners people and people such as I who have a moderate amount of knowledge already in this area. I have a couple of suggestions: first, I think that the transcript should be available to download in a more advanced form than simple.txt, because it downloads with dozens and dozens of line breaks that make it very difficult to read. In addition, I found a couple of the presenters had vocal mannerisms that prevented the transcription process from accurately recognizing their speech, causing a lot of errors in the transcription. In any case, these are simply annoyances, and do not take away from the value of the course, and overall I highly recommend it.
Sincerely, i really like this Module. Although there are many Biological terms and words that are difficult to understand (my English is just moderate standard, haha), but through this module, i am willing to search the meaning of words. And the topic that i really enjoy are Module 5, insects as decomposers. And through this module, i help me to learn to know more harmful insect like diamondback moth and its caterpillar and so on. It realy amazing. If i got time, i hope i can review this topics again. And last, really thank you to the admin because giving me chance to retake the quiz although i lack of motivation and can't put effort esppecially of time to go through the module. And the chances that given is very much appreciate. And i am from Malaysia. I hope i can find some online free course just like this in Malaysia. I love this course very much. Thank you.
This course was outstanding in many ways. The content was comprehensive and detailed, yet accessible to learners with limited science backgrounds. I have a first degree in biology and have taught secondary science, and I thought some of my high school students and even a motivated, interested middle schooler could complete this course. Best of all, compared to other courses offered online, the pedagogy in this course is excellent. The instructors and designers clearly paid attention to learning and how different people learn when they designed this course. They "check for understanding" regularly and in different ways so you can assess whether you're really understanding what is shared. The video quality is also excellent. I highly recommend this course.
Just expecting a
brief introduction about insect I enrolled. But it was amazing
journey with the team.Such an amazing content supplemented with suitable media
resources, interviews and ILOs!. I am really thankful to the team for
the wonderful learning experience provided in the short-term course.
I am sure that the course can create a positive attitude towards
'bugs' among the learners irrespective of their backgrounds. I am eagerly waiting for 'Bugs 102', which will be another
ground-breaking course. I am expecting such initiatives will
encourage students to take up careers in entomology and allied
subjects to fill in the gaps present. 
Once again, big thanks to the team!(Expecting a course which focus on other arthropods also. Spiders, mites etc.)
This course has changed my mind in so many ways!In the beggining, I confess that I was more like indiferent with these little cratures, but now... I feel so attached for them. Me and my boyfriend, the one who invited me to study this course, have collected already more than 10 caterpillars and we were fascinated by their transformation!We are from Brazil, and this course has also helped us in the practice of the english.I am so grateful for the oportunity of studying is the University of Alberta, even tho in a big distance. If I have the chance, I will take a thousand more courses of this University. You'll inspired me a lot.I love all the teachers, they are pretty sympathic, and their insect's T-shirts were very stylish!
I am a student from Bangalore, India, currently in my 1st year of B.Sc. in Chemistry, Botany and Zoology. I've never studied entomology in such detail. It was really informative and fun. I am so glad to have learned about insects from the perspectives of various fields ranging from science to art. I've come to realize so many things that are influenced by these tiny yet astounding creepy crawlies. I've learned about the potential that entomology carries in various day to day aspects. I wish to convey my heartfelt gratitude to the whole team behind this amazing course named "BUGS 101". Now, I feel I've developed more curiosity and love for insects more than ever before.
It was a great course! I learned a lot about insects and spent quite a while taking notes. When talking about insects in literature, I would suggest mentioning Jay Hosler's work. He is an entomologist who has written graphic novels about insects, such as Last of the Sandwalkers where the main characters are a group of scientists in a world of mildly-anthropomorphic beetles. Many of the anthropomorphized insect illustrations throughout the course reminded me of his artstyle, they looked enough like humans to be relatable but still respected actual insect anatomy. Overall the course was great and I would recommend it to anyone with an interest in entomology.
Before taking the course, even as a Black soldier fly breeder, I had a negative attitude towards most arthropods. Now that I have complete the Insect - Human Interactions course, I have a deep respect for insects, the role and impact they make on our planet. I am amazed at how close the relationship is between species in small and large ecosystems. It is overwhelming to think that changes in human behavior can help the insect species make our earth a better place to live in just by respecting them. Hopefully this course can be open to a lot of people so they develop and apply a more caring attitude towards insects for the betterment of our planet earth.
The credit of Bugs 101 goes to University of Alberta, Professors, Professionals and whoever worked behind the scene. Thumbs up for all of you guys. It was a great experience. I learned alot more than previously I had got. Although I'm an entomologist it really helped me in deciding a particular niche for entomological research. I was looking really some ideas of research for my master studies. The way you delivered contents was amazing. As far as my favorite Insect is concerned I love stick insects as it is always hard to capture them out. Someone needs to be extra vigilant to observe and follow such insects beacuse of their camouflage behaviour.
I came already somewhat appreciative of insects, but taking this course has opened my eyes further to just how crucial insects (and other arthropods) are to the global ecosystem. Course material was highly engaging - I enjoyed the videos with their bounty of insect images and well-timed questions, the interactive bits certainly helped me nail down the parts of an insect leg or mouth, the capstone served as a fun introduction to all the complex elements of managing an orchard with an eye on its insect population, and the quizzes were fair. After this, I can certainly see why entomology can be so addicting!
LOVED this course!  Extremely well presented, both the lectures & reading material!  ALL instructors/presenters were excellent--their enthusiasm is so contagious, especially Ilan Domnic's!  While I surprised myself with how much I remembered from prior "science" classes taken years ago, I learned a great deal--more specifically info on using insects in sustainable farming, potential use of spider webs, & insect farming for food, to name a few.  Such good information I will share with others in order to educate people on the benefits of "bugs"!  THANK YOU so much for providing this course during Covid-19!
I just love this course and the content that I found here is so much précised which I think no one of the  students had left doubt after having this course .If I have to say that how I buildup the  interest to study on insects then my professor has done the research work on Honeybees which in my view is great work . So In future , I will definitely do some research wok on a one specific insect and i know that this course will going to help me a lot.Thank you so much University of Alberta as well as the team of  the department of entomology for offering such a great platform to enhance our knowledge
Learning about fascinating insect life is fun. Even before taking this course, I know that insect has hug impact on our life, but in the end I am more surprised that it could be linked to nearly everything ... more than we could imagine. This course provided the reason why we should cherish the bugs and learn to live and work with them through many interesting aspects. All speakers nicely explain things in simple manner, very easy to understand even the complex topics. I enjoy this course so much and would like to recommend to others.
I found this course very entertainment and full of very qualified and talented instructors who most definitely love insects, the environment and the effects that they cause and favour our society.Every single instructor showed passion for Entomology, which this days is hard to find, but when you find someone with that excitement it is hard to forget them.I highly recommend this course as a refreshment and challenge for anyone, no matter your knowledge of Entomology, it is very well structure and done.Thank you very much!
Bugs 101 was just what I was looking and hoping for!  A great introduction to the world of insects and their humans. I really enjoyed how the information was presented with videos, reviews, interviews, text, etc.. The instructors were engaging and enthusiastic. I look forward to using what I learned during this course in my job as a butterfly atrium associate to share the joys of the world of insects! On a personal level, I can't wait to find other courses on entomology so I can keep learning!
A super fun and interesting course! As a beginning gardener, I learned lots of useful information about identifying and managing pests in my garden. Learning pest control methods and chemicals has given me a great amount of control over my vegetables. You can really tell the instructors are passionate about bugs and it made me excited for each new lesson. Definitely recommend this course to anyone interested in gardening, bee keeping, crime investigation, ecology, conservation, or collecting!
This course is amazing! I'm an entomologist and mostly did the course for fun, but I learnt a lot. A broad range of important topics were covered, but they were covered in a good amount of detail, with plenty of additional reading available to help get a grasp on various concepts.Thank you to everyone that contributed to the making of this online unit, it is very hard to access any entomological training in Australia, and having it here makes it accessible to so many people.
Amazing course that covers the whole basics of Entomology. It was quite insightful course. The most fascinating part for me was Cultural Entomology. I would like to acknowledge the presenting staff especially Ilan dominich who helped understand the course with his insightful replies in discussion forum. I would like to encourage the students of Entomology in particular and Biological Sciences in general to take this insightful course. Happy learning :)
A very comprehensive course. I studied Entomology way back. This course was much more than a refresher, introducing aspects of human-insect relationships that I had never thought about. My attitude to insects has not changed but I am now much better equipped to influence other people and bring them around to appreciate these small creatures which are so important to all life on earth especially to humans and that we must promote their conservation.
Excellent introductory entomology course. The course title is somewhat misleading, since more than half of the modules are focussed on insect biology and behaviour rather than insect-human interactions; still, the modules are thoughtfully constructed, beautifully illustrated, and clearly explained. Highly recommend for anyone with a keen interest in learning or brushing up on insect biology, physiology, or behaviour--this is a great resource!
I am an entomologist and at the end of my Ph.D. I would say that this course is fantastic! Cover all the details an amateur entomologist or a curious person might need to know. The language is very easy and the scientific content is highly accurate. I do really surprise that found lot of super interesting fact to learn as an entomologist. In the end, appreciate all the people who provide this valuable and easy to read the content.
This was an awesome course. It was very well planned. The teachers were fantastic and I loved the interviews with the specialist in different field. I am sad that the course is now over. I would love to take more courses on insects or other arthropods with the University of Alberta. The material is amazing! Thank you so every single person who was involved in the planning and teaching of this course. Vic Quesada Herrera
I have learned more about insects. When I was a child, I only knew a few - grasshoppers, dragonflies, butterflies, beetles, bees, cockroaches, mosquitoes, lice and fleas. They seem no importance to me before. Actually, I only see them as pests. But this course helps me a lot in understanding their way and impact to our lives. There is no regret of spending my lock-down time studying insects through this online course.
An excellent course. Very detailed information covering so many different aspects of insect anatomy, behaviour, ecology, and interaction with humans and the environment. The lectures and other course materials are very interesting and well organised. The lecturers are great at explaining the information, and their passion for the subject is clear and compelling. I really enjoyed this course and have learnt a lot.
After finishing the course, I can only smile with a tear in my eye as I have never appreciated insects so much before. They are very complex and that's what makes them fun to learn. Thanks to this course I have found a new love for invertebrates in general. I am even considering changing my field of specialization because of how interesting and important arthropods are. Thank You University of Alberta!
Amazing course!!! All the lecture videos, readings and other supplementary materials were easily accessible, effective and engaging. I learned quite a bit about a number of species I'd never heard of and a few applications of entomology I'd never thought of before. Each module brought more interesting facts with it about insects and everything else. Thank you, it was terrific and well worth the effort!
This course was amazing! Every lecture is engaging, the supplementary reading is fun, and it's all put together very well. I learned so much! I didn't even know how much I didn't know about bugs before starting this class, so each new topic was a delightful learning experience. I would recommend this course to literally everyone. We all live with and rely on bugs, so we should learn more about them!
This was an exceptionally well presented course, one of the very best Coursera courses I have completed so far. The instructors were not only extremely knowledgeable, they were also very enthusiastic and capable presenters. The course programme was very well constructed and presented a wealth of information in a very accessible format. I learnt a lot and have rediscovered my love for entomology.
I truly enjoyed this class.  All of the instructors were very good & obviously quite passionate about the subject.  Their lectures and the visual information were well presented and easy to understand.  The individuals who were 'guest speakers' were knowledgeable and their information was always interesting.  I take classes for the pleasure of learning new things and, boy, have I learned a lot!!
This was the most comprehensive course! Not only did I get a very in-depth education about arthropods, but learning about Integrated Pest Management was enlightening and opened my eyes to the many ways in which we can avoid using chemical pesticides in favor of nature's pest control. Loved it. Planning on returning to the lectures many times in the future to cement this knowledge in my mind.
I have always had an interest in insects, and they appear in my job, but had limited knowledge. I found this course during the Covid-19 lockdown and thoroughly enjoyed doing it online. The mix of videos, course notes and interactive activities made the course so much more interesting, introduced me to a range of modules and the enthusiasm of the tutors has been contagious! Thank you :)
I enjoyed this course and learned a lot -- I've had a lifelong interest in insects, but have never studied entomology and don't work in the sciences.  Even in sections I thought I already knew a lot about -- the honeybee module, for instance -- I always ended up learning something.  Also, when my kids were younger, they/we were big John Acorn fans -- glad to see he made an appearance!
It was a very enjoyable course. The amount of information thought by this course is overwhelming but very interesting. I think that people should know about many of the modules in this class and it would be beneficial to have a shorter more basic version for public in general. The instructors presentation skills were very good, their way of talking was very clear and at a good pace.
I began the course with an interest in bugs but I had no idea just how fascinating they are. I can't pick any one module as my favourite since they were all well presented and really helped build on the course as a whole. I've never been a great student but the material and presentation made me excited to dive in. Special thanks to all of the instructors and experts interviews.
Great course, very nice speakers. I missed a bit to hear about the amazing work and contribution of ants in society and environment, but that is just because I am working with ants myself, so I may be a little biased ^^ Though, it way very great to learn more about other insects and some that I do not usually hear about. Thank you for the course, University of Alberta.
I loved this course!  I found the modules, instructors, and guests informative, fascinating, and fun. And, I love insects even more after completing this course. It took me awhile to finish due to other obligations, but, I'm so glad I persevered.I can use this knowledge in nature courses and outings I offer as well as in insect photography, which is a passion of mine.
Excellent course
for beginners!!! It is a well-planned 13 weeks of information, with plenty of
visual aids and up to date topics. I particularly enjoyed the interviews of professionals
employed in different areas of entomology. To my surprise the week of “insects
in human culture” was my favorite, with amazing myths  and stories about insects
and human begins.
Informative and engaging! Entomology is a hobby for me. Sadly there's not much interest about bugs in my area. I bought several books on the subject but found some of the terms to be too hard to understand. Being able to have instructors who can explain these terms and concepts is amazing! Thanks for making this course available for people like me!
It's very for the beginners and notes of each module is very good and give all types of information. Even in each notes there are some interesting facts which make more interesting. Instructor and other members are very good. Through this course learned many things and it created a different view toward insects or basically arthropods.
I've always been fascinated by "bugs," so when I saw this course was available, I immediately knew I wanted to take it.  There's a lot of neat information and I like how this course was put together.  I hope it does help to give people a better perspective of insects!  They are so beneficial and honestly, such cool little creatures!
I was very satisfied with the content and how this course was carried out.
A complete course, well structured and the most important thing carried out by true professionals who achieved what they were looking for: that we could all learn about this wonderful universe that insects represent in our daily lives and in the environment.
OUTSTANDING So well put together, subject mattered varied but forming foundation of Entomology. I enjoyed the variety of instructors and it was a good mix. Some of the interviews were mehh and a few questions were a bit tricky only because I did not read carefully and select two instead of three or something along those tracks.
Bugs 101 is well organized, well presented and engaging. I learned a great deal about insects, their physiology, morphology, adaptations, conservation and uses. I enjoyed each of the presenters, including those who work in different insect related fields. Thank you to everyone who put this course together. I may take it again.
Excellent course, I enjoyed every part of it and learned a lot. The videos and illustrations are of very good quality. Everyone can take this course because all biological concepts are explained very clearly. Personally I really liked the interviews with professionals and the beautiful pictures used to illustrate the course.
I have followed quite a few courses in Coursera offered by University of Alberta. They were all good. This one is at the same level. Lessons are well prepared. Instructors are good and easy. Topics are various. I learned a lot about insects and, as a biologist, this is not a minor accomplishment for a course like this.
this is a wonderful course because it shows all aspects of arthropods. I came out of this class with so much more knowledge then I ever could've dreamed of. it shows you what to do to control bugs yet also how beneficial they are. I will always love insects, but this class made me love them more. thank you, Coursera!
This is an awesome course which examines the world of insects where it intersects with humans.  I never thought that I would learn so much material that could be useful in my daily activities as a Master Gardner, especially about insect reproduction and IPM.  Thanks so much to the instructors and to U of Alberta.
This course was extremely thorough.  It covered so many aspects, some I was aware of, but most I wasn't.  I really learned a lot and enjoyed it quite a bit.  The instructors and special guest experts were very easy to understand and gave valuable information.   Very thankful that it was available in this format.
Thanks so much for an outstanding class about insects and their valuable contribution to our well-being.  All of the professors and guest speakers were outstanding, and genuinely made learning entomology fun.  I really appreciate the great time and effort that went into making and presenting this class.
Great course, with very good lecturers. managed to compile so much information and keep it interesting and focused. the course is very well structured and allow to advance at our own pace. Really well done. it would be great if there are some more specific follow up courses and a bit more on arachnids.
Excellent!!! Glad i took this course. The subject was taught slowy and all four of the tutors made themeselves very interesting to listen to.  Subject was quite expansive but really worth it. Could have gone little bit more into the different species as well.  Appreciate the effort of the whole team.
Thank you so much I am an aspiring entomologist (although only 13) and was finding difficulty discovering a course about insects that fit my age group as I am very passionate I had to wildly jump around things and self teach myself and it was really nice to be guided and learn a lot of new things!
Excellent course! I really enjoyed the lay out of the material and the freedom to complete each module through out  an entire week. Makes it enjoyable and practical for anyone working while taking this course. The information was educational and up to date. Good Job delivering this course.
I was hoping to develop a understanding of the little creepie crawlies and gain some appreciation for them which I did - still not a huge fan yet more gratefull we have them. A very insightful course and nicely spread out not overwhelming to digest. Thanks to those involved. very well done
Excellent and in-depth summary of the many ways in which insects impact our daily lives. I found the portion of their effects on crop management both as pests and biological controls particularly exciting! Highly recommend to anyone with an interest in expanding their knowledge base.
Although I've always rather liked bugs, after having taken BUGS 101, I have a much deeper appreciation for the value of insects in my daily life and for the importance of insect life in the entire ecosystem.The course was well-organized, well-presented, and absolutely valuable.
Thank you for this wonderful and informative course, I've learned a lot and i still am willing to learn more. Thanks to this course, now I'm more curious about what creeps and crawls around me and what benefits or harms it can cause and how I can manage them... Thank you....
This course was amazing! I recommend it to people with some background in biology. You do not just learn the benefits of insects and other arthropods. You learn how to preserve these tiny wonders. What you do not see or barely see in the wild, effects your life every day.
Very informative and interesting. I liked the topics from what bugs are, to how they are managed, and then cultural aspects. It is giving me a new way to look at what is in my backyard, where if I need to do a little pest management, I don’t need to use strong pesticides.
Thank you so much for such an informative and fascinatingly awesome course! I've learned so much and gained an even bigger appreciation for these amazing creatures! I would highly recommend this course to everyone, from beginners to professionals working in conservation.
I totally enjoyed this course! It was a great experience! All the instructors had done a great job and everything was understandable and clear. I learned a lot of new things and I am very happy that I had the opportunity to obtain this knowledge! Thank you very much!
It's a great course for anyone who loves insects, and my gosh must I say that the prepared summary slides for each chapter is AMAZING! I am an environmental science uni student at James Cook University, and the quality of our slides do NOT even come close to these!
It was an amazing course. I want to do it again, jeje. The information that you have is of excellent quality. I would like to do my master's degree at Alberta University with all of you. The interviews are great. Congratulations for an amazing and wonderful course.
A very interesting course. It really opened my eyes to the fascinating world of insects and our interactions with them.  The myriad adaptations that insects have made is mind boggling. Another very well done course from the University of Alberta! Thanks Coursera!
Fantastic course. Very engaging and well taught in general. This course really utilizes Coursera and online learning to an incredible degree that left me wanting more! Had a great time learning and would take another course offered by this team in a heartbeat.
This is an amazing course that has provided me with knowledge about insects from multiple perspectives and multiple stakeholders working in this space. It has triggered my interest to learn more about these interesting creatures through observation in nature.
AmazingI really loved this course, easy to understand and awesome video-lectures. It was my second course with this university and I will definitely do more courses with them.If you love insects, both like an enthusiast or an expert, this course is a must do.
Exceptionally good course for everybody. You may like insects or hate them, but you must take the course. It is also very useful for Zoology majors and those Zoology Ph.D., who have a passion for entomology but never got the chance to invest in the subject!
This was an excellent course. I was fascinated by so many aspects of the lessons, and learned a great deal about insect life, and the relationship between humans and insects. I really appreciated the obvious fascination that the lecturers have for insects.
I used to lack the knowledge of insects more than any other animal groups, but with this couse, insects have a different and more important role in my knowlegde. It made me know and respect the largest (in species) and The smallest (on size) on Earth.
Well-planned course that covers in-depth topics & content related to entomology. Instructors can explain well. The course provider even goes extra miles with interviews, ILOs, supplementary readings to help learners understand the subject better.
Phenomenal course, full of fascinating and real-world, practical knowledge about the stunning variety of insects and the roles they play within the plant and animal kingdoms -- affecting nearly every aspect of the human world. Highly recommended!
It was a phenomenal experience to learn so much about the little creatures that seem so insignificant, yet play great ecological roles. The study materials, tutorials and tutors were amazing. There was a lot to learn and the journey was exciting.
Exceptional course containing detailed information about various insects and their impact to human life and society. Will highly recommend to anyone willing to learn a bit more about average and unusual insects as well as to insect lovers.
I enjoyed this course. I learned a lot and it was both interesting and informative. Thanks for all the effort put into the course to make it interesting. I will never look at bugs the same way again. I certainly appreciate them much more.
Thank you very much. What an interesting course!  Good teachers and nice interviews. A lot of beautiful photo's. Insects are nearly everywhere in the world. They are very important for our ecosystems.My favorite is the Humble Bee.
The amount of topics covered and the simple way they are presented without watering the science is impressive. I learned many new things and the course have me interesting in obtaining more details. I hope the is a Bugs 102 soon.
This course was extremely well done!! The instructors are amazing and the content was very interesting. The interviews were an lovely treat as well. I have a much greater understanding and appreciation for bugs now. Thank you!!
This was really a good course. Interesting and well structured. I studied Ento in 1985 before, shifting to agronomy. This was a good refresher and I was surprised how well this course was compiled. I will give you guys 10/10.
This course gave a fulfilling insight into the world of insects and insect related research which is easier to understand even by layman.  The love towards insects shown by the instructors towards the insects was heart felt.
This course is so great! The instructors are really enthusiastic about the topic and provide so many examples and photographs. I really love how they interview people from different fields and transform opinions on insects.
Even after my BSc and MSc in Biology, I learned some new things! I really enjoyed the depth of information and the clear and easy to understand explanation.I'm going to incorporate this in my high school teaching very soon!
Wonderful course on insects. Organized content and beautiful teaching.  Learnt a lot about insects from the basics to how they influence our ecosystem and many more important roles of insects which I had not known earlier.
More intrusting and useful to the budding entomologist. I thank to the entire team for offering the wonderful course during this pandemic period and I request the University of Alberta similar courses offer in the future.
I was very impressed with this course, the material was selected and presented in a way that allowed a beginner like me to both learn new things and become thoroughly fascinated with the world of entomology. Thank you!
loved it!  in depth and informative i felt like i got to know the instructors on a personal level and enjoyed the regiment of learning. i would highly recommend to any one with even a passing interest in entomology.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. Not only was the quality of tuition fantastic, the presenters are obviously passionate about insects, and this conveys to the learner, making the experience even better. Thank you!!
I really think this course will be useful in my future aspiration of being a zoologist.the tutors were really nice . and I know much more about bugs than beforethough I would want the tutors to smile more often :)
This course is very interesting, and it goes through most of the topics from the structure of insects to entomophagy.  Other than that, the interviews are very informative. I learned many things from this course.
Very interesting and useful course to anyone who is interested in entomology. They have explained everything in understanding and simple manner. Anyone out from this field ca also easily understand this course.
Brilliant course. Well put together, with loads of information crammed in, but in an easily digestible and engaging format. Would recommend to anyone interested in insects, or wanting to learn more about them.
Excellent Presentation in video clips & reading materials. Never will I have a chance to learn all  about insects if I have not gone through a formal course in a university. A real bonus. Thank you so much
It's an amazing course !! I learned so much about insects ! All was perfect for me : organisation, quality (pictures, videos, etc.), teacher and other intervenants. Thank's a lot for this very nice mooc !
the course was very informative and i enjoyed learning more about insects! The instructors are amazing in their way of explanation and every module wrap up was truly an inspiration to go to next module!
Very interesting and specially the anchors of this course are very enthusiastic and encouraging throughout the course so my focus is maintain for bugs and surly I will search more on insects further.
Excellent course. Well documented and articulated. Excellent work putting this course together. I have enjoyed all the videos and text material and learned a lot of new things about the insect world.
Best instructor and teaching assistants. they start from very based and  and slowly increase the difficulty of topics. i used to love buys ,after doing this course now i love bugs more the before.
Superb course , loved it great speakers made all information interesting and easily understood. Great work University of Alberta . These courses are for everybody with any interest what so ever.
I have thoroughly enjoyed learning about these fascinating creatures. I now have thirst for more and will continue learning about insects (not sure where yet). Thank you University of Alberta.
At first I was just very curious about the little bugs, but with this course I discovered many aspects of the insects and other arthropods and they are really fascinating. Thank you very much!
excelllent course, with some fantastic and interesting facts about bugs and their importance within society. well worth the time and effort to complete the course if this is your interest.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and felt that it was really well executed.  I would consider taking other courses.  The lecturers were knowledgeable and articulate.  Excellent--Thank you
This was an amazing course, it was very educational. One of the few entomology courses that knows what it is doing! The videos were great, and the quizzes made sense. I highly reccomend
It is an interesting course and learned a lot about the insects and their interaction. I recommend for other students to take this class and it is really helpful to know about insects.
Awesome team had done an excelLent work; much info and a lot of knoledge about many aspect of insect's ecology and biology.I REALLY LOVE THIS CURSE AND CANADA.Thanks you all so much.F.
Fantastic! Very insightful and engaging course. I highly recommend it would be a useful course for anyone in any given field or with little to no knowledge of arthropods and insects.
Fantastic course full of interesting and useful information that is presented in a structured and clear way. A big thank you to the course presenters and plethora of guest experts.
Lovely course, like other natural science courses from the University of Alberta that I took (mainly, their series on dinosaurs). I took Insects 101 just for fun and it was fun!
Absolutely wonderful course! The quality of resources and instruction were excellent. Difficult and technical topics were relayed in a very accessible way. Loved it! Thank you.
Thank you very much to all who made this incredible course possible. As a insect loving biologist, enjoy it. Totally recommended. THANKS A LOT!. Greetings from Honduras.
I learned so much from this class. Most importantly, I appreciated the faculty that would answer my questions in the forum, it made me feel more connected to the course.
Wonderful introduction to the whole insect world, with a particular emphasis on their ecological importance and contributions to life on the planet. Highly recommended!
This course was so fun to go through! I learned a lot about insects and have many new facts to share with my family and friends. So glad this course was made available!
Really recommend this course to those who are not major entomology, this course will provide some basic knowledge of insect, give some latest news and research papers.
I learned a lot in this class! It was both interesting and disgusting! It was also enjoyable in that the instructors were engaging and seemed to be true insect lovers.
Clearly presented, helpful video and text, interesting and a good combination of topics covered.  My favorite modules were 12 - IPM and 13 - Literature and culture.
I loved this course.  Seriously.  It was delivered in a challenging and engaging way.  My thanks to the team for their efforts in making entomology so accessible.
Amazing, I surely recommend to have this course. It gives an insight into the insect world which we normally don't recognize.  I felt happy to learn entomology.
I enjoyed it and learned a lot. The way the course was mainly illustrated by insects from another area to the one I live in seemed to make the ideas stand out.
Loved this course from beginning to end! I learned so much and really appreciate the dedication and professionalism of all the instructors and guest lecturers.
I have found this course very useful and important. The course was structured very well with additional readings and videos. The instructors were really cool.
Great course! Learned so much and the videos really helped me absorb the info. Lots of learned representatives and an overall positive perspective of insects.
I work as an entomologist but have a background in botany. This course was awesome. Informative and entertaining. All of the instructors did a fantastic job.
This curriculum provided me a lot of knowledge that I never found systematically in books or websites. All in all, this  gives me a greater scope on insects.
I found it very nice. I have a PhD in entomology, and I still learned a lot.I hope this team offer more courses on specific topics related with entomology.
I have a much deeper appreciation of insects now. A more thorough understanding of their classifications, body systems, and functions within society.
This very a interesting and fun-filled course. You will learn so much and appreciate insects better. I also discovered a lot of research potentials.
I have always been interested in insects, and this course brought my level of knowledge up greatly. Very enjoyable, looked forward to each lesson.
MY Mom got me this course because i live in rural Canada and really enjoy insects, and i now know more then i ever hope to know Thanks Bugs 101!
It was a very interesting course.  I learned far more about insects than I thought I would.  I am finding them more fascinating than scary now.
This course was so fascinating. I have a new appreciation for insects and just how important they are to the health of our planet - and to us!
Interesting and Informative. Always wanted to become an Entomologist and learn more about insects and this course has helped me learn a lot.
This a very interesting course, aimed at young people, and covers all the basics.  Having taken this course will help me teach my kids,
Lovely well balance course. Tutors enthusiasm was infectious. This has inspired me to to do further reading and training in this area.
This course will help to graduates, postgraduates students as well researcher to understand the concept on various fact of entomology.
Very good! It was very easy to understand and taught me a lot. Thank you to the University of Alberta for making this amazing course!
Phenomenal course for anyone interested in Entomology. Kept me busy and interested during quarantine and sad that I have finished.
Fabulous introductory course. Engaging instructors, beautiful images and a broad range of topics to give an overview of entymology
Excellent units!! Lots of great information and all the instructors were enthusiastic and easy to listen to. Very well done folks!
The real magic of nature and the knowledge about what humanity should take care of. Amazing. No words. Thank you for this course.
Thank you for opening the door to a whole new fascinating, beautiful, and awe-inspiring world!  I didn't want the course to end.
It's a such good course. I learned a lot of insects, their interaction with humans, ecosystems e all that involves this world.
I enjoyed the course very much.  I keep honey bees but learned a lot about insects in general.  Thank you to the instructors.
I highly recommend taking this course!! I have gained a greater appreciation for IPM measures used within the crop industry.
Very interesting class, bringing an in-depth view of the world of insects and the impact they can have in our daily lives.
Really great course! Really interactive and well done and it taught me a lot about insects! I would definitely recommend.
I enjoyed this course. There was so much to learn and appreciate of our small friends and some that were not so friendly.
Most beneficial online course i ever attend during this lock down time..it is more interesting and informative at a time
I have really enjoyed this course, not only the contents were great, but people giving the lectures were amazing! Thanks
Really enjoyed this course. The information provided was always very interesting and I have learned a lot about insects.
I think insects are really cool and I want to try Entomophagy some day. Thanks Bugs 101 insect-human interactions team.
This was a great course that I learned a lot more about bugs! Thank you for the free course, it is much appreciated.
Loved the instructors and how nicely the presentation was put together.  This has been my favorite Coursera course!!
Perfect course for introduction to bugs. Great instructors and such a wide range of topics covered. Thanks so much.
This course was wonderful. I greatly appreciate the opportunity to be able to learn more and more about insects.
the teaching and student community did an amazing job at expanding my knowledge and appreciation for insects
Great course! Please do another focussing on invertebrate classification. Thanks for your excellent efforts!
What a great course! Very informative and interesting. Thank you for making it available!Blaine Stockwell
An excellent course that opens ones eyes to the vital nature of insects in relation to human existence.
It was an excellent course! I would highly recommend this to anyone with an interest in entomology
U of A really dedicated their time and effort to create this excellent on-line course. Thanks!
Best course I've ever taken on entomology!  Amazing professors and delivery of information.
It was an excellent course and everyone who interested in insects, should take this course
I am from Argentina and I found this course incredibly complete and clear. Thanks a lot!!
Very informative and easy to understand. Recommended for people starting in entomology!
one of the most challenged and fruitful courses. i have earned a lot of new information
Learned so much more than I expected to! Would highly recommend this course to others.
What a wonderful, free online course! So much information and really well structured!
It is very informative course. I really enjoy this take and teaching team is awesome.
I learned so much from this course. It was incredibly thorough and very interesting.
Well made course, kudos to the quality work and entomologists who made this course.
Accessible and interesting. Increased my knowledge of and enthusiasm for insects.
Both the material taught and the way of presenting the contents are outstanding.
Exceptionally  crafted course. I am in love with theses professors and mentors.
Informative, entertaining and not overwhelming. Exactly what I was looking for.
Thank you very much for this class on the huge Insect world that surrounds us
What a great course.  This was very well presented and I greatly enjoyed it.
Great course!  Well laid out and presented with a good depth of the subject.
Absolutely loved it, will review all the material again whenever I can :)
This course really helped me in my job as an Environmental Health Officer
Thank you so much for this wonderful experience and amazing opportunity!
Very professionally constructed and thoroughly enjoyable and insightful!
The vedio as well as the lecture notes are awesome.Thankyou all .......
A good course providing a broad overview of many topics in entomology.
so thorough and informative. I don't ever want to squish a bug again!
A great introductory course to insects and the world of Entomology!
The resource and course material of the class are great. I love it.
A study which is highly enjoyable and useful for professionals
A really awesome course, with lots of beneficial information!
Overall a great course. Would, and have, recommend to others.
it is an excellent course, that all the people need to take
Informative and fun. Good class for someone starting out.
thank you all my great doctors about this amazing journey
It has amazing graphics and beautiful images. Thank you!
Enjoyable and informative course. Looks great on my CV
This was a very fun course and I have learned so much!
Very good course for learning about basics about bugs.
If you are interested in insects this is your course.
Absolutely fantastic course.  I enjoyed every moment.
Great introductory course for budding entomologist.
this was the most fun thing i have done in 30 years
Interesting, varied and incredibly well delivered!
best course to learn about entomology and insects.
This class has been very enjoyable so far. Thanks.
Very informative course. Covers all about insects
this course was very helpful thank you very much
amazing and engaging course!  I learned so much!
This course is interesting and related my field
Excellent course. Good content, well presented.
It was a very helpful and knowledgeable course
educational and helps expand my knowledge more
Excellent and comprehensive course on insects.
very, very high quality and incredible course
Amazing course...learned a lot of new things.
A nice overview. Engaging. Useful interviews.
Very informational and great guest speakers!
Awesome course overall and very interesting!
Lots of great info about our insect friends!
Absolutely fantastic course. Well worth it!
I enjoyed this course very much. thank you
Fun and informative... ready for Bugs 102!
A very interesting course. Many thanks.
Fascinating and taught at a high level.
Very high quality for an open course !
A most useful and interesting course!
Very nice course. Extremely helpful.
Enjoyed !!! Learned so much !!!!!
informative, interesting and fun
A fun and instructive overview!
Absolutely brilliant course!
Awesome cool course! Thanks!
Great course! Loved it!!!
Absolutely brilliant...
Thanks isn't enough ..
Very awesome course!
Really helpfull ...
the greatest
