It is a fascinating subject, that's why I listened, however,

The young lady giving the lectures to be polite should have a desk job. Very poor public speaker with nervous hand gestures, monotone delivery,hard swallowing. What is an interesting subject matter becomes insufferable. That said, perhaps the use of charts listing types, locations and ancestry, specific features, etc. would help keep track of a vast subject matter, alas, now more of a jumble  than I had anticipated. Also, please eliminate a good many of the intra-lecture pop quizzes, unless your target audience is 8th and 9th graders. Unnecessarily simplistic, bordering on insulting. The week end tests are well thought out, thought provoking.
Great that it's free, and while it does give a lot of interesting information it is pretty low-level for a college level course. It is very much an introduction to dinosaurs (and some other related topics). Would love to see expanded course offerings.
Good for beginners, but as good as I could've been. the facts used in this are like from 2014. I would benefit from using more up to date facts, could've also focused more on some non-dinosaurian animals.
An awesome course..enjoyed very much..Thank you coursera
The course is very nice for beginners, and there was a great deal of investment in it. The direct observation in real fossils (both in the video and in the 3D fossil viewer) was very beneficial. The presenter was graceful and the lecture notes were good. However, for people with more than basic knowledge in dinosaurs the course is not enough and doesn't offer much new information. This course has the pontential to be expanded and elaborated by adding lessons with more profound survey of all the dinosaurs groups, their anatomical features and their ecology niche (e.g. considering 15-mins video of each major clade, such as theropods, coelosaurs, sauropodomorph, ornithopods, thyreophorans and marginocephalians). Overall the course was fun.
This course is great for anyone who wants a simple introduction to dinosaurs. The content covered is relatively simple and can be easily understood when you read the notes and watch the videos. However, I have a few suggestions for improvement. For the in-video quizzes, it would be good to add the images in the question itself as this would make it easier for us to reference them. Additionally, some of the links in the notes do not work and the fossil viewer only works occasionally (Although this might be a problem with my own laptop). Other than these minor problems, this course will be an enriching experience for anyone who embarks on it!
After completing this course, I still find it very interesting that the presenters and the chief paleontologist believe that the earth and her inhabitants are millions of years old.  It's a bunch of nonsense.  Especially the fact that evolution is a a theory and not scientific fact.  Darwin refuted his own theory while on his death bed.  Read is bibliography.  Anyways, aside from the false science of evolution presented in this course, it was informative to a degree, a bit humorous, based on the assumption that birds came from dinosaurs (really?), and somewhat fulfilling.  As a Christian who believes in biblical science which supports a young earth, I wold like to see both sides of evolution and creationism presented in future courses for this particular topic.
Well made course, very interesting. Besides giving an insight on what is known about dinosaurs, the way the knowledge is reached is also described. The material is really good overall, the videos as well as the reading. A lot of practical examples are shown, such as fossils.I followed the entire course using x2 speed on the videos. The fossil viewer did not work for me. Besides, the last few weeks of content seemed less interesting, I think it might be due to a lack of variation throughout the course. Overall, the course was really nice. I enjoyed learning more about my childhood fascination and recommended the course to two acquaintances.
Really enjoyed this course. It gave me a deeper insight into theories and characteristics surrounding dinosaurs and their existence, and at the same time, told me a great deal of new things about their classification, characteristics and evolutionary context. I liked the clarity with which facts were presented and the stress that was applied on the idea of hypotheses and their acceptance/rejection. It inspired me to think more scientifically about the world around us.
The course material is interesting for amateurs who wants to have a better understanding of dinosaurs and the videos are well done and interesting.However, at times I found the course notes to be written poorly (with repetitive, over-simplified language and some mistakes here and there) and the forums looks somewhat empty to me.Thank you for the effort, I hope the course gets updated with new material i time!
Really 4 1/5 to 5 stars. The loss of stars is because of technological  problems, notably the fossil viewer and geologic time viewers never worked no matter what device I used. I also think the latter chapters would have been better first. But the course itself is amazing and I plan to take all of Alberta's paleontology courses. Thank you so much for the course.
There's an enormous amount of information to take in during this course. It's very well presented although a number of links and the fossil viewers are non-functioning which was a disappointment. However I enjoyed the challenges and have a much better understanding of dinosaurs and the prehistoric world. Glad I signed on and stuck it through to the end.
Really well made course that truly expands your knowledge on the subject. My only issue with it was that there were a lot of errors in the lessons in terms of typos and editing and booking exams was difficult because there didn't seem to be communication between people who run the course and the LAC because there weren't enough seats to book exams.
Good overview, unfortunately dated.A great overview of paleobiology hosted by world famous Phil Currie, marred by broken links in the course readings. The course material is anywhere from 6-8 years old, in general, and paleobiology has been moving fast in the last decade, so some of the information is obsolete at this point. Recommended, overall.
I really enjoyed the course. There were no current participants in the forums, but I read them all and learned a bit from those, too. I especially liked Betsy's presentation and hope she gets a raise for her good work.  This course is obviously a broad overview and a great place to begin for anyone interested in this line of study.
Great explanations and fun classes, excellent drawings and visualizations, but I did find this course a bit one-sided. You could improve it by spending some time discussing the evidences against millions of years, and the evidences of people living contemporary with dinosaurs.
There are a few mistakes here and there, and a few things need to be updated, but overall, the course is really good for a beginners level in Paleobiology. It was well explained, the diagrams and quizes were helpful and the resources complemented the course well.
Over all this course was great and i learned a lot! One thing i wasn't happy with, was the fossil viewer stopped working after maybe the 3rd or 4th interaction. Every time i would try and look at it a blue page would come up  and none of it worked.
Over all  a good course. Some of the quiz questions could be rewritten for clarity. The section on Diversity should be its own module, not just tacked onto the paleo-geography module. Otherwise a fun course that does a good job keeping you engaged.
I have learned a lot! If I'm honest, I didn't watch the videos as I found some of the lecturers difficult to watch (repetitive motions, speech too slow, patronising tones etc.). Otherwise an awesome, interactive and informative course. Thank you!
The fossil viewer did not work even once in the whole course, despite complaining. Another thing is that you should appreciate the work of students by providing free certificate when you made the course free.
if your dinosaur fan you probably know much of this stuff it gets some stuff wrong like trilobites being fully extinct and stuff like that. i suggest this program to all ages who wan't to be a paleontologist
Overall very good course laid in a easily digestible manner. Would enjoy a bit more quizzes or interact-able diagrams to better ingrain the learned concepts. Thanks for making the course! Time well spent.
The course is very good, but the certificate sucks. I paid 64 dollars, and do not include the main information such as the number of hours invested in the course and the history (programmatic content).
I thought this course had a lot of interesting information and I learned a lot from it. Some of the material was  little to complicated for me to understand when I went over it the first time.
It was very interresting and I learned many things, but I think you could use of more pictures in the PDF of the courses... (maps, phylogeny, drawing of bones ...) Thank you for all ;)
On the last quiz of the class, it said all of the answers were wrong. There was no right answer but there wasnt an option to put that! Otherwise, great class:)
It was fun! The questions in the middle of the video were good to maintain attention, although a few of them seemed out of place. Over all a good experience.
Very interesting course, sometimes there was too much information but it proved that this course is complete and from very clever sources.
Most of the question segments in between the video did not show the images that were shown, making it difficult to answer some of them
The first part is far more interesting than the second one. A good MOOC, not too hard, but still serious and full of notions.
Super informative I loved learning about the dinosaurs, however the delivery of the content was sometimes dry and boring
The videos are entertaining but if the pdf is read through, its simple enough to take and pass the quiz.
very fun, informative and interesting. definitely recommend to any one interested in dinosaurs
Easy to follow and complete -- which there were reminders as to when things were due
Very interesting with excellent instructional videos at a relaxing pace
Basic, but well explained for beginners, solid knowledge afterwards
Engaging intro course with superb visuals and virtual specimens.
Pretty good, but the video quality wasn't too great.
Very difficult, so much nomenclature to remember.
Interesting and informative.  Glad I took it.
This was very informative and enjoyable
Very good course with lots of detail.
I liked the course ❤️ Thanks
really entertaining course
This was fun!
This course (and the other Paleontology Offerings) have given me a new interest in the subject. Thank you, University of Alberta for providing so much information in such an interesting format.
Interesting course, a excellent way to teach this world to far countries where the science education has any fails, an appropriate introduction to paleontology world, thanks to every instructors, especially Dr. Philip Currie and Betsy Kruk. a hug from Colombia.
Thank you for this excellent course! I really enjoyed the short videos, the concise notes, and quick quizzes (both at the end of each lesson, as well as the main point quizzes throughout the videos).
An amazing and thorough course! As a biologist I was fascinated to learn more about this topic because we didn't spend much time going over it during our Vertebrate Zoology course. You can clearly see the amount of work that went into this course and I'm very thankful for every teacher. Of course, a huge thanks to Betsy Kruk for the massive narration! I will definitely recommend this course to all of my friends. I can't even describe how much I've learned from it: from the origin of dinosaurs and their extinction to stratigraphy and anatomy.
The instructors' explanation are very clear and easy to understand. Would definitely recommend this to anyone who is interested in Paleontology or dinosaurs in general. I really had fun learning.
I enjoyed this course and I thought it was very well presented.  Also, there was a lot of interesting material in the course, and put into a good sequence for learning, I thought.  The videos and drawings in the course are enjoyable, and make the course much more user-friendly than it would have been otherwise.  If I had one change to make it would be that sometimes when there's a mini-quiz during a video, it would be nice for there to be a slightly longer pause with the drawings before the answer submission page pops up.  This helps a person actually look at the drawings along with the words, while thinking about what the answer would be.  Of course you can just pause the video if needed, and this is what I did after I figured this out.  I don't know if everyone would have appreciated a slightly longer pause as I mentioned, or if that was just me.  Anyways, thank you for offering this online course!  I know way more about dinosaurs, how they evolved and lived than I did before. Oh just one more note about the educational technology - I thought it was cool to look at fossils with the 3-D fossil-viewer that could be manipulated!  I somewhat liked what was done with the geologic time scale in the interactive version, but I was also glad that I had already gone to the earlier link to see the geologic time scale listed in a chart format, as this was easier if you were looking for something in particular or just wanted to read through it, even though the interactive version was more pleasant to sit and have presented to you.  Again, though, I wouldn't assume everyone is the same as me in this.
A wonderful course for beginners to learn about dinosaurs from how they began, lived, evolved and went down in the end as one of the most successful group of creatures ever to live on the planet
The (near)
Perfect Course for me. Uptill now I was
not especially interested in Dinosaurs, but as amateur Palaeontologist I was
looking for a Course Palaeontology that suits my special interest: Pleistocene
Mammals.But this Course
Dinosaurs Palaeobiology offers so much more than Dinosaurs and many of the toppics
are useful for other species too, such as:Death and
Fossilisation; Eating; Moving around; Birth, Growth and Reproduction; Attack
and Defence; What is a Species; Evolution; Stratigraphy and Geologic Times and Paleogeography
and Plate Tectonics. I have studied
the Lessons with great pleasure and I learned a lot thanks to the clear
explanations of Dr. Philip Currie and Mrs Betsy Kruk. The Course is very well composed
with PDF for reading, Video for watching and interactive media for doing exercises.
The quiz at the end of each lesson was also good and easy to answer after
studying the lesson and handles more about understanding the content than
reproduce endless lists of difficult names.Now I am
studying the last 2 chapters and I can say that I have learnt a lot, thanks to Dr. Currie and Mrs Kruk and I am looking forward already for other Courses of
the University of Alberta. Probably Early Vertebrate Evolution will be next and
Marine Vertebrates after that.
I enjoyed this MOOC very much!! I've always loved dinosaurs since I was a kid and this a great opportunnity to keep up with our current knowledge on them. The only thing I had problems with was the Fossil Viewer Tool, which wans't working fr me and I don't know why. But aside that, congratulations to everyone involved in this course, love you guys!!
This was honestly incrediable. So much fun, fully engaging, amazingly interesting. I've been a prehistoric life here all my life but I've learned so much that I'm kinda sad it's over already
Thank you so much to everyone! I'll remember this awesome course for the rest of my life. Your teaching has a huge importance in my life now. I will always recommend you guys! See you!
Great for those childhood kids who absolutely loved dinosaurs.
Great class! The first six weeks are a little bit too introductory (maybe more high school level than college level) but the instructors try to teach scientific reasoning at the same time and therefore it's not dull. The next six weeks are great. The use of the media is very good with pictures, drawings, a 3D fossil viewer, and some videos on fossil sites. Course notes are provided for each lessons (they are very well done). The presenter,  a master student at the time if I am not mistaken, is great, though she is very surprisingly not credited on the course website, which is a shame. The course leader is great and inspiring and the grad' students who took in charge some of the sessions did a very good job at it.The weak spot of the course are the in-video quizzes. Sometimes the presenter says to check all that apply and it's not possible, sometimes the questions are asked before the topic is covered and we are therefore asked to guess, sometimes the questions admit of several interpretations and even, in some instances, the interpretation given by the instructor doesn't sound right, which suggests that the question was poorly phrased.
What a brilliant introduction to Paleobiology!I am a recent University graduate with a Masters in Mechanical Engineering and graduated during the COVID-19 pandemic. I wanted to take the time while a viable career search was on hold to do things that I would not have otherwise had the chance to do. This included studying topics that I have long had an interest in but my academic career steered me away from.I had never taken a biology course throughout my school years, so the lessons on anatomy were the most challenging for me, but the course was taught in such a way that it was easy to follow and both encouraged and suggested further research into things which were not second nature. The interactive questions during the lectures are a great continuous assessment and all answers are explained after you have completed them - which many other courses do not do!Many thanks to Betsy Kruk, Dr. Currie and the other guest lecturers for an informative and fun course!
Very interesting and well-set up course. In 12 lessons, you get a good overview of dinosaur paleobiology and the events that occurred around the globe, through which their evolution was influenced. With good quality video's, many fossil examples, in-video exercises and quizzes, the level is never too high to demotivate. Sometimes, the content could be a bit more challenging. However, this should only stimulate you to look for further information yourself. The lesson pdf's seemed a little redundant to me at first, as the video's basically provide you with the same information. After the first two lessons, I stopped reading the lesson plans beforehand. However, I think they are very useful upon completion of the course, to re-read and revisit the materials, to get a good picture.  The presenters, Betsy and Phil, have done a terrific job in engaging their audience and increasing their interest in this field. Thank you!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and was glad that I chose to do this. As a boy I was enthralled about dinosaurs, spent hours reading over dinosaur books, drawing their skeletons and wanted to be a dinosaur paleontologist when I grew up. I was a massive fan of Jurassic Park and beleived that one day we would be living in some kind of Dinotopia. Well, life turned out very differently however but when seeing this course available, it rekindled that nostalgia and excitement so I signed up. Its been a great course, it taught me things I never knew or simply forgotten. I got through it far quicker than the 12 weeks despite currently studying and working full-time, just because I enjoyed it so much. Thank you all for sharing this to people and if you ever need a hand digging bones or attempting to resurrect a dinosaur feel free to contact me, i'd quit my job in a heartbeat.
This class does EVERYTHING right!  I am a course designer (the world is full of junk courses, including from Princeton, shudder) and I love, love, love this entire sequence, but especially this course.  The flow is logical, the questions in the video ask you to think but aren't too far (they are scaffolded) away from what we might know or guess, the final questions are fair.  And you don't use 5 new tech terms in the same sentence; you let us absorb the new info at the rate that the human brain can actually learn. I learned a few things just by watching you.  A lot of credit to Dr. Currie for some of this: he uses the terms that need to be used, and plain English for common things like "river" (another class' Waterloo).  Bravo to the gents and brava to the wonderful presenter.  I just wish you had the budget for another 15 classes.... sigh.
It was well explained and I learned many things. But as someone who learns easily through drawing, I feel like it would have been better with more graphs or pictures. For instance, as a non-english speaker when talking about which dinosaurs lived at which periods, their evolution over time, which dinosaurs replace which one in the niche and differences between gondwana and Laurasia, it was not easy to follow everything without something graphic. Also, I would have like to learn about synapsid/diapsid and evolution earlier to better understand the difference between dinosaurs and other animals like reptiles. I know it was explained at the beginning with skull cavities but I only understood at the end when links between synapsid/diapsid were made. Thank you very much for taking the time to shoot these videos!
Thank you. I enrolled in this course during Lockdown as my school is closed and I wanted to learn about Dinosaurs 🦕. I did this course all by myself and whenever my mumma got time, I showed her interesting videos. I liked the 3 D fossil viewer. It was really fun and realistic. I am 10 years old and in Class 4. I completed my quizzes but it was sad to know that when I wanted certificate for the course it said verify you are 13 years or above. When I enrolled I did not knew this as my mumma suggested me this course after knowing my interest in dinosaur 🦖. I am ready to share whatever I have learned in this course if someone wants to verify that. May I request Coursera people to allow me to get my certificate. Please... thank you. - Deeksha Divya Padhmanabhan, class 4, Sunshine Worldwide School, Goa, India
I would like to thank the University of Alberta for such an opportunity to take this amazing course. I really enjoyed every minute of it. Also I would like to express my gratitude to Betsy Kruk for her great explanations and charisma. Thank you very much!
Excellent course. All presentations, either of Betsy Kruky or Dr. Phil Curry were very straightforward. I am a biochemist but my undergraduate field is biology and one of my favourites field of biology is that related with fossil records in particular with all these magnificient animals, the dinosaurs. For a guy with scientific training (as one that is sharing this thoughts) is a pleasure to listen and to read material full of scientific evidence. This aspect makes, to me, a strong, serious and professional way to present this particular course. I want to congratulate all personnel involved in the development of this course, in particular to Betsy and Dr. Curry, and all personnel of University of Alberta. I encourege all of you to see more courses in this field with you guys soon. Congrats!
Excellent cours ! Betsy Kurk is a wonderful teacher. C'est passionnant, d'un high level, the questions in the middle of the course = excellent ! It is the better course I've ever heard on Internet. The first lesson is the hardiest with all the new names, and I had to listen several times some lessons to really get it ; I will miss you ! Je vous adore et je voudrais ne jamais vous quitter ! I hope you will discover more and more pieces of dinosauria in your Alberta Dinosaur Park ! Now I can say to everybody then Jurassic Park is stupid, it I "Cretace Park" in fact ! and I understood that theropod were less interesting that sauropods, solid species of jurassic ! Thank you so much ! Congratulations from and old art and literature blue-haired university professor from Paris, France !
This Very Enjoyable yet informative course has been pitched so that the keen dabbler can learn details about dinosaurs that are usually the secrets of paleontologists and professional fossil hunters, and it would be a good base for learning before moving onto a more specialist dinosaur course! Most adult learners can easily do the work in an hour or two a week, but keen youngsters (12+, I'd estimate)  might find the technical terms a bit challenging, and need a little longer to work through the films and reading. It is very well made and written, and my only quibble is that the assessments are somewhat basic and easy - I'd like something that tested the understanding at a deeper level, but others may not be pleased with that! All in all, an Excellent Educational Experience!
This is my first time trying out an online course and I must say I am extremely impressed with the detail.This had made me even more interested in Dinosaurs now! Firstly a great way to learn about Dinosaurs and palaeontology .This course was brilliantly detailed and extremely engaging. Everyone in the videos were clear and engaging to listen to,the way the information was presented in different locations simply excellent.The video lectures were wonderful with the way they make you think,especially putting questions within the video lectures were  wonderfully done. The notes before hand were also well presented and put together.So thank you Dino 101 team I have really enjoyed Dino 101 and will be looking into your other courses in the future.
I've loved dinosaurs since my childhood. I read books and watch movies or documentaries of these magnificent creatures. Thus, I am often called a 'dinosaur expert' by my peers. I even have a nickname 'Kiantasaurus' as of I myself am a dinosaur.Thanks to this course, at least now I can say "Hey, I have a certificate to proof my loving of dinosaur." However, this course has given much more beyond that. Though short, I've learned a ton of new things that I had never heard or read before joining this course. Also, with the pandemic still running around, for the least, Dino 101 has given one cheerful color in my quarantine story.Thank you Dino 101 Team. Best luck for your future dinosaur research. Best regards from Indonesia,Geraldy Kianta
This course was very educational and got me extremely interested in paleontology. I went in thinking it would just be a fun way to spend my quarantine, but because of this class, I'm considering a career path in paleontology. The class setup was well designed, with lesson notes at the beginning of each module, and then videos after the notes. I liked that this setup allowed me to take notes and then follow along and add new things if something was added in the videos. You can tell that the instructors are passionate about paleontology, but explain everything in a way that makes sense to beginners. I highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to know more about prehistoric life.
Great course, so interesting, I learned so much. It is presented well and helps you to be methodical and taught me to analyse with a new perspective. I find I am now able to understand better the scientific papers that are published.  It is such a shame that it is over, but Intend to continue with my studies. The additional material at the end of each lesson is a great idea which causes you to  research even more. If you have an interest in these fantastic creatures, how they came to be and why they disappeared, apart from the birds of course, then this is the course for you and you don't have to have a degree to complete this course, just an enquiring mind.  S. ATKINS
I thought this was an incredible course to do as it was very well done by the Dino 101 team. I got a lot of joy and pleasure whilst doing this course as i have always had a great interest and fascination with dinosaurs, ever since i watched the 1999 documentary 'Walking with Dinosaurs' and of course 'Jurassic Park. Whilst doing this course i also gained and learned a lot of skills and information, such as the processes of digging up and studying the fossils, along with learning how to distinguish and group fossils from extinct species etc. I also just want to thank the Dino 101 team for making this course as it has been a lot of fun.
Excellent course, easy to navigate ( around the on line course) for an old fuddy duddy  like me; pitched at right level ( even though it is beginner level it wasn’t patronising or overly simplified I felt.), thankyou very much. I’m definitely going to undertake further courses through Coursera and especially at Alberta University-I thought Phillip and Betsy were great-enthusiastic and knowledgable ofcourse and grabbed my attention for the start.On another note I’m struggling to be able to download a certificate ( I only want it for my own personal record) -can you advise please? Diolch yn fawr ( Thanks - in Welsh)
Great course. Great videos and expllanations for beginners.  I have purchased some books on the back of this and have started watching Walking with Dinosaurs DVDs. One small criticism. The questions for the quizzes which often include drawings disappear too quickly for me before you see the options for answers. A very minor quibble. I   will do some of the other dinosaur courses with the University of Alberta. Would also recommend the Great Extinctions course on the Futurelearn website which led me to the Dino 101 course. Thanks |University of Alberta. I have told my friends about this exciting way to learn !
I'm an amateur fossil hunter and paleontology enthusiast.  This was a fun and engaging course.  I only wish it were longer, and I'm looking forward to watching other courses from the U of Alberta paleontology folks.  My 10 yo also watched and enjoyed some sections with me.  That he was able to understand and extrapolate information well enough to critically answer some of the quiz questions speaks to the excellent way the material was presented- both simply and thoroughly. Thank you for providing such high quality free science education materials.  I just wish there were a way I could join y'all in the field!
I loved this course a lot! It teaches a lot about not just dinosaurs but also other creatures that lived before and after dinosaurs; it also reviews many things I'd learned before from school-level geology, books, and scientific media, but it still adds more detail and explains them again. If you're unsure of something said, it almost always explains it either right when the topic is introduced or somewhere else in the course. Overall, I loved this course and it taught me a lot. I love telling the people I know neat facts and trivia from the lessons. Thank you for making this course :]
I thank the University of Alberta, Canada for this opportunity that I greatly value. The Scientists in charge of the course, of the lessons and videos were very didactic, pleasant and facilitated the understanding of the topics for which, as a biology teacher in Venezuela, I congratulate them. I will use what I have learned in my high school classes. The PDF materials are very good and the links they have are very illustrative and informative. Thanks again and many successes. P.S. I would very much like to get a good quality didactic matrial like yours in Spanish.
Absolutely LOVED it!! I went into this course thinking I'd be able to name random dinosaurs and accumulate random facts but it was so much more. This course has taught me so much beyond just dinosaurs itself but really gave a glimpse of what the world was like when dinosaurs walked on this very planet. It also broke down a lot of topics like evolution theory and the history of earth, providing a very wholesome view. For someone who does not possess a very scientific mind I actually enjoyed this course very much. I highly recommend this for EVERYONE.
Wow, what an awesome course. I can't find anything to complain about. The notes were useful and well-formatted, the video lectures were concise and full of clear language and examples to demonstrate ideas, and the quizzes were a lovely balance between easy and impossible, they gave just enough challenge to make me rack my brain for some detail I'd almost forgotten. Awesome course, I am walking away with what was once just a passion for dinosaurs is now a concrete starting point for an academic intrigue in the entire field of paleobiology.
This was my very first course in coursera and I absolutely love this course! I have been fascinated by dinosaurs always and through this course I learnt so many things! The teachers are so good at teaching and they were absolutely perfect. Their style of explanation, giving example, letting me to think and guess, everything seemed to me a very good game! The whole environment made me think that I was there in the field working with some fossils. I wish to visit that place one day in my life so much!Thank you all so much for the course
This was truly an amazing and thrilling learning experience. If you are taking this course you can be completely sure you are going to learn a lot about this amazing field. The professors are very welcoming and kind in the way they talk and teach throughout the videos, so you always feel the need to learn more. I completely recommend this course if you are willing to know more about dinosaurs in a deeper approach for beginners. I learnt a lot and I am very thankful with the University of Alberta for that. Thank you so much
This course is so amazing. You will not only learn about dinosaurs but also get deep into it. There are many great 3D samples that you can see along with the studying. Moreover, there are so many quizzes challenging your knowledge all the time, surely, it will make you more understanding. Trust me, this course is really worthy to learn. Come in if you love dinosaurs and you will never be bored. At last, Thank you very much for all teacher in Dino 101 team who make the one of the great course in this Coursera. Thanks.
This is everything I've ever wanted from education. I was interested in this topic ever since middle school. My core education did not offer me such. So I had to seek out the education I want. As luck would have it. This class exists. If anyone wishes to hone their paleontology skills or want to get into paleontology or just like dinosaurs. This is the course for you. This is a super easy class with super interesting lessons. I hopefully plan on coming to the University of Alberta to fulfill my paleontology dreams.
Although I've been fascinated by dinosaurs for years, this course offered me the chance to learn so much more about them than I had ever considered before. I especially appreciated the chance to interact with bone and skull 3D reproductions, and the lesson notes at the beginning of each section will serve as an ongoing resource, since I was able to export them as PDFs. I truly appreciate all the work that went into producing Dino 101. By the way -- I'm 72 years old. It's never too late to learn something new!
Very nice course. A little bit long maybe. The girl leading the lectures was definitively customer friendly. (She looks very similar with the male lecturer. At one point I thought, that they were relatives. Now at the end of the course, when I see, that their family names are different, I understand it is not true) I took the course because of the topic. I wanted to hear an university point of view about dinosaurs. The other reason is that subtitles of an European language were available.
This was a Great Learning Experience for me and my 5 year old son, Muaziz H Jatoi. At the age 2, he been telling us that he wants to become and for a year he been claiming of being a Paleontologist, even he claimed, of being A Paleontologist, to the Researchers at Carthage Institute of Paleontology in Kenosha, WI. Thanks a lot for such a resource & the opportunity to learn in the comfort of home. We would love to talk with Dr Philip Currie and his team of Graduate Students.
A really fascinating course.I wish there would have been more drawings or skeletons when talking about a dinosaur (sometimes it was hard to follow and the pace was too fast. Also, it's always more interesting seeing pictures or maps than the face of the lecturer all the time). Also, I missed professor Philip John Currie. When he lectured the level went really high. But overall it was an excellent course.Thanks a lot and many greetings from Spain / Antonia Tejeda Barros
I found this course highly intriguing and was a great resource to prepare me for the Palaeontology course I am to start in September at University. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in finding out more about dinosaurs (even if you aren't going to study them). Many thanks to the Dino 101 team for putting this course together. I am very much looking forward to September so that I can wow them with the terminology and facts that I have gained.
This course expanded my petty understanding of Dinosaurs. Prior this course, I only know things about Dinosaurs thru movies and several children's book. This course is essential for Dino-nerds like me. I highly recommend this course for casual ancient life form learners looking to augment their knowledge. Other Natural Science such as Biology, Geology and Taxonomy were great inclusions to this course. If UA would put up a sequel course, I'll surely sign up.
An excellent course to everybody interested in dinosaurs, it explains from the basics all the paleobiology referring this amazing group and if you read all lesson papers it makes you understand advanced topics about them. Both Dr. Philip and Betsy are great teachers and share a lot of their knowledge about dinosaurs with a lot of joy as the teach it, making the course very pleasant, there is no doubt about their high degree of knowledge in the area.
I learned a lot in this course! I appreciate the time you all took out of your scientific activities to carry out this scientific dissemination course so well doneThe language is extremely accessible and there are several practical activities during the course. Apart from the course itself there are several other practical activities on a separate website that are VERY interesting even for those who teach basic education to use as a basis.
I took this class because the Dinosaur is the theme unit for this year's Camp Fire kids.  As a leader I wanted to be knowledgeable for the questions that would come from the kids of all ages.  This course offered more than answers; I enjoyed learning about dinosaurs and  that has inspired me to dig further into their existence.  I feel ready to give stories and lessons that will keep my kids focused on the topics I have for them this year.
The instructors did an excellent job of explaining complex topics in an approachable, easily digested manner. It was very fun to learn how much our perceptions of dinosaurs have changed since I was a paleo-obsessed kid, and to take an even more in depth look at the science involved in classifying and discovering them. I may retake this course again in the future to try to solidify some of the more advanced concepts and facts in my mind.
Dino 101: Dinosaur Paleobiology is a fantastic introduction to the world of Dinosaurs and to some of the science which underpins our understanding of them. The course is well designed and gradually builds upon your knowledge. The information is clearly presented and easy to follow, and most importantly - learn.I have throughly enjoyed learning from this course and would recommend it to anyone, amateur or potential professional alike.
What an amazing course that was! If you are curious about dinosaurs or love them but don't know much about them, this is the course for you. Betsy and Dr. Phil teach with so much passion, that it's contagious. The puzzles, virtual tours of the museum of palaeontology and Dinosaur park in Alberta along with the numerous fossils that you can play around with, make this course as hands-on as a virtual course can possibly get.
This course is well designed to engage people with varied backgrounds.  If you want to know more about dinosaurs and how they came to be, evolved, and ultimately became extinct, this is a course that will do just that.  The presenters are engaging and the fossil evidence, imagery, and interactive features all make this a course to look forward to sitting down with week after week.  I highly recommend this course.
I just want to say thanks to the Dino 101 team for an incredible job. It's just an amazing course - very interesting, detailed and professional. So much effort and work was put into this course and the fact that it is available to anyone who is willing to learn is a blessing. Professor Philip Currie is just an incredible person who is deeply passionate about what he does. Special thanks to him for Dino 101!
I encourage everybody who was once a child amazed by the dinosaurs to take this course (and the others by the Paleo team at Univ. Alberta). You will gain some great and state-of-the-art knowledge, with wonderfully written pdf notes, but above all you may get a chance to live once again your young age fascination for these creatures. Who needs science fiction, when science is already awesome and accessible?
Dino 101 brought the already exciting study of dinosaurs to life!  The lectures were very clear and well-organized, covered a nice range of topics, and connected beautifully.  The addition of the interactive fossil pages and timelines were a great touch.  I recommend this course to anyone who once had a childhood fascination, or a blossoming interest in the greatest creatures that ever roamed this Earth.
The content was very well put together, the classes were pretty clear and the notes handed over where very concise with good sources to keep digging. Overall an amazing course and i would recommend it to any dino lover other there.  My only real criticism is that the video teacher seems a bit nerveous and i would recommend her using a bit more her arms for gesture. I loved this course so much, great job!
It was a really enthralling journey for me, eventhough I knew a lots of concepts previously. Anyway, I strongly recommend this course as it emphasizes on most of the concepts that paleontologists require the most. Also, the dedicated mentors teach in a way that makes you understand the concept in and out.Once again, thanks to Dr. Philip Currie  and Betsy and last but not the least the Coursera community.
Very interesting course on Dinosaurs and the Earth's environment during the Age of Dinosaurs. Particularly enjoyed learning about the different Eras of time and the evolution of creatures through these periods. The presenters are engaging and the course itself was well-presented and thorough! Loved every minute- even though it dispelled any illusions I might of had of Jurassic Park becoming reality ;)
The material in this course was fascinating and well presented. Students needed a certain amount of basic biology and geology to understand the course material, and there were units covering this information. I enjoyed those lectures presented from dig sites and in museums alongside fossils the most, as, for me, the largest attraction is simply seeing what dinosaurs and their predecessors looked like.
The amount of information I learned as well as retained was astounding. I had no idea I was going to be taking in this amount of information from an online course no less. The course it's self is well structured and allows for you to work towards the goals at your own pace. Highly recommended. I will be looking into the other paleontology courses offered here on this site by The University of Alberta.
This was a very fun and interesting course. Learning about the dinosaurs themselves, but also where they came from and the evolution from their beginning through to the birds that we know them as today was fascinating. One of the best parts though is learning about the different pieces of a 4.6 billion year puzzle and how they all fit together. It has made the world we live seem more beautiful to me.
Excellent curse! It was not a problem for me not to have knowledge about dinosaurs and geology, because everything is explain clearly and concisely by the excellent teachers and researches. Very good videos, examples, supplementary material, images, photographs, landscapes and analogies. I really enjoyed learning about dinosaurs as well as knowing the University of Alberta. You did a very good job!
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. While it was relatively basic, it laid great foundations for further learning about dinosaurs as a whole. Having learned so much about dinosaurs growing up, this course helped me get the saga of the dinosaurs and their world in a straightforward manner. The lesson notes, combined with the videos, really fleshed out a proper understanding of the material taught.
A really good course!! They dominate the ability of distance teaching. Also just like to highligh that the links for fossil views were not working at all, so I just skipped that part, only in one occasion it did work and I was able to see some  3D models of fossils and that was a problem noted by a great number os collegues that into engaged t the course. In short, it was a perfect course.
I thought this course was brilliant, it's slow paced and easy to understand, using a wide range of vocabulary and context from reliable resourcesIt's the perfect course for anyone who is interested in dinosaurs and the history of earthIt's truly been 12 of the best lessons I have ever had in my life, as it's a combination of everything I have seen or watched before and it was beautiful
Excellent and informative course, taken by a true dinosaur fan! Learned plenty of new facts about dinosaurs and sharpened my extant knowledge. Great presenters and well-developed MOOC. I may re-audit all of the paleontology courses offered by U. of Alberta for personal pleasure, as they were sincerely enjoyable, entertaining, and communicative! Thanks to Dr. Currie and the whole team!
This was a very informative, entertaining, and engaging course.  I especially appreciated the interactive nature of it, going well beyond simple "end-of-module" quizzes.  The questions posed in the middle of the modules allowed me as a learner to think about (and process) what had been said in a way that made the information applicable and relevant.  Would highly recommend to others!
Absolutely fantastic!! As an already qualified scientist in biology this course was useful even for someone like myself with a degree. This course has the right balance between basic dinosaur science for the dinosaur "hobbiest" and more scientific information for someone like myself looking for more of a challenge. It was fun, engaging and interesting!! I only wish there was more!
i'm an undergraduate student majoring in zoology. the beautiful and little known world of dinosaurs had always fascinated and hence i want to become a paleontologist in the coming future. this course was really helpful in making me understand what, why, how and when of paleontology and this basic knowledge has set up a strong and concrete base for my future studies. thank you
This course is just awesome, and so are the instructors! It was an amazing ride over the last 12 weeks and I learned a lot about dinosaurs .The focus on the scientific method rather than just a pool of data is praiseworthy. It has given me an impetus to research further on these amazing groups of animals.Thank you Betsy,Phil, Gavin, and the rest of the staff.. :) Sanoop M
Thank you all! I've always loved dinosaurs and this was a great overall lesson of everything dinosaur. The "quiz" questions given throughout the lectures were not always just to see if you were paying attention in the lecture, but also to hypothesize and think critically. I thought those were very effective! Hopefully someday I can visit the University and its resources.
I have had an exceptional time participating in this course! I've had an interest in paleontology for a while, and this was a great introduction course. The reading is super informative and very interesting. The mini quizzes within the videos are very helpful and are useful tools to keep you on track. I have loved everything about this course. I'll probably take another!
I've thoroughly enjoyed this whole course and learnt a great many things. I'd like to think this a fantastic stepping stone and has opened me up to a variety of options moving forward. My interest has grown and I am looking forward to further study and learning in the future.The accessibility of the course is perfect and i highly recommended it to anyone considering it.
Dino 101 was well written and presented. Quality work by leaders in their field. The readings were interesting and clear though some of the lessons could use some proofing for typos and syntax edits. I have already enrolled in another palaeontology course presented by the University of Alberta and plan to take the other courses offered in palaeontology by them as well.
So much fun to learn about paleontology! I joined this course after a visit to the Museum of Natural History here in New York. I realized I could take a class for free and learn so much more than even a day at the museum could teach me. Sometimes the quizzes were challenging, but I feel like I am much more knowledgeable now and hope to learn more in the future. Thanks!
Holy cow so much material. I had a blast learning about Dinos and so much more. Betsy, Phil, and the rest of the presenters did an amazing job and really showed they knew their stuff. This class made me excited to keep learning. I appreciated the provided notes as they gave a variety of information that supplemented and reinformed what they were saying in the videos.
Thank you so much for awakening the long lost passion  which I have had for paleontology and all things Dinosaur. This course is superb not only does it educate you, it is done in an understandable manner and the tutors are very engaging .  I enjoined this course so much I have signed up for another with the University of Alberta. Thank you to all persons involved.
This is a fascinating course! You are sure to learn many interesting things about dinosaurs, dinosaur terminology and the time periods they lived in. Easy to follow with great instructors, and well thought out lesson structure. Quick review questions in each lesson make this course easy to comprehend. I recommend this course to anyone with an interest in Dinosaurs.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and would highly recommend it to anyone interested in paleontology and biology in general.  The course material is engaging and presented in a format that is accessible to students of any age and level of education.  The lessons are also an enjoyable introduction to other scientific areas beyond the dinosaurian focus of the title.
Thank you for this excellent course.  I thoroughly enjoyed my journey.  In fact, I am sad that this is over.  I look forward to learning more with University of Alberta and other experts. By the way, I am from Bangladesh and I am 11 years old.  My grandfather did his PhD in Economics from the University of Alberta. Thanks to Coursera too for this opportunity.
Great course with great teachers. Reading material and videos complement each other in a way it makes it much nicer to learn. It was always a dream to know more about dinosaurs and now I will enjoy much more my visits to museums and articles about this group. Perhaps, as a documentary maker, one day will prepare something about them! Many thanks from Brazil!!
I was always fascinated by dinosaurs, from a very young age, I even thought about pursuing a career as a paleontologist at some point (today I work with crocodilians!). The course was wonderful, I was able to revisit a lot that I had read when I was younger and learned many other things! Thank you very much to everyone who makes this amazing course possible!
I absolutely love this course. You can take efficient  notes and refer back to the videos through them. Some small spelling errors in the notes but it is always an easy fix. Really interesting facts and information involving dinosaurs as well as some interactive puzzles and questions in the videos. Overall very fun and easy to do, even with a busy schedule.
This was a very useful, fun, and engaging course. Being a more-than-casual dinosaur fan already, I still learned so many new things and unlearned some false illusions I had regarding paleobiology. This course had great resources and was easy to follow along with. Thanks so much for such a wonderful time! I'm excited to continue my paleontology education!
A most informative, interesting, understandable course! I must confess that I studied Biology and Geology (B.sc) and yet I had real fun refreshing what I know and learn new thing. I am an english speaker, but it is not my first language, yet I understood everything, the speech was very clear and the PDFs for each class help. Overall, a wonderfull course.
Great course, very well organized! The only issue is some dead links in the readings and the fossil viewer does not work. Otherwise I highly recommend this and it is well worth the time. Side note...there is a big problem with a lack of representation of POC in paleontology. It would be nice of some of the presenters were members of the global majority.
It was a real pleasure for me to  take this course. I had the opportunity to learn about so many aspects of ancient dinosaurs that were previously unknown to me. I am grateful to the team of University of Alberta and coursera for giving me the opportunity to learn more about this incredible subject. Thank you all for giving me the opportunity to learn .
This course was set up nicely with lesson reading, videos, interactives, and quizzes. The instructors were very knowledgeable and presented information easily to those with no dino or minimal anthropology background. It was extremely helpful to me as I set up a fossils and findings course in my school. I would definitely take courses from them again!
I am a zoology graduate and was in strict need for paleobiology knowledge. This course provided me with all that and more. The professors are great and they have put a lot of hardwork into buiding this course and it shows. This course in itself is very well put. Every little detail is well put, the tutor is friendly and the material is exceptional!
It´s an amazing course lo learn more about Dinosaurs ! I´m a geology student, I didn´t know many basic concepts of biology, but this course really helped me to learn more about biology and paleobiology. I really recommend this course !!! - Greetings from Torreón, Coahuila, México ! Eric Sánchez Ramos from the Universidad Autónoma de Chihuahua.
A most amazing course. So much information and detail in so little time! It answered many questions so I can now understand many of the scientific articles I am ready. And the instructors were nothing short of phenominal. So clear, concise so that the course material was easy to understand.  Congratulations - I cannot wait to see what's next.
The Dino 101 course was brilliant in every sense. I enjoyed every bit of it. The excellent demonstrations and mode of discussions will help me a lot to enrich my existing knowledge of dinosaurs. Being an assistant professor of Zoology, I must appreciate the content, design of this beautiful course and encourage others to participate the same.
This course was well-designed and carefully assembled.  Text tracked well with the videos which had good production-value.  I am a teacher during a pandemic, and I took this course as a sample (good or bad) of an online course.  I was surprised by the quality and learned a lot about both paleobiology and student-friendly online course design.
Was always intrigued about the dinosaurs and their lives.  This course helped in understanding their times as well as introducing me to their morphology and anatomy.  Overall, a great course for learning about the dinosaurs.  This course is helpful for someone who is interested in learning about the evolution of reptiles, mammals and birds.
loved it ! my inner child was awed and satisfied, maybe ill pursue this career.the instructors were very clear , the notes before each lesson were very helpful and the course subjects were easy to understand. i highly recommend anyone reading the reviews to take this course!those of you who put this course together are awesome! i loved it!
This review is biased because i love dinosaurs. Always wanted to learn more about them. Never really got the chance to growing up. This is a great first place to start learning more about these majestic creatures! The lesson notes and the videos are well prepared for your basic dinosaur newbie. The fossil viewer was my favorite bit though!
This course was fantastic! I was only taking it for my own pleasure as I've always been interested in dinosaurs. It was easy to follow, even if you have no science or paleontology background like me. I highly recommend it. Congratulations to all of those you worked on building this class. I wish there was more online classes like yours.
Fantastic beginners course on dinosaurs. My background is in anthropology, ancient DNA, and geology and it was great to apply some of those principles to another field. Before doing this course I thought palaeontology was too divergent for me to branch into despite having a hobbyist’s interest.  Now it seems more plausible than ever!
This course was extremely informative and beautifully presented. An excellent grounding for the other paleontology courses offered by this passionate team from University of Alberta. I'm looking forward to diving into the more advanced courses from here on out. Thank you so much for all your hard work putting this course together!
I had many concepts and ideas I have read in books made much clearer to me by studying this course! Koodos to the instructors and all that were involved in creating it! As an added bonus, taking it helped with my computer operating skills. (Which were basically non-existent beforehand!) I definitely plan on taking more courses!
Absolutely loved doing all 12 weeks of this course! I have always had interest in dinosaurs and this only increased it. All topics were well planned and presented in easy to understand language, which kept me hooked. The short duration of each module also helped as it doesn't feel like taking in too much information at once.
As someone from the Caribbean, we are not really exposed to learning materials such as in this course. It gives dinosaur enthusiasts a chance to come a lot closer to understanding these great creatures and in turn equip persons with the ability to pass on what has been learned to others. This Course was indeed a pleasure.
I have a degree in Geology, but never had the opportunity to take a class on Dinosaurs. This class was great at explaining introductory concepts for beginners, but also challenged folks who were more advanced. I was able to skim through what I knew, and study at more length what I did not. Overall, it was a great course.
I loved this course! I took it for fun since my husband knows everything about dinosaurs, he was a dinosaur kid, and he even learned a few things from talking to me about the course. It was a great course to take for fun or even for those who are interested in pursuing geology, paleontology, paleobiology and much more.
It was an awesome journey. I am very interested in the science behind dinosaurs and their evolution. I came to know a lot about them and in a very fascinating, innovative and interactive way. Also some misconceptions got cleared and want to learn about them in more details. Thank you very much for offering this course.
I love these courses. I have take all four of the paleontology focused classes available from Coursera. The staff at the University of Alberta have done an outstanding job putting together interesting and informative lectures on one of my favorite subjects. Well done. I hope that there may be more coming in the future.
Very, very instructive introduction to Paleobiology. The course introduces every concept a student needs to understand Paleobiology in a very thorough way, through the use of very interesting explanations and interactive studies of fossiles and quizzes. Would definitely recommend to anyone interested in Paleontology.
I really enjoyed taking this course and learning some things about dinosaurs. As a non-native english speaker it was a little difficult sometime to understand everything but the transcript of the video's were very helpful! If i had to change anything i would split up the first chapter, it was a lot of information!
I thought the course provided an excellent introduction to Dinosaurs and subjects related to the study of Paleobiology.  Materials were well put-together to dovetail with the instructional videos. Overall an excellent course for those of us interested in this subject and with little background or prior knowledge.
Thank you to all the instructors for putting together a very educational course!!! :) i enjoyed every lecture and have learned a great deal (my childhood dream of becoming a paleontologist (or at least as close to one as possible) has almost come true! :) Hope to continue learning in further paleontology courses.
What an excellent course.  My 12 year old son and I expanded our knowledge of Dinosaur Paleobiology.  We are so appreciative of the faculty of the University of Alberta for providing this opportunity in a very accessible format. We are only sorry the the course in completed.  Looking forward to doing this again.
I loved this course.  It reignited a passion I had for this topic as a young person and I have since read several more books and commenced the "Ancient Marine Reptiles" course.  I thought the presentation and format was highly engaging and thank the presenters for the great experience I've had with the course.
Dinosaurs are fascinating creatures and this course was very amazing in all ways. I love dinosaurs and by doing this course I had the chance to look at them with a greater understanding.  Miss Betsy and Professor Currie are my new favourite teachers. Thank you so much, Coursera and the University of Alberta...
This course is really important for any biologist to understand basic evolutive principles through a bunch of so important information. You will learn about Geological eras and the rise of non-avian dinosaurs, and their relationship to modern birds. I would recommend this course to everyone studying Biology.
Very informational and interactive. I came to this course thinking that I would already know everything, but after the first lesson I realized that there was so much more to learn about dinosaurs and ancient life in general. I highly recommend this course as supplementary to one's education and/or interests.
Great course! Well paced and a good level with some very technical data in amongst more basic information.I've really enjoyed this and look forward to booking a visit to Alberta Museum and Dinosaur Provincial Park froom the UK sometime in the future to find my own dinosaur fossils.Many, many thanks, Clare.
An excellent introduction into prehistoric life for anyone who's ever been interested in dinosaurs and evolution. The range of topics covered made this course both enjoyable and deeply interesting. I looked forward to every lesson and am now keen to learn more. Thank you to the Dino 101 team and UAlberta.
I enjoyed this course. My sons are fascinated with dinosaurs.   I took this course to help me to answer their questions.  The videos and reading assignments were fun and informative. I  enjoyed the extra reading assignments and the videos as well. Thank you so much for making this course available online!
I thought this course offered a lot of good info. Some of it is stuff that avid dinosaur enthusiasts would already know, but after all it is a "101" course. I think it's a great starting point for people who would like to become paleontologists, or people who just want to take a class about dinosaurs.
Very interesting and fun course -especially for those who don't know a lot about dinosaurs. the format-with mini quizzes- was great for retaining information. It was a wonderful opportunity for something to do during the Covid 19 shut down. The TA Betsy was a great teacher; I wonder where she is now?
This course is great for beginners! I'm not a beginner but this is my first online course. It was great to take what I already know and apply it to a platform I'm learning. The videos are very entertaining. The Fossil Viewer and Interactive Geologic Time Scale are amazing! Definitely a 5-Star course!
What a pitty, is already finished. This was an amazing oportunity to learn new things about dinosaurs. I really love how you managed to teach a lot of things in so little time. I can´t wait to share my new knoledge with friends as interested in dinosaurs as me. You deserve the 5 stars and much more!
A great introduction to dinosaurs, paleontology, and geologic time. Students new to these topics will learn a lot, and those more familiar with them will enjoy the fun refresher. My only complaint is that the 3D fossil viewer did not work for me, but I won't let that detract from my 5-star rating.
Excelent course, I had the opportunity to learn all about dinosaurs, and after finishing it, i want to continue with the other courses that the university of Alberta offers. Thank you all for this great way to learn and specially to Betsy, who gives the information in a great way to be understood.
This course was so incredible. Not only was it easy to follow and full of incredible knowledge, it may have just changed the course of my life. I am so excited to learn more, and this class is what has sparked the creative paleontology and geology curiosity inside of me. I am eternally grateful.
I thoroughly enjoyed this module! It was a great introduction to dinosaurs and the world before humans existed. The terminologies and names of dinosaurs might be hard to keep up with but the instructors explained them well and concisely. I recommend this to anyone who loves dinosaurs like I do!
A fantastic, fun, and fascinating course that I enjoyed every step off. It was challenging but not overwhelming and the videos and notes were interesting to read, with brilliant instructors. This course allowed me to fulfil my childhood dream of studying dinosaurs and I am immensely grateful.
I was torn between 4 and 5 stars.  The content is excellent as ar the provided references.  The presenters clearly know their subject matter and are excellent communicators.  Work is needed to go back and debug all of the English transcripts which are loaded with miswordings and misspellings.
Really enjoyed it and am very glad something like this is accessible to everyone. Thank you!  Minor bug, please give more time on the interactive questions in the videos before switching to the screen with answer options. Some need you to be able to look at the picture longer.  Thanks again!
This course was very educational, and I absolutely enjoyed it. I learned a lot about dinosaurs not only from the videos each week, but also from the handout PDFs. Looking forward to studying paleobiology in the future, possibly at the U of A! Thank you for providing this great online course!
i really like this course ,as a 13 year old i have a very inquisitive mindset and i really enjoyed the tutoring.This course has also been able to expand my career options and will anyways help me in zoology .the only bad part was that my 3D fossil viewer did not work the whole course:)LOL.
An excellent overview presented in a very accessible way by a very enthusiastic team.Totally coincidentally I visited the Royal Tyrrell Museum in Alberta in the month before I started this course. To see the museum and its specimens used to present this course was just amazing.Many thanks!
This was a fantastic course!  It really opened my eyes about a lot of misconceptions I had about dinosaurs.  I really liked how the course emphasized not only dinosaur behavior and anatomy, but they also focused on putting dinosaurs in an evolutionary, ecological, and geographical context.
My childhood dream come true, at 30 years old. It was very entertaining, I learned more than I thought I would, and I was able to start in the way of Sciences (I'm from Humanities). I will definitely be seeing you soon (2021) for the other dino-courses in the series! 
Thank you so much!
Excellent course! I liked the last reflexive thought: We, the society, should guide our efforts in protect and conserve species in danger and propose practical solutions to solve the contamination problem and the greenhouse effect, instead of trying to resurrect ancient extinct species.
Sincerely this is the best introductory Dinosaur Paleobiology course since Paleoworld of Discovery channel. The retrospective and prospective methodology of the course, the real specimens of fossils of UOA and field work of a paleontologist are the fortress of DINO 101. Thanks so much!
A serious, attractive and well done MOOC. Big thanks to Mr Curry and his whole team for sharing  knowledges in Paleonthology with people interested in. I really enjoyed learning those courses, which deal with many topics, give the basics and more about new discoveries. Best whishes !
Was a very detailed and educational course, it debunked a lot of theories, and it explained things in great detail, I have always considered myself an “arm chair” dinosaur expert, but this class opened my eyes to a great many things,. Awesome class, awesome instructors/teachers.
So far this course has really helped me a lot. Everyday I am learning something new and exciting and I really appreciate the effort put through by the instructors to help us get familiar with the aspects of paleontology. Looking forward to the rest of the contents of the course.
The entire course was utterly amazing. From beggining to end, it does not fail in bringing interesting facts about not only the dinossaurs themselves, but the land and ecossystems they used to live. I strong recommend this course to Dinos addicts and/or paleontology beginners
this was the best course ever to take and I learned a lot more about the history and study of how dinosaurs behaved how they adapted and how they lived and I love this course I have been into dinosaurs since I was a toddler also Philip and Betsey are the best paleontologist
The explanation is excellent. Field visits and showing fossils in the lectures were really interesting & I enjoyed the site aswell. Thanks to the Professors of the course, I will personally send email after couple of days once I get the certificate. Thanks to entire team !
I loved the course! Dinosaurs have fascinated me for decades and learning more about them and their time periods was a great way to expand my knowledge. All of the presenters were great and the content is easy to follow even if you know bits and pieces once you begin it.
This course was absolutely fantastic! It taught me so much about dinosaurs and about biology that I didn't know before. My background is in Analytical Chemistry, so it was really great and exciting to learn about something I'd never really gone that in depth with before!
I was very happy with the contents of this course. I learned a lot of new things and developed a higher appreciation for the hard work involved in researching dinosaurs and their habits. I truly enjoyed learning the content as it was both interesting and well explained.
LOVED THIS COURSE! This is my first and only completed course on Coursera! I signed up because of my recent obsession with dinosaurs and the course was so fun and informative I finished everything way before my due date! Can't wait to visit Dinosaur Provincial Park now!
I wanted to know about the dinosaur since my childhood. When I saw the Jurassic Park in 1995, since then i was fascinated by them and wanted to become a Palaeontologist. So, I found this Dino 101 course on Coursera, i was much happy to enroll myself  into this course.
Dino 101 is an outstanding, informative and entertaining course about dinosaurs!  I really appreciated the enthusiasm and joy that the instructors displayed throughout the course.  Thanks so much for such a great learning experience.  I wish you all of the best.
Truly exceptional course, quite possibly the best MOOC I've done (I've done about 15). At least top 2 or 3. I really appreciate all the hard work and care that went into this, and all of the resources and interactive tools in the course. I highly recommend it.
Its clear that a lot of effort went into the creation of this course.  Interesting videos, interactive components and a lot of extra details made this course worthwhile.  I came away learning more than I could have imagined and enjoyed myself at the same time.
This is one of the best pastimes in 2020. The readings and videos are extremely well prepared with a touch of humor. I enjoyed working on the comic quizzes. Never knew we were closer to a T-Rex than a Stegosaur was. And I just had a modern dinosaur for lunch!
This is an amazing course! Provides abstracts to the "Dinosaur" concepts. Along with which successfully providing clear details to the concepts by connecting the "present" and the "past".familiarizes us with all the concepts which are very new to everyone.
So happy I decided to take this course!  I gained such a thorough introduction to dinosaur paleobiology, and I really enjoyed the simple format.  This course has inspired me to take more courses on paleontology, which is a childhood aspiration come true :)
Fantastic course! I never knew so much information about dinosaurs and had never studied them in school but this course gives an excellent introduction to the world of dinosaurs and paleobiology. Learned so much and really enjoyed the course! Thank you!
I tend to read as much as I can about dinosaurs in science journals and I consider myself knowledgeable in this matter. I was dead wrong. This course really opened my eyes and gave me a better grounding in the subject matter. This is a very good course.
I do highly recommend this course, it's reasonably informative for anyone who is pursuing for a career or further education on palaeontology. Even to those who are just enthusiastic about in dinosaurs in.general, who want to know more facts about them.
A spectacular course, spared no expense! Through this course, I expanded my previously learned knowledge on Dinosaur paleobiology and will apply it in life and in my facilitation tours as I am a docent for Dinosaurs at the Field Museum of Chicago, IL
Excellent course, really goes into detail and covers everything you would need to know about Dinosaurs and other Prehistoric animals. Learned alot and enjoyed the layout of the course - videos and regular mini tests throughout. Definitely recommend!
This course was a very fun one, and the team at University of Alberta made this class engaging and easy to understand for everyone. Workload was very easy and I looked forward to watching the videos and reading into the discussions. Would recommend!
Really great teaching and use of wonderful tools to reinforce and assist with learning.  Would enjoy doing more courses with Betsy and Phillip.  Thank you for taking the time to put this material together and thanks for the brilliant presentations.
Excellent introductory course on dinosaurs. Actually, on a few modules there are excessive information, names of dinosaurs and their corresponding periods, but one can revise the information anytime. This course really makes you crave for more.
The course materials were extremely well prepared and well thought through. I have learn a lot from it and it's a great introduction to basics of dinosaurs knowledge. You can impress your friends at the Natural History Museum after the course.
I LOVED this course, it was absolutely wonderful. Thank you Dino 101 team you are all magnificent. I've just completed all the MOOC paleontology courses the University of Alberta has to offer and each one is outstanding, please make some more!
I really much love the course and also the topics that were covered. I have a huge fascination with dinosaurs and pre-historic animals. I would really love to visit University of Alberta Paleontology department and as well the museum as well.
I found the course both educational and challenging more encouragement to read the modules would be helpful in information retention , although not sure how to successfully introduce this to the course layout . thank you for the opportunity.
I can´t say enough how much I enjoyed this course!  It was wonderfully detailed, concise, but broad in scope.  The videos were excellently organized, and I felt prepared for every end-of-week quiz. Thank you so much!  On to the next course!
It's a great course with most of the information still valid. I really recommend it to any dinosaur enthusiast of any age.  I enjoyed it very much and learned a lot from it.  Thank you to the University of Alberta and all the Dino 101 team.
I absolutely loved this course and would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in learning about dinosaurs. I would love to see the University of Alberta offer even more dinosaur courses! I'm excited to take the next theropod course.
Great illustrations throughout the course and support material like the fossil viewer. Videos were very well presented and the readings have tons of interesting supplementary material. This was a very fun course and I can't wait to do more.
Really enjoyable course - I took this solely to satisfy my personal interest and to learn more about dinosaurs. It was my first Coursera course and first online course and really a very satisfying introduction.  Thank you for offering it.
I enjoyed Dinosaur 101. It was informative, well organized, well presented, and done at the right level of difficulty for someone with little knowledge of the subject. I enjoyed Betsy's quizzes and her explanations after each quiz.
Very well presented course full of interesting material.  The test questions within the videos were great as well, and we enjoyed the dino bone puzzles and the fossil viewer a lot, too.  Kept the attention even of younger students.
This course was really interesting and informational. I've heard about and have been interested in dinosaurs for decades, but this course still managed to teach me quite a lot! Thank you for this fun and educational opportunity!
It was truly one of the most interesting and charming courses I've ever had, really now word can describe how grateful i am for this course and for everyone who contributed to the preparation of the course materials. Good luck !
Really a wonderful course. I belong to a computer science background but interested in biology. I was separated from biology for long years. I was really interested in knowing about dinosaurs and this course gave an insight..
Very informative course! I have learned a lot about dinosaurs and it also corrected my previously known concepts. This is a good try course and best way of spending time during home quarantine. Thank you for this free course!
One of the best courses ever I had. Truly speaking, the organizers truly explained every concept in a lucid and descriptive way. This course has opened up my interests in evolutionary sciences. Thank you team Dino very much.
Fascinating and informative course taught by real experts. I loved every minute of this course and adding more dinosaur knowledge to my brain has made me love them all the more. Thank you for providing this amazing resource!
Very interesting course, Well paced, the instructors were great, spoke in a way anyone can understand. Learned alot and now when I go  to the local Natural History museums, I understand the fossils I'm looking at alot more.
I am paleobiologist specialized on early birds, and this course has considerably increased my acknowledge about non-avian dinosaurs . Thanks to Phillip Currie, Betsy Kruk and all the team for this really interesting course.
I really enjoyed this course. I learned so much for you guys.  I've loved dinosaurs since i was really little and now with what i have learned, i can pass that on to my daughter as she gets older. Thank you for everything.
If applied math is physics and chemistry is applied physics. This course is probably "applied biology". If you like dinosaurs but don't really like biology, you'll learn it in a practical and engaging way with this course.
Many thanks to the Dino 101 team. All the materials put together for this course, right from the PDF download to the 3D view of specimens is top notch. I never knew I could love palaeontology like this. Thanks once again!
This course is very good because the instructors explain very clear that is easy to understand, and there are some quiz in all videos that make communication between students and instructor which make content not boring.
This is an amazing course and it is one of the courses that helped me get my foot in the door with Paleontology. Thanks to this and the many other paleontology courses I am now working for Paleotex LLC For Paleontology!
I LOVE DINO 101. I'm not a big fan of Jurassic world. Before I take this course, I know just the name of T.rex and rapter. But during the course, I explore through the time to learn more about dinosaurs. It's amazing!!
I have learned so much in this course! I started as someone enthusiastic about dinosaurs, but knowing very little about them. Now I know all about their biology, history, and the research that's being done with them.
THE BEST COURSE EVER, i've taken several courses about different things but this one is so well made and interesting that I was so sad when I finished. I highly recommend you to take this course, you won't regret it
Great course for someone who wants to learn the basics of paleontology. As a kid I always dreamed of becoming one, but life send me on a different path, now I can go back and still sample what it would've been like.
Great course, love the flexibility of deadlines. Perfect introduction to palaeontology for beginners, and a perfect reminder course for those already attending university and want to test or refresh their knowledge.
This was a really beneficial and well-rounded course. It was interesting throughout and I have learned a lot, so, thank you to Betsy, Philip and the University of Alberta and Coursera for providing the opportunity.
Informative and I can learn more about dinosaurs and paleontology when visiting natural history museums, watching dinosaur documentaries, reading nonfiction books about dinosaurs, and through internet research!
I really enjoyed this course. I thought it was highly interesting, and I learned quite a few things about dinosaurs that I did not previously know. I thought Betsy was easy to listen to and engaging. A+ course!
This is a very informative course for anyone wishing to learn about dinosaurs and prehistoric life on Earth.  I am looking forward to taking the other Paleontology courses from Coursera / University of Alberta!
I loved this course! The teachers were engaging, the material was interesting and well explained and I learned a lot. I would definitely recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn more about dinosaurs.
I remember a little about evolution and dinosaurs from school and found this course a great refresher course. It's think this would be a great beginning for anyone looking to get into, or back into, dinosaurs.
All Paleontology Courses from Alberta , helped me find a new and one more extra part time profecional job. Alberta University is the Best in Paleontology and all these courses are just so complete and great.
It was really a wonderful journey to know the dinosaurs lifespan & their period.I'm really grateful to Coursera & University of Alberta for organizing this amazing course.In a word.it was wholesome for me!
I thought I will learn just about dinosaur physiology but the course tackled so much more. I learned about the relationships of dinosaurs to geology and the climate, as well as the extant species today.
I liked it very much. As a biologist I've never been taught about dinosaurs and their evolutionary lineage but thanks to this course I have now certain basis for it knowledge. Thank you very much :D
Excellent course, great material, concepts well organized, nothing to complain really. The presenters were all very good too, and I'll be taking all the related courses for sure. Recommended 100%.
The course is solid. It was a good decision investingtime in this course. Betsy was explaining things really nice. I would like to thank her and the other instructors. Also thanks to Coursera.
This course is super fun and easy to follow. The videos and materials are well made and very clear while also being engaging. I could follow it very easily even without any science background.
Super interesting and educational! Would recomend this course strongly, it was interesting to study about how to know where fossils are from, how to know what animals belong to what group etc.
Great course !!! The material is well explained through interactive videos which make learning easy. I recommend this class as a fun elective for all students no matter their home faculty.
I just finished the class with my 8 years old son. We had so much fun! I hope every class is like that！only have problem opening bone carbinet on MacBook. Everything else is just perfect!
An excellent introduction to dinosaur paleobiology suitable for lay-people. I was able to follow and learn despite my background being in mathematics, rather than the biological sciences.
It's so good that I learnt about dinosaurs and can get knowledge about about them how they hunt their prey and types of teeth's all those creepy things about dinosaurs it was all good😍👌
Great introduction to the world paleontology and the general understanding of ancient (Mesozoic mostly) life! Course provides valuable information and is easy to learn. Highly recommend!
Enjoyed the course and learned a lot. It was at a great level for someone who didn't know much about dinosaurs going into it, and made me want to take a trip to dinosaur provincial park.
Well structured, very informative and amazingly presented course. Provides a wealth of information which will be appreciated by both the beginners and seasoned dinosaur enthusiast alike.
It has been amazing! So well explained and presented! I'm brazilian but I could watch all the videos without subtitles! I hope I can do other courses like this in the future! Thank you.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. It was easy to follow and the sections lengths were perfect. I would recommend this course to anyone wanting a better overview of general paleontology.
Super interesting plus the professors were great at providing examples from their research and access to amazing fossils you would most likely never actually get to see in a classroom.
Great information and the instructors were relatable and easy to understand. Thank you for offering this opportunity - and good head.s up to save animals that are currently endangered.
The course was detailed and well explained. Although It's not my area of working, I think that anyone could easily follow the course. Thank you all for putting this course available.
this was a very interesting and exciting course to take! I've always been interested in paleontology and paleobiology, so this was great fun for me. thank you, University of Alberta!
This is the most straight forward class I've ever taken from the U of A. The modules tell you what you need to know, and the test questions are fair. Its the dream University course.
Some of the information was a little simplistic, but it's a good introductory 101 class and the instructors were pleasant to watch/listen to. It was nice to learn a few new things.
The course structure is very simple although it covers almost everything related to Dinosaurs. I was able to study the basic details about the Dinosaurs through this course.Thanks.
Philip and Betsy did an excellent and beautiful work for the community. I am heading for my PhD in the future and I definitely consider to do in Alberta with them. Congratulations.
I loved the material and the quality of the material itself. It pushed my understanding further and gave me a better appreciation of the topic and Paleobiology in a general sense.
I had a wonderful experience with the palentologists.It was one of my intresting subject.The explanation was well clear and my journey with the courses was amazing.Thank you all.
Very informative introductory course that satisfied my personal interest in dinosaurs. The lecture delivery was clear and easy to follow along, and I enjoyed my time spent here.
I have learned so much from this online course.  The videos and content were excellent and I look forward to taking more classes from the University of Alberta through Coursera.
Excellent Course! Great material, good amount of content per week, and excellently taught. Thank you so much for putting this together. I learned so much and really enjoyed it!
Presenters were knowledgeable and kept the pace moving. As a recent enthusiast in Paleontology, Biology. and just the coolness of Dinos, I really learned quite a bit. Thanks...
Amazing Course, I`m learning more about dinosaurs to be able to draw and paint them better, since I’m an illustrator in the gaming industry (and share a passion for dinosaurs)
Incredibly informative- covered a vast deal of info in a short period of time. Broad sweeping but interactive, this is a great course for beginners interested in paleobiology!
Brilliant course, pitched at the right level for an introduction into Paleontology. I got a lot out of doing this course and it has kick started my interest in Paleontology.
Excellent course. I appreciated the notes, teaching from experts in the field and being exposed to new information and research that was new to me. Thank you. - David Haitel
This course really assisted me in furthering my understanding of what paleontology really is and what is required for one to learn so that they can become a paleontologist.
This was one of the best courses I have ever taken, it was easy to memorizes information and apply it!The way it was taught was very in depth as well as easy to understand.
Excellent course! Gave me an opportunity to deep dive into the world of Dinosaurs. The course materials are excellent and very well introduced by DINO 101 team. Thank you.
It's a very well course put together, I love learning about the history of early earth and its creatures and how us humans, can maintain some animals from getting extinct.
The course was fun and enjoyable and really expanded my dinosaur knowledge i look forward to using the skills and knowledge I have learned from this course in the future.
Very informative and enjoyable to complete. I learned a lot from this and gained new insights that further my desire to learn in this field of inquiry. Thanks Dino 101!
A great combination of explaining fundamental material in an easily-digestable manner while still diving into dinosaur paleobiology with an interesting amount of depth!
This is one of the best course I've taken so far. It had tremendous impact on my understanding of dinosaurs and prehistoric world and got me hooked for studying more!
Great overview of all things dinosaur - presented in a holistic fashion from engaging instructors. Loved the regular quizzes, 3D fossil viewer, and other visual aids.
Really well presented course and easy to follow and study. Completely non bias and very informative. Would highly recommend to anyone who wishes to study Paleobioligy
Great course!!! I enjoyed that there were many different ways to learn the material. I also appreciated that they wanted me to succeed and were very helpful. Thanks!
This was, with out a doubt, one of the best courses that i have taken. The lectures were far above average and the information was clear, concise and too the point.
Wonderful course. I enjoyed the time spent and wished it continued. I've taken several other courses in this series and will take another course. Thank you so much!
Paleobiology is an amazing thing to learn about how life was before we walked onto this earth, I learnt something new that was going to be the next future to walk.
This is an amazing course with so much valuable information.  For those like me who are fascinated but dinosaurs, this course is a treasure trove of knowledge!!!!!
It's a very well done course. All te information is up-dated, the readings are understabdables and the videos are very interactive. I really enhoyed this course !!
Thank you for all the efforts you put in this course. Lectures are very interesting!  It's definitely a course that I would recommend to all dinosaurs enthusiasts!
The best course I've ever done. Every enthusiast of paleontology should go through it. It's the highest pleasure to read and listen to your teachings. Thank You!
With simple and informative lessons, Dino 101 was an amazing opportunity to learn the basics of dinosaur paleobiology and many other important scientific fields.
videos were comprehensive and very accessible for all learners from people just beginning to learn about paleobiology, to people who already have some knowledge.
These paleontologists do a very nice job with their on line classes.  The links in the course notes for this class are fantastic sources of dinosaur information.
Loved the course! An absolute joy to anyone fascinated with wildlife and dinosaurs. Interactive learning was interesting. Great instructors! Highly recommended.
I loved this class! It was short, sweet, informative, and so fun! I loved all of the interactive parts of it! I would recommend this class to anyone interested!
Was so great taking this course by the greatest paleontologist on the planet. I will not disappoint filling those shoes someday Dr PC. You've taught me well.
We learn so many things, about evolution, extinction and our planet plast. I regret sometimes that Mrs Betsy Kruk doesn't always articulate when she speaks.
very interesting course filled with interactive platforms and options, great reading material that just elicits interest towards all aspect of the subject.
Even if you are not related with this topic you can learn something new. All the professors explain in detail and use a variety of examples  and resources.
It was a great course, I wish we could have courses about palynology(Micropaleontology) and any courses related to climate changed based on microorganisms.
Really fun and informational course! It was so easy to complete the deadlines and I learned a whole lot about biology, evolution, etc. in general as well!
The methodology used by the course instructors were great. The fossil viewer tool provided much help as to the understanding of anatomy of the dinosaurs.
This was a most informative course. and for me. not an easy one by any means. For an under-graduate, I would say is essential.  Well done! And thank you!
They say that one knows best about dinosaurs when one is 4 years old or has a son of this age. Not at all! You should also count this excellent course.
Amazing and with a very easy vocabulary that makes learning much easier and enjoyable. Very thankful for this course. I would definitely recommend it.
The best course that I have done so far at Coursera. Very well structured and explained in a very clear and understandable manner. I love the teacher!
I generally really enjoyed this course. there was a lot of information which was new to myself and even more that built on information I already had.
Absolutely brilliant course. The girl is great at presenting, the information is amazing and will teach you everything you need to know about dinos.
My daughter aged 9 took this course. I am happy to note that the course content was good and she finished the course without us parents pushing her.
I very much enjoyed not just the content but also how it was delivered. I can definitely see myself using what I learned and applying it to my job.
Fascinating. Truly loved this course. It took me only a couple of days as I really focused on it. Downloaded the course and went for it. Incredible
Loved it!  I have learned much from this course, despite my local status as a "dinosaur nerd".  I am glad I took the course, and really enjoyed it.
This class has been a blessing to me! It is the class that I have always wanted to take. The videos were well put together and very easy to follow!
This is an excellent course.  By far the best course I've taken on Coursera.  The presentation was professional, entertaining, and understandable.
I found this course to be absolutely brilliant. The information was well set out and explained and the instructors where articulate and engaging.
I really liked this class. It was informative but not overwhelming to someone who doesn't know much about dinosaurs. I'd recommend this class. :)
It is a brilliant course for anyone be it a layman or a pro to get a wonderful insight into these marvellous creatures who once ruled the Earth.
Absolutely brilliantly put together. Such a great way to study and interesting topic, it was an absolute pleasure to take part in this course.
Excellent presentation of material in sequence, style, fossil viewer, interactive 'lecture', text, supplementary readings. Superb creation.
Amazing course for beginners. I am happy to complete it and I got one step closer to my dreams. Thanks Coursera and University of Alberta.
This course gave me worth overview of the dinosaur era and useful studying materials to deepen my knowledge of these mesozoic crestures.
I have been learning a lot from this incredible course and each unknown word makes me want to discover even more!Thank you so very much!
It was great experience...I have a great interest in prehistoric dinasours and fossil ... it was just awesome...thank u all so much....
Well done the material was presented in clear manner with good explanations and following the the teaching points and reading sections.
Very fun introduction! A real trip through time that helps you broaden your horizons and learn many new things! Thank you for the ride!
Loved the videos and the in-depth explanations. For a person like myself that always loved dinosaurs it's the perfect beginner course!
AwesomeI really enjoyed this course, well structured and interesting lectures. I will definitely do more courses from this university.
A brilliant course which is perfect for dino enthusiasts of all ages!  I particularly liked the videos and layout of the PDF workbooks
I loved listening to the lectures. They were very interesting and given with enthusiasm.  NOT a dull dry or boring class by any means.
Excellent, Went to Drumheller after the course so I enjoyed it very much. Thanks for posting these courses for the retired person to t
Hello, My name is Volodymyr and I'm from Ukraine. It was really amazing course and I want to say HUGE THANKS to ALL who've made this!
I am an absolute beginner in the topic and this course is perfect for me. I am learning a lot and the sessions have the right length.
the course has been the best course i have ever done! Thank you so much for the effort you amazing people have put into this course!
Wonderful course, lectures, and insightful points. Some of the quiz questions were non-intuitive, but otherwise, excellent course!
I liked this course a lot! I didn't know anything about dino's when I first started this course, but now I even want to know more!
The information was fun and presented clearly for newcomers to understand easily. I look forward to taking more classes like this.
It was a good course and helped learn more in depth about dinosaurs it also helped me with what happened millions of years ago.
A wonderful introduction to the world of dinosaurs, also bringing in some key geological history and modern biology. Thank you!
This is very useful course... I love Dinosaurs 🦕 🦖 that’s an amazing one 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩 you’ll get all information about it.
THIS WAS SO FUN AND SO INFORMATIVE! I LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF IT! I HAVE BEEN HAVING A GREAT TIME CASUALLY TALKING ABOUT CARCHAR
Very engaging, well paced, and interesting topics knowing the basics on the study and field of dinosaurs. Highly recommended.
This course was very interesting, efficiently communicated, and no prior background needed. I enjoyed this course very much!
A really fun course and very educational. I'm only 13 and I have learned a dozen new things only two weeks into this course.
I could have said a lot about the course, but still, it brought my childhood back and that was much more than enough for me.
Great intro on Dinosaurs - very complete and up to date with current knowledge - a must see & follow for every enthousiast!
Wonderful course! Easy enough for a lay-person to understand, but still challenging and very informative. I learned a lot.
It has been a great introduction to the world of dinosaurs and the science of paleontology. Very interesting and inspiring
Excelent course, congratulatios for such an impresive colection of fossil, thank you very much for sharing your knowledge.
Videos are short and to the point. Subject matter was relevant. Lecturer was very engaging. Easy to follow course content.
I'm loving and enjoying this course so much. I love dinosaurs and the way they explain topics about them is so interesting
This course was really good and I enjoyed it very much. I also learnt some new stuff in this course. I really enjoyed it.
I am 10yrs old and I had so much fun and loved the course. I have learnt so much more and I am happy I found this course.
I think this is an absolutely fantastic course for anyone with a passion for Dinosaurs and wants to know more about them!
I loved this course! I never got bored of it as it was just so interesting and was really easy to learn from. Thank you!
Excellent overview and introduction to the field of palaeontology. I can't say enough about the quality of the material.
Absolutely phenomenal, the presentation is top notch with experts who are as passionate as I imagine all us viewers are.
great course design. Funny and educational. It gives me deeper understanding on Dinosaur，not just a Monster in Mesozoic.
I LOVED taking this course! I've learned so much! I can't wait to take the additional courses available on this subject!
AN ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT COURSE!I am only 11 and my parents found this course online and it was both fun and challenging
Cool!  I learned lots of interesting stuff about dinosaurs.  It helped me be a better Natural History Museum volunteer.
Great introduction for getting into dinosaurs and gives a good basic understanding of the science behind paleontology.
Thanks for the Dino 101 team! I have learned a lot of useful knowledge about the orgin, habits, extinction and so on.
More graphics illustrating the terms / descriptions used in the course will be useful in helping us visualize better
It was a very informative course and I look forward to exploring more courses produced by the University of Alberta
This course is nice and worthwhile. A huge thanks to all the mentors for their dedicated effort and lucid teaching.
Very good experience of learning new and unique course.I like method of explanation.Thank you for giving the course
I enjoyed this course very much. I do believe that some of the subtitles need to be translated again due to errors.
I like how they discuss every lessons. It’s so easy to understand. This is really a recommended course! Thank you!
i love how things keep going on, videos and the lessons are attractive and i feel so happy to follow this course !
Great course! Easy to follow, information is well explained and in an user-friendly layout. Fair and interesting!
This was a really fun and interesting course to audit!  10/10 I love dinos and I am Dr. Currie's new biggest fan.
Great teaching and amazing layout for course material. Really enjoyed the video content as well. Thanks so much!
Really interesting course. Very interactive and well thought out lesson plans. Really informative and enjoyable.
Very good! Little difficult and I wanted it to see more pictures and sketches as they speak to us in the video.
Very easy to understand , quite graphic and funny .Encouraging to keep learning about life and other sciences.
Thank you so much for this MOOC. I really enjoyed learning in a rigorous approach about dinosaurs 🦕 ¡gracias!
Great course for beginners wanting to learn more about the life, anatomy, origins, and extinction of Dinosaurs
Excellent course!! I really enjoy the material! congratulations for the entire team! Thank you from Colombia!
Loved it! It is great to take courses that are for me, not a grade or work. Thanks for making it available.
Excelent couse for everybody, with or without previous knowlenges about dinosaurs, geology or paleontology.
Very organised syllabus and easy to catch up! A good course for a beginner for a dinosaur-learning course.
I think this course was great. I had so much fun doing it. I want to be a palaeontologist when I grow up.
Brilliant course that goes into to lots of detail but still keeps it simple. Overall a BRILLIANT COURSE!
I love dinosaurs and learning about them, this course is a great introductory and i will be taking more.
A greaat course for all fans of dinosaurs! I truly enjoy learning something new about dinos every week!
Excellent course. I learnt a lot of detail about dinosaurs and their relation to history and evolution
Many thanks, I really enjoyed this course and learnt a lot more about Dino's, Theropods and the Birds.
Very well presented. Lots of useful and informative material condensed into handy, bite-sized chunks.
This course was absolutely incredible. I learned so much in only 12 weeks, which seemed to fly by!!!
I love the way that explained the history about dinosaurs his ecology and evolution across the time
Interesting and engaging presentation style, I learned a lot about dinosaurs and the earth as well.
I loved this course and I am definitely going to be a paleontologist, I love dinosaurs. FIVE STARS!
Wonderful class. Presented well in texts and videos, it was fun to play with fossils in 2D and 3D.
This course is excellent! The explanations are easy to understand and very interesting. Thank you
A really fun, informative course. A great way to occupy some of my time during the COVID lockdown
This course is an excellent survey of Dinosaurs.  It imparts the thirst to learn more about them.
very well talked about, lots to know and take in and it was fun learning all this new imformation
Very helpful course for getting proper knowledge about dinosaur evolution as well as extinction.
Very interesting course and excellent presentation manner, beautifull illustrations. Thanks lot!
Thank you very much for the opportunity to learn about dinossaurs and about the Earth's history.
wow course i had ever had ... fun filled facts stirred up my curiosity .... thank phil and akka
An amazing course taught by great professionals. I really liked it and I strongly recommend it.
I really enjoyed this course. Great job in the making of this course by the Royal Tyrell team!
Wow. This course is really interesting. I liked its interactive video and evaluation too much.
If  you like dinosaurs, this is a fun course. Learned so much and would totally do this again.
This class was so good!! I learned so much! I can't wait to take more classes about dinosaurs!
Great and interesting course! A bit complex but with the provided material it's easy to learn.
A wonderful, in-depth yet not overwhelming intro course for anyone interested in paleontology!
Excellent professors. This course is one of my favorites, the modules are very easy to follow.
This course was great! Congratulations and thank you for providing these lessons for free :)
This was a really great coarse. It is very descriptive and everything is easy to comprehend.
I loved learning about the fossils and different types of Dino’s. Especially the carnivores
Excellent course material...loved it. Looking forward to doing some more with Dr Phil Curie
great course with lovely interactive options & passionate instructors, highly recommend :)
It has been a really fun learning this course and would definitely suggest this to others.
Instructors were great, information well organized and presented. Enjoyed the experience.
Very interesting and concise. Was easy to understand and was always keen on learning more
this course given me a fantastic view of dinosaur history. Thank you to the team dino101
Really interactive with question in between videos to sustain attention and fact check!
Loved this!  Great overview and information that is fun to share.  Will be taking more!
Excellent: presentation, content, resources. Fascinating as well as highly instructive.
Really fun class with a lot of interesting information about dinosaurs! Well formatted
Another great course from the University of Alberta, looking forward to other courses.
I love dinosaurs and this course is amazing but it's hard for me to learn in English.
I really enjoyed this course and look forward to completing the others by this group.
I really loved this course! It's very interesting and easy to learn all the subjects!
Super interesting and informative. Great for anyone starting out in the subject area.
Excellent overview.  Very well presented in nicely done videos.  Tons of information!
Excellent course.  Enjoyed learning the basics of dinosaur from origin to extinction
This course was really informative and fun to complete, would definitely recommend!
Great course with interactive materials, very engaging and simple for understanding
Exceptional course! Honestly quite sad that it's over, as I enjoyed it thoroughly!
So fun and so informative! A perfect distraction from the pandemic. Thanks to all!
This course and its teachers are incredible and I have enjoyed every minute of it.
This course was AMAZING!!! Absolutely grateful that I got to take the course!!! :)
Motivated lecturers and a great didactical performance, thank you for this course!
Excellent course, a big thanks to everyone who worked hard to piece this together
A great way to learn more about dinosaurs without needing a technical background
Very interesting course with lots of fun quizzes and puzzles, I learned a lot!!!
great course and great reading material. Easy to understand but precise and deep
Awesome to further dinosaur knowledge, I highly recommend to anyone interested.
I love this course, good information and good way to explant, congratulations.
An awesome course for someone like me who really wants to pursue paleontology!
really interesting thanks a lotthis course really helped me pursue my passion
Excellent educational experience. You will learn a great deal in this course.
The course was very informational and was enjoyable. Thank you Uni-Alberta!!
Amazing, thoughtful and exciting. The only bad thing is that it has an end.
amazing course, learned a lot abut dinosaurs, widened my knowledge on them
such a great introduction into the world of paleontology! highly recommend
I loved this course very much. It was very fun, informative and enjoyable.
Very informative, well laid out and above all easy to follow & understand.
a great couse for the young learners as me, so a nice option to  go for...
Extremely well planned and executed.  Good for learners of all backgrounds
Great course, learned lots and really enjoyed the content that was taught!
Informative, surprising, fun, interactive, challenging: A perfect course!
what a fun course! now i can talk dinosaurs with my grandsons. thank you!
Very interesting topic and nice course for studying during COVID19 event!
The best class on Dinosaurs and other prehistoric life I have ever done!
I love this course and helpful in my current degree which is BS Geology
Interesting course! Well-structured, thoughtful content and good tools!
Great course that keeps your interest the entire time like a good book!
This was a great course for a junior paleontologist THANK YOU dino101!!
This learning method was very interesting. Learned so many new things.
Very interesting course, on quite a basic level, as the name suggests.
I have always loved dinosaurs and now I've learned a lot about them.
I had so much fun doing this course. I'm actually sad I finished it!
It was amazing! I loved this course, they put so much effort in it !
This course helps me a lot to understand and study about dinoosaur.
Excellent course! Well presented and informative. And, lots of fun.
This course was incredibly fun and informative. Highly recommended!
An excellent resource for dinosaur enthusiasts. Thank you so much!
amazing! I still remember and use facts I learned from this course
Great course.  Information was beautifully presented to us laymen.
Captivating, pleasant, thought-provoking, encourages thoroughness.
Really fun and helpful! I have learned a lot!! Thank you so much!
Very educational and engaging.  Very informative and interesting.
This is a great course! Loved the 3D fossils (Liam, 8 years old).
Excellent course, I really enjoyed it and learnt a lot from it!!
This is an excellent course about dinosaurs. Very comprehensive!
This cours is really well made, well explained. I recommand 100%
Excellent course, Thank you so much Dino 101 team and Coursera.
Excellent information and knowledge not easily found elsewhere
The perfect introductory course to the field of palaeontology!
I am very proud of my achievements and will continue to study.
A lot of fun! Informative, well structured and easy to follow.
I really do enjoy this course,even though I'm just beginning I
awesome. i loved it! :) want to learn more about paleontology
Loved this course, learned so much new stuff about dinosaurs!
It was a great course and enjoyable to learn lots. Thank you!
Excellent videos and easy to read notes to support the tests
Great course, interesting topics and explanations, thanks !!
Such a fun course, and covers a good blanket of information.
This course was a great interesting, educational experience
I love it!!!can´t get enough of it, want more more more :-)
Really interesting an great for anyone who likes dinosaurs
Truely awesome learned a lot about these magestic reptiles
This course was awesome! Very informative and easy to use.
This course provides a very solid foundation on the topic.
Excellent course!  I appreciate the insights given and the
I've learned so much about dinosaurs in just a few weeks!
Easy to follow and covering a broad spectrum for an 101!
The best course of paleontology and paelobiolgy. Thanks!
I really enjoyed this course, and learned a lot. Thanks
Loved it, was really interesting and easy to understand
The course is very interesting and easy to understand.
I love paleobiology and this course taught me so much!
I loved the enthusiastic instructor and learned a lot.
Love it! learn some mush and now wanting to know more
Wonderful and extraordinary course! Full of dino-fun!
Great course! May can digger deeper into some topics.
Superb, highly enjoyable and leaves you wanting more.
Cool course. Fun, informative and easy to understand.
Great information presented in an understandable way.
Really interesting and helpfull course. It was great!
very interesting 2nd course I have taken with Alberta
I enjoyed very much the course. Thank you very much.
Excellent course and instructors. Thank you so much
Thank you for this awesome and up to date course :)
Thorough and diverse to suit many knowledge levels.
Wonderful. Great way to learn during the Pandemic.
Great intro course to dinosaurs and their biology.
Really enjoyed the course! Cant wait to take more.
It was super fun and great for a beginner like me
Really well-structured and well-presented course,
Very informative, well thought out and good pace.
A great introduction to the science of dinosaurs!
The best course for learning about the Dinosaurs.
It was amazing, so much information on dinosaurs
An absolute must for dinosaur lovers everywhere!
I  enjoyed this course...but where is the forum?
Congratulations, i from peru, i love this course
great course and good explanationfrom kerk maam
i loved it as i,am ten i got a lot of feedback.
Very informative and easy to follow and read.
Incredibly informative and easy to understand
Information was well organized and presented.
Awesome course overall and super interesting!
great course for the beginners for the field
It was a great course to know the dinosaurs.
Very fun. very interactive and comprehensive
I am 6 years old  and learnt so much! Rafael
Now I know more about dinosaurs than my son.
Excellent introduction to dinosaur biology!
It was amazing 🤩  best course ever -Gavin
It is a very good course, one learns a lot
This course is great. I like it very much.
I believe this is a great course to get st
Excellent! This course changed my destiny.
Splendid professors, a clap on the back !
Amazing journey in the world of dinosaurs
I love it! Thank you for the opportunity!
Fabulous course, great tutorials loved it
Excellent and captivating overview course
very well explained and organised course
great course! would recommend to anyone!
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. Thanks!!
Very good, well explained interesting !
Great course, couldn’t get enough of it
Thanks a lot for this excellent course!
Interactive, thorough, and interesting.
Enjoyed this course and learned a lot!
What great course! Lot of information!
Excellent course, thank you very much.
I love it! so easy and fun to learn.
Very interesting and easy to follow!
One of the best courses I ever took.
This was amazing. I learned so much.
Enjoyed the course great instructors
I loves this class with all my heart
Awesome course really enjoyed!!!!!!
I love this course! Very recommend!
Very well made, and very effective.
Great intro class, very informative
It made me love Paleobiology!!!!!
This was a great overview course.
Fantastic Course. Well organized.
Thank you verymuch team coursera
The best course I have ever had!
Very fun and interactive course!
I am really enjoying this course
thoroughly enjoyed this course!
Good for who that love Dino ;)
super awesome course thank you
Fantastic introduction course!
Study about Dino is amazing !
genuinely enjoyed each lesson
Absolutely loved every video!
fun course and good techers.
Informative and entertaining
Really interesting and fun!
This course was very fun!!!
Well done and interesting!
Loved every minute of it!!
This course was fantastic!
Very enlightening course!
a very informative course
Really an interesting one
Terribly great, a success
so interesting and fun!!
great course so much fun
I really love Dinosaurs!
Was an amazing course!!
🏔️🌺🦄mind blowing....
the best course ever..
Loved it! Thank you!
The best course :D
nice easy course.
Really enjoyed
Awesome stuff.
It's Amazing.
1rst and best
Thanks!!
