The given introduction didn't help me to figure out how the grading system will look like. There are no assignments to submit, only online group works, which is not organised well at all. There are too many threads and the it's not at all clear what to write about. Apparently I should write about certain cases, but I couldn't find the content of the case. There is no proper introduction, work overview or anything. Very dissapointing.
Too much focus on the US and implications for the US.  Paternalistic viewpoint and very biased. Not up to Courseras usual standard. Very disappointed
Teacher has a clear pro israel bias. This does not fit a fact based  academic course.
can you please help me to unenroll?
This course gives a good introduction to international criminal law, showing in details the evolution of key principles and institutions. The readings , though details are a great resource for they keen to take deeper dives. The main concern , however is the sudden death approach that is used to evaluate the performance on the final examination. Preferably answers should not be binary, but provide the student with wide choice to gauge  the degree to which performance on the exam truly measures knowledge acquired during the course (leaving little room for guess work, as it were).
I wish to share that the notes made during the video are often not very clear. It would be useful to have clear endings of the phrases, and new paragraphs. And not a repetition of the words, spoken by the professor when he is re-thinking his phrase.In addition I wish top ask you to update the course, as today it is 2020. The recordings have taken place in 2016? Or even earlier? Last but not least, I wish to share that the Dutch UN mission in Srebrenica had not been described correctly. The Dutch General had asked for back up, but the other UN parties (specially the British army close by) did not wish to help the Dutch Blue helmets. In your lectures it looks like the Dutch themselves had made the horrible mistake just to run away, leaving those 700 men behind. But in fact they had to run away as they knew they would be outnumbered by the Serbs, without any help from the other UN armies in the area. Thanks! Myrte Dijksman-Schouten
The professor, Michael Scharf, seems to have a heavy bias to "justice" (as in punishment) and that leaves me with a poor taste as I listen to his content.  I found an error in content that bothered me but did not interfere with the main points of the course.  Overall I'm happy with the understanding of International Criminal Law that I have gained, though I am displeased with the biases I found in the professor.
I really like to the content of the course, but the problem of it is that it does not really incorporate the legal skills one acquires from Law School and is thus somewhat of a false representation of the case law that is offered.
a little bit complicated but a nice course full of information and knowledge.
The material was good, but the readings were much longer than it stated.
please reduce the length of videos
it was a interesting course
Interesting and captivating course with a lot of information to process, yet well explained and elaborated. I found some of the exercises / examples slightly confusing (perhaps under-explained?) and some of the statements made by the instructor unnecessarily judgmental. Especially when commenting on contexts he is not familiar with. Nothing major, but it did disrupt my perception of the course, as I have lived in quite a few of those contexts myself and certainly would not dare to be as bold in some of my statements as the instructor is. I also appreciate that the course has been running for a while and hence the feedback on the assignments is minimal, which would otherwise been quite useful. Overall though, I thought this was an extremely interesting course, genuinely recommended.
This course had been very very informative. Law is an inventive field. What interested me more was  terrorism and piracy, pre-trial issues and maintaining control of the court room. I have gaining more skill on the art of advocacy and adjudication. Jurisprudence and case precedent analyses from different jurisdiction and international tribunals provided in the texts were enriching.Thank you Professor Scharf . Your presentations are  easily understood and elaborate.
I have no foundation in criminology of any kind and thus, this was heavy stuff for me. I like how the videos paused at certain intervals to check if I understood what was being mentioned. It's also good to have online simulation for me to get things going.I appreciate the inclusion of real life examples where I have heard of some of them before via newspapers. This brings it easier to be able to understand a little more.
I was really interested to learn Law and I've got a chance from a platform like Coursera, which is one of the popular online courses. A new experience to learn a new course, International Criminal Law. A truly deserving platform for the ones who wished to learn Law. I thank Professor Michael Scharf sir for helping all the students for a better learning about International Criminal Law.
Interesting course. Very detailed look at some of the most common conventions and topics of international law (Geneva, Rome, crimes against humanity, genocide and torture). I was able to pass with a 90% grade but not being familiar with most of the content prior to this undertaking, I did have to devote more time to understand (at time memorize) some of the concepts demonstrated.
For the most part, I enjoyed the lectures, but with the level of interaction and tangible skills and 'take home' points the instructor felt were important, the level of feedback and discourse with the instructor was non existent. He clearly knows his stuff. But do I know what's most important in the lessons? I dont know.
This course was very challenging and informative. It raised additional questions and drew not only my attention to the current issues that are occurring on a global scale, but also encouraged me to think differently regarding the moves the different leaders have made up to this point in the global political arena.
I enjoyed it very much. The professor shared a lot of valuable information and talked a lot about his experiences, and it was very interesting. I have to admit, I didn't really like the simulations. The questions weren't very interesting, but I liked the idea itself of using it instead of weekly quizzes.
I really enjoyed thir course. It talks about very interesting international cases and how law was applied. If you don't have law knowledge I think it may be a little difficult to follow, if you have and like criminal law you're gonna enjoy it.
Great Course for the Introduction to the International Criminal Laws. The Online Simulations Helped a lot to understand the concept and how to apply them when we are in place of the actual judges, prosecutors or defense counsel to the case.
It was entertaining, but it'd be easier to follow if the videos weren't *that* long. 5 videos of 10 minutes per week would be better in my opinion, it wouldn't frustrate me as much as an hour long video.
the course overall was very interesting and I have learnt so many things. Such as how to think from a different perspectives, more about modern history and so many other things. Thank you
I have found this course very useful to understand the basic issues of the International Criminal  Law. Without doubts, it is a valuable first approximation to this matter.
it was really good, because its really clear and esay to understand by the videos, talks an maybe the readings are a little bit hard but its good
I loved this course. It was dragging at the start, but it eventually drew my attention with so many modern and recent examples used.
GOOD TO GO THROUGH THE LECTURES AND THE VIDEOS ABOUT THE INTERNATIONAL CRITERIA OF CRIMINAL LAWS AND PROVISIONS THROUGH THIS PORTAL.
Gives a very good introduction to International Criminal law, easy to understand and is a great source for research work. Thumps up.
This is a very helpful course and it will be a great course to start with if interested in learning about international laws .
I really enjoyed the contents of this class, it was interesting although i am not a law student. Thank you so much Professor!
A very Explanatory and detailed course which would benefit you immensely if you have the time to spend for it.
This course provide us basic information about Law, Criminal Law and International Criminal Law.
A great initiative to promote international criminal law in the world. I am really enjoying it.
Wonderful course to attend. It gave me a very good insight as to how the trials are done.
A simple and short course about learning what constitute international criminal law.
Would Prefer shorter more informative videos rather than long analysis videos
Thanks a lot for giving an opportunity to do this course from Coursera.
it was very helpfull to understand about International Criminal Law
very helpful course for International Law students!!!
very interesting class.  Gave me a lot to think about
A very interesting course. An excellent instructor.
Its a great course. i loved everything.!!!!!!!!!!
This is very good and relevant to its subject.
Great Class,Would like even more information.
Good course, incredible teacher and lessons
The Course is full of skilled information
Very informational and interesting.
excellent work of coursea good job
Content was good and knowledgeable
I thought it was very interesting!
A good introduction to the topic
Great, verry good information
Basic but very informative.
awesome brainstorming
Free certificateye
Really useful
I thoroughly enjoyed this highly informative course - it shed a lot of light on aspects which have puzzled me over the years. Fascinating and very well presented. Thank you.
I think its good to have a complete course of the historical laws which its a very complete on all the factor to understand more the system of justice ... recommended
Being a law student one should always expand and widen the knowledge of globally affected issues and international criminal court. this course helps me expand my horizons in international laws.
I absolutely loved this course. I had no previous law experience, and this course has proven to be the exact challenge i needed. The professor obviously has a passion for law, and tells a story in such a way that you want to keep listening. Also, the variety of cases discussed in this course are very in-depth, mixed with the hands-on experience of the professor made for a very entertaining, yet very educational course. The questions and exams were also challenging. If you want to invest in a certificate for a law course I would strongly advise you to take this course.
This was one of the best courses I ever had. I was too much into this course. I learned a lot I don't have law background but Professor explained everything very well. Thank you :)
First of all, I would like to greet Professor Michel Scharf for the passing of his birthday on April 25th. Congratulations!
Secondly, I wanted to say that I was in love with the course of International Criminal Law, for its comprehensiveness in every way, but also, I was surprised by the content, quite complex but wonderful.
I loved the teaching of Professor Michel Sharf, humorous, which is captivating the student to proceed, and also, it tells people in general, that the Judge does not have an easy, glamorous life.
That it is very difficult to practice art called "Justice", which is often dangerous, sad, tiring, but also, can be funny.
One of the themes that touched me most were the crimes committed against and by children induced by adults.
Here in Brazil, I try to do research on the "Disappearance of Children" and what motives lead them to live on the streets.
I want to apologize for the English that I need to improve.
As I like Criminal Law too much, I intend to take part in other courses.
See you later,
Thank you for the opportunity.
Enviar feedback
Histórico
Salvas
Comunidade
Professor Scharf was excellent as always.  I can say that because I am a graduate of New England Law/Boston Class of 2002, his final year at that school.  I had the privilege of having him as my instructor in Public International Law in the Fall of 2001 and in International Organizations in the Spring of 2002.  I also though that the lecture topics were well chosen and presented in a logical order.  The section on Terrorism & Piracy was especially interesting.  I hope to pursue an online LLM in International Criminal Law at the University of New Hampshire School of Law.  Thanks again Professor Scharf, and I hope you and your family are well in Ohio!
The lectures and readings dovetail perfectly and take you through a very organized introduction to international criminal law. Even someone without a law background but a strong interest in international matters can understand and learn mountains from this course! Only half way through the course, and I already understand things I hear on the news about international matters, the UN, terrorism, etc. with new eyes and ears. I recommend this very high-quality course wholeheartedly.
I am writing to thank professor Michael for his great course.  I considered this class one of my favorite courses.  This class  honestly gave  me a new understanding of the world. His lectures were always so well organized, and easy to understand.His excellent teaching skills helped me a lot.I  learned so much from  professor  Michael and I look forward to learning more. Many thanks for being a remarkable teacher .best regards, Raed Bin Sadan
DOY LAS GRACIAS AL PROFR.  MICHAEL POR DARME LA OPORTUNIDAD DE PERMITIRME  REGISTRARME A ESTE CURSO QUE SI ES MUY IMPORTANTE PARA MI, POR QUE CREO QUE ME EQUIVOQUE DE PROFESION POR QUE DE ACUERDO A MI PERSONALIDAD NO ME GUSTAS LAS INJUSTICIAS Y CONSIDERO APRENDER MAS PARA TENER LAS HERRAMIENTAS PARA DEFENDER A QUIEN LO NECESITE. CREAME QUE APRENDI MUCHO Y SEGUIRE HACIENDOLO. POR QUE ME FALTA MUCHO POR APRENDER MUCHAS GRACIAS !
I really enjoyed this course. I am an Italian philosophy student so I had no previous knowledge of law or the court system. Nonetheless,  this course gave me a fantastic overview of International Law, human rights, and moral issues. Each lesson was interesting and engaging thanks to professor Scharf. Also, the material was plentiful and accurate. I definitely recommend it!
Excellent exercise of knowledge and examples of models of action of the different courts. It has helped me prepare my defense before the Colombian Court of the Justice and Peace Law, where it is intended to incriminate myself for the "Responsibility of the commander" and that point is clear here. Thank you and I hope I can do another course on this more updated topic.
This courses provided a wide perspective towards international crimes and the way international crimes are prosecuted. There's so many cases and topics that help you understand the history of issues normally invisible to the public. Perhaps visible but people maybe blinded. I learned a lot from this course. It felt like I was doing a degree course. Felt myself mature.
Absolutely brilliant course. I have done a few courses on Coursera and this is the best so far. Michael Scharf is a great teacher and makes difficult topics easy to understand and the questions during the videos help you focus and show you which bits you should re-watch.Would definitely recommend this.
The course is very informative and concise, yet it does not leave details that is necessary for nouvelle learners like me, who are interested to delve into understanding International Criminal Law.
I strongly encourage anyone who might be interested in becoming a lawyer to take this course!  I'm a high school student and I am so glad I found out about this amazing course.  So grateful!!!
This is a course that marked the start of my journey with international law  4 years ago that continues to this day. Professor Michael Scharf is a passionate lecturer that made his session as entertaining as watching a thriller with eyes wide open what will happen next. To this day I remember of of the case studies and expemples used in the course. The professor has some fascinating examples that he shares from his hands-on practice and unprecedented passion for the subject that is highly contagious  (a positive spread that we could use in the 2020 covid-19 pandemic). I highly recommend this course. 1st May 2020
I come from a non-law background but have participated in Model United Nations forums and other debates, so I've always held interest in this field. Dr. Scharf does an excellent job in covering the key points in an interesting manner, introducing plenty of case studies for reference. I did a fair amount of Googling to understand some of the Latin terms better and uncover more details about a particular case that piqued my interest. Having said that, I'd like to sincerely thank Dr. Scharf and his team for giving me a taste of what international criminal law really entails.
I am a first year law student at the University of London and this course is pertinent to my courses in international and European Community law - especially in the area of human rights. I've been in many, many law classes but none - although they were all superbly done - each in its own right - none came close to the quality of this course. I would take another course from this great legal educator any time and I recommend this course without reservations.JAMES WILLIAM GILLIAM1L University of London - International Programmes
As a lawyer myself, I think this course finds a good balance of information for both non-lawyers and lawyers; there are more technical aspects that I found really useful, such as constant references to ICTY, ICC and other Tribunals' cases. Sometimes I felt the course focused too much on US perspective, but still it was quite interesting. Definitely, Professor Scharf is extremely knowledgable and had lots of experience and stories to share, which I found as one of the most pleasant parts of the class. Thank you!!
This is the best course that I have done through Coursera. The videos and notes were very well structured, easy to read and to understand. Professor Scharf is truly a great teacher, he has an incredible knowledge of the subject and a really compelling presentation style. You wouldn't think would you that this subject could be taught in a way that is engages from start to finish. I expected it to be a bit 'dry' but Thanks to Professor Scharf it is never that, its simply brilliant and I highly recommend it.
The course was fantastic, the lectures were clear and interesting.The lecturer explained each concept while providing real examples which added to the value of this course.Overall i had a great time and learned a lot. Coming from Israel this course is actually relevant for me to understand the ICC and its procedures as well as basic terms and definitions.Thank you very much Prof. Sharf, I'm looking forward to more courses from you.-Sagi Z.
Saying that this course is interesting could be unfair. This course is EXTREMELY interesting! I'm not fluent in English but I understand almost everything. The classes are well prepared and professor Sharf looks like a really nice person. It's so developing to listen to a person who is such an expert in this area! I truly recommend this course to all lawyers, law students, and anyone who's interesting in this topic!
This program/course was excellent and inspiring. It gave me the background and knowledge structure to pursue further studies and read Professor Sharf books. Beyond my expectations! I have no words to express my gratitude to him and all the people and organizations to provide the world community with this unique opportunity to become more educated. Thank you, thank you.Dr. Guillermo Pimentel
This is a complete course with everything you need to know about introduction to international criminal law. The teaches is the best teacher!!! Great classes and super interesting, he manages to gives the whole class in a way where you just want to keep taking the class and don't get bored at any time. The best course, I definitely recommend it, you'll learn a lot. THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
This course was a real eye opener as it meticulously fleshes out 
arguments and trains participating students to take up defenses and 
analyze international criminal law blunders through its simulations and materials. The professor is undoubtedly well versed on the topic and makes sure to keep discussions interesting! Hoping to find other value-adding courses like these in the future
I`m absolutely in love with this course. It helped me to understand the main aspects of International Criminal Law which will surely be helpful in my future career as a lawyer. I suppose I found that brunch of law i`m interested in the most. The lector is very good and the whole system with video and reading materials accompanied by online-simulations and discussions is very helpful.
It was a wonderful experience learning ICL in which I was very much interested. I have gained much of the useful knowledge based on some assignments and quiz related experiences. I am very grateful to the Instructer, Case Western Reserve Unviersity and Coursera organizing this marvelous event and I am looking froward for some more fruitful courses in the coming days. Thanks all
Mr. Michael P. Scharf is the best professor ever. The way he taught us everything regarding international criminal law stays in the memory of a learner or a student forever. This was just the perfect course to learn about the international judiciary because it makes the most complex procedure so easy to learn.I'll miss Michael Sir's lecture so much, now the course has ended.
Professor Michael Scharf is a fascinating and wise teacher who really knows about how to make the lecture interesting for students. The course is well-designed and thoroughly innovative. The questionnaires are based on historic events and hypothetical circumstances that really prepares students for encountering future crimes against humanity, genocide, and war crimes. Thanks
Maybe the best course I had ever. Not only because to its material/topic, but mostly because of the way Professor Michael Scharf communicated with me as a student.I feel very lucky to get this course and definitely I recommend it to all. Especially to lawyers, judges and D.A.'s around the world.Thank you CWRU for this course.Thank you Professor Scharf.Until the next course..
Michael Scharf's teaching style is impeccable, as a Law student, I got to learn really a lot about international criminal law, which was previously a very confusing subject for me.  I really think that after completing this course, it'll take a long way in my future career. This course is a must-do for Law students who are interested in criminology and international crimes.
This course is absolutely amazing. It helped me a lot in enhancing knowledge on Prespective Of International Criminal Law also provided a lot to understand the Scope of criminal at Different level as currently I m doing my masters in comparative And critical criminal law subjects.It helped immensely throughout the course study  Thank you Michael Scharf.! and coursera.🙏
I liked this course very much, especially after the completion of third week videos , every element and and every video feels like and movie sequence and I enjoyed a lot....Thank you for providing such a great online course........I recommend every one who is reading the review to enroll the course without any doubt........THANK YOU, ONCE AGAIN.........................
This courses provided a wide perspective towards international crimes and the way international crimes are prosecuted. There's so many cases and topics that help you understand the history of issues normally invisible to the public. Perhaps visible but people maybe blinded. I learned a lot from this course. It felt like I was doing a degree course. Felt myself mature.
This course is genuinely interesting and well done.  As a non law student, but as a person very interested in the subject, I found the material well explained and presented in a way I could easily follow.  The professor is clearly passionate about this subject and that brings out a larger impact of this material.  Thank you for sharing this great class!
I really really thank you with all my heart..

I've got a lot of advantageous and expanded my lawful international law knowledge with new information which me and other Arabs lawyers cannot find it in their Arabic references.The paralegal and the legal student research in the Master degree in Syria... Najah Muhammad Maher Al-Dakkak!
I thank the representatives of the virtual course
Introduction to International Criminal Law
hoping that the course contributes to my expectations thanks to all the excellent exhibitors; I want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart for giving me this beautiful opportunity to participate in this virtual course. see you soon
I think that the lectures were absolutely perfect and I liked the reading material. Very good idea to include the introduction to international criminal law notes, especially for those who are not familiar with the subject at all. I enjoyed the fact that at the final quiz, the questions were based on a hypothetical case-study.
I really enjoy this course teachers are greate this course improved my knowledge of international law rules where they apply and why lcc  is important for safer world more than that it will teach you justices doesn't  mean  only court room it has it own spirits and it comes to live when you give it a body by lcc courts
This is a really interesting/intriguing course. An eye-opener to international law. It provides a step by step explanation on the process of International law and how to deal with international war criminals. The Professor made the ride easy, I hope to meet him one day! I totally recommend this course.
Course has been designed in a very simple, easy to understand format. I having very little legal background could appreciate the case studies, simulations  and reading material quickly speaks about the quality of course content and its presentation. Kudos to Professor for delivering this course.
Coursera, through this course and all its other ones has made learning law more experiential and interactive. The role-play exercises and simulations have made me understand Law even better than your videos did. The study material is always top-notch. Overall, the best experience in education.
This was a great course.  Professor Scharf is well spoken and engaging.  I think being responsible citizens are those who engage with and are knowledgeable about the rest of the world and how things like this work.  This course helps you understand systems most of us are very far removed from.
one of the most important courses I`ve learned ...really appreciate being in that course ...I did it one time before and now I joined for the second time to repeat it even I didn`t participate any assignments or exams ...valuable materials you should have if you are really interested in law !
Videos and readings were very clear, I appreciated the fact that our professor was very knowledgable on the subject of international criminal law. There were many different examples and case studies presented that helped further my knowledge of how international criminal proceedings go.
One of the best course I have had on this platform. The professor is very articulate in his speech and puts forward a very balanced perspective in seemingly complex case situations. Absolutely loved it and highly recommend this course to anyone interested in learning International Law.
The course has been enlightening and very helpful in guiding me towards a better grasp of International Criminal Law. The convenience of the coursera.org online learning environment also means I can do this at a pace and distance that fits in with my daily responsibilities.
absolutely outstanding MOOC; makes great use of all the possibilities of this educational media platform... relentlessly driven by a plethora of highly relevant ICC and other International Tribunal cases and Michael Scharf's undying enthusiasm for all matters criminal...
It was very helpful as it was my first online course and it was a great experience to be introduced to International Criminal Law as I was unaware of how the International Court Proceedings work. I am very thankful to Prof. Michael Scharf for making it clear and simple.
The course is definitely worth taking! You will surely obtain so much value from this course but also highly appreciate and be thankful for all that you learn within this course. It is an excellent course in general. Thank you for delivering such an amazing course!
Studying this course in the past few days has made me aware of how much I can benefit from this website. I think Michael Shalf is brilliant in the way he delivers the lectures. Great video on Nuremberg.Loving this website. I'm starting to enjoy learning again.
As far as my experience concerned, this course was of great use in our professional career and it is also very much helpful in my graduation. The learned Professor of this course deals with the vast topic of this course very gently and in a precise manner.
EXCELLENT COURSE THAT EVERY LAW STUDENT HAVE TO LEARN. THE FINAL EXAM WAS JUST AWESOME. DIDN'T EXPECT QUESTIONS OF SUCH HIGH STANDARD. LECTURE VIDEOS WERE SO INTERESTING AND UNDERSTANDABLE. PROFESSOR MICHAEL SCHARF HAS DONE AN EXCELLENT WORK. THANK YOU SIR
I will miss Sir, the way he teaches it's very easy to understand a complicated course like international criminal law. This course made me more curious about this topic. It was a great journey. I wish I could learn all the subject about law from sir. ❤️
This is a very intense study and lots of lectures that are of excellent quality. A fascinating study!Dr. Sharf, I think your test mechanism is the best I have ever seen and should be adopted on some part of the MBE.High Regards!Steve Joel Moffett, Sr.
To me, as a beginner, this course was extremely enjoyable. The  presentation  was very clear, concise and well presented with easy to understand examples. The additional simulations and reading material added to an overall enriching experience.
So interesting. Found it a really, really terrific introduction to ICL. Learned so much understanding about how all this works globally. Thank you Professor!  Every world leader needs to take this in order to learn more about his/her liability.
With no law background, I almost wreck up my brain learning this. The instructor was so knowledgeable and I really enjoy this course. Really love Criminal Law, and after this course, I gain a better understanding on International Criminal Law.
i commend this course to every legal person in any international Tribunal all over the world.be it a Judge, Lawyer, prosecution, Researchers even clerk for effective and efficiency IF, their area of specialty is not international criminal law.
I really enjoyed this course. The prof was extremely knowledgeable, enthusiastic and presented modern, relevant examples to illustrate different aspects of international criminal law. He's obviously an expert and I am going to read his book!
This is an excellent course which is both highly informative and interactive. Thank you to Michael Scharf for putting together such a formidable introduction to international criminal law. I wish he had taught more courses on Coursera.
I just loved it. The content was very interesting and easy to understand (specially for someone that hasn't studied law). Michael Scharf's explanations and real life examples were just perfect. Strongly recommended and I will do more!
I found this course really interesting. Although I did not participate in the simulations, the instructor was excellent and the reading material good. I feel like I really learned a lot about International Criminal Law and the ICC.
The course was so awesome because i learn so much and specially professor did a great job at making the questions and the discussions.the online simulation is great we critically think and look at the cases that are assigned to us
The course is very rich in details about the International Criminal Court. It is more than an introductory course. It is a wonderful source of research for future work. Congratulations, Dr. Michael Scharf e thank you so much.
This is a wonderful introductory course for international criminal law!!! There's nothing too complicated so that everyone can understand the course material well. The lecture by Professor Sharf is also very well-organized.
I really enjoyed the course. It is a very interesting, engaging, and informative course, accompanied by interesting online simulations for us to demonstrate our understanding of the materials given throughout the course.
one of the best courses i have ever taken. the way it was structured, the way it was taught, i cannot believe myself that i have actually learnt this much out of this. A short course, but worth every minute of your time.
This course opens the doors for me in the development and advancement of my professional career. It is at the forefront of international standards in the area of higher education. Thank you very much for the opportunity.
An extremely informative course. The professor has explained the topic very well and in depth. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who is interested in learning the basics of international criminal law.
Thank you to respected instructor for clearly and concisely elucidating the various aspects of international criminal law. The content and material provided was academically rich. This was a wonderful course by CWRU.
My experience for this course was excellent. It was one of the best courses I've ever had at COURSERA.  A special thanks to Prof. Michael Schwarf for teaching this good.....He is an excellent mentor to work under.
This course answers many questions that l had on my mind about the decisions of States. It has enlightened me about the actions of the ICC. Thank you for giving me this opportunity to comprehend international law.
This course is very intersting, in my university the international criminal law is not developmented however this course and its excelent teacher helped me to undertand this issue in a practical and dinamic way.
It was an amazing platform to learn about the history of international criminal along with case law. I had a great time of learning process. Thank you for providing me such a wonderful opportunity of learning😊.
I was pretty sceptical taking this course. But Professor Scharf makes the material very interesting. This gave me insights into the working of International Law very comprehensively. Recommended for everybody.
Very descriptive, engaging, and interesting. Talks about the most popular cases such as Saddam Hussein's, Osama Bin Laden's trials through analogous films, videos, and pictures to keep the learner intrigued.
Pretty good course. It not only provides you with a good understanding of the dynamics of international law, but also teaches the student about various historical cases and their political repercussions.
Totally interesting and educative! Keeps you alert till the last moment! Enjoyed so much that I did it twice! The combination of teaching, answering questions, making tests turned out to be fascinating!
It's amazing, I've learnt so many things and I haven't even completed the course (yet)! As it goes, it becomes more and more interesting, compelling to complete it and, maybe, even go for a certificate.
Only just started but absolutely loving it. I can't believe how much I have already learned!Just finished ahead of time, it was GREAT and I really would like to see another one to build up on this one!
learned so much from this course, absolutely loved it, and the way the professor taught the lessons showed his experience and his knowledge even for fist timers it would be a great course to opt for.
i learned the importance to exist an international criminal court to judge all theses crimes that can not be just judge in the domestic law, because they affect the whole world with their gravity.
It is one of the best courses I have seen, it is excellent, a graduated professor, with great experience and many studies, congratulations, have made the best course in international criminal law.
Thank you for letting us know a little of your knowledge and your patience in answering us with your valuable opinions.I send you a fraternal hug and my eternal recognition.Thank you
Really easy to follow, but the contents was not simplistic and they really added to my knowledge and understanding of the International Judicial System. Would really recommend
This course is flexible & stuffed with huge information which is really helpful to build our knowledge. Thank you very very much for providing this course.Annesha Kar Gupta
It was really interesting and informative course. I learned a lot of new information and of course I have broaden my horizons. Thank you for your efforts and this course.
Very interesting and I enjoyed the manner in which Michael Scharf taught. Additionally, I liked the course because it is very interactive and there is a lot of freedom.
I have obtained a lot of good knowledge related to International Criminal Law and I am really thankfull for www.coursera.org and of course for Professor Michael Scharf
I have taken already different courses of Coursera, and I can assure that this course ir really well developed, with deeply knowledge of both theory and case analysis.
just I want to thanks our mentor Micheal shcarf  for his tireless efforts to assist the students and stand with them to know more about International criminal law.
Course provides real knowledge about the evolution, development, and implementation of International Criminal Law practices which have occurred in the last century
I am very grateful to the instructor. This was a very well planned course which helped me understand all the basic principles of International Criminal Law.
This MOOC course is excellent. I loved the way Professor taught the International Criminal Law. I am grateful to him and heart full thanks to the Professor.
Excellent course, promotes knowledge of international criminal law in addition to initial notions of international law, I am very satisfied with the course.
It was a very informative and interesting course.I learned so much by joining this course and very thankful for this,it has enhanced my knowledge so much.
It was a fun learning experience. Especially the part where control of the court room was discussed. Great work by the Professor and University. Thanks!!
wonderful course , was very interesting and was explained clearly ,its all thanks to the professor,he made it incredibly easy to understand and analyse.
Its a great way to learn new laws regarding the crimes. Their history, what power the law possesses. Its a great course to select. Greatly recommended.
It was amazing.  Before learning these course many topic of criminal law was unknown to me now i understand these topic, specially the nuremberg trial.
Extremely interesting even when I didn`t agree with it. Mr Sharf or Sharp as he was once referred to did an excellent job. May the force be with you.
Thoroughly enjoyable, even as a student with no background in law. I very much look forward to beginning my law degree after completing this course.
A great course that is well prepared for not being too complicated nor difficult to follow as well as being interesting. Its quite good i must say.
It is one of the nest courses that I have done till now. I will surely recommend it to my colleagues. Thank you so much for this wonderful course.
This course has greatly helped  me in appreciating the principles of international criminal law and I would like say thanks a lot dear moderator.
I haven't had a lot of online courses, but in this course there was nothing to complain about. The biggest plus is the Professor Michael Scharf.
ME ENCANTÓ, FUE UNA EXCELENTE MANERA DE APRENDER SOBRE DERECHO PENAL INTERNACIONAL. LOS VIDEOS FUERON MUY CLAROS Y LA INFORMACIÓN MUY PRÁCTICA.
This course is an excellent refresher for legal professionals that would like to update their International Criminal Law knowledge. Thank you.
I really liked the course and the teacher, Michael Scharf, explains really well the basics to international criminal law and the due process.
It was fun learning this course . especially ,MR. Michael Scharf sir's lecture is amazing. Thank you cousera for providing this opportunity.
The movie clips at the beginning made me wonder if the course was going to be worth it, but once you get past that, it gets very interesting
The course is excellent, I am learning a great deal so far and enjoying it. The content is also fascinating. Thank you Professor Scharf!!!
Fantastic professor. Lots of very useful materials. Straightforward requirements. Contemporary cases. Very engaging course. Fascinating!
It was excitig and interesting. Esspecially, I thank for so many examples and true facts, which were introduced by Prof. Michael Sharf.
Amazing course, I learned the basics of a topic I am very interested in. I enjoyed it and I hope I can learn more of it in the future.
Enjoyed being a part of this course and had gained lots of knowledge about this topic and will also look forward for other courses too
This subject is very interesting.Thanks for giving me an opportunity to learn and know about this subject.It is very helpful for me.
The course was really intersting and knowledgeable . Prof.Micheal scharf teaches this course amazingly i am glad i took this course.
Incredibly insightful lectures that succeeded in presenting very complex concepts in a manner that was understandable to the layman.
Very Informative and the videos are really engaging and not boring. I liked that there are handouts which helped me to read offline
Was an excellent course thanks to Professor Michael Sharf for providing us with such valuable knowledge of international crime law.
The course was absolutely interesting with appropriate precedents to show how the law has been applied to real cases from history.
Some lectures were seemingly one sided political but they were great to understand the Law. Thank you Professor Michael Scharf.
Really beautifully explained, especially to a beginner with no Law experience, having only participated in Model United Nations
I 'm fully happy to be part of this course. Thanks the organizer and everyone that make the course possible for people like me.
it is a lot to take in, but i found that the videos made the subjects covered so much clearer in my head.Great course overall.
That is an amazing journey to International criminal law! It was very interesting and also practical course!Highly recommend!
Very usefull and well-organized course. I trully recommend this course for anyone interested in International criminal law.
wonderful programme and most important, wonderful instructor. I recommend this course for Law professors and Law students.
This course can develop skills of legal analysis of the international trials and shows the foundations for legal opinions.
Just a brilliant course to understand international law . I want to thank Mr. Micheal who presented this very beautifully
I found the course wonderful !!! The teacher is excellent, congratulations on the wisdom of teaching Michael. Thank you!
This course was very interesting and gave me detailed knowledge about international law with help of various case study.
This course was very  good and it really helped me alot to understand what going around with international  criminal law
I really have enjoyed this course a lot and learned many new concepts about Internation Criminal Law. Thank you so much
Michael Scharf is an excellent professor, I greatly enjoyed the course, which was extremely imteresting and motivating.
I observe this course with intentionally and critically , i hope i will get some vital education and necessary lessons.
It was a great experience, this course offers a lot of knowledge and learning one needs on International Criminal law.
One of the Best teachers on Coursera. This course gave me an insight into how the International Criminal Court works.
Great course! I highly recommend it to anyone interested in International Criminal Law and/or international politics.
Very informative and comprehension modules and video teachings to enhance my interests in International Criminal Law.
if you planning to learn International Criminal Law even with out law background this course will help you understand
Thumbs up for the online professors for their efforts and well explain topics about international criminal laws
Very helpful, knowledgeable, and easy to understand. Combination action of practicality and classroom teaching.
The impact of state policies on the International Court. And the difficulty of achieving international justice
Absolutely informative. Got a lot to learn from it. Thank you. Looking forward to take part in future courses.
It was interesting. The professor was great. The Final was a little much, but fair. On balance - great course.
The course was extremely relevant, with its materials easy to understand. Congratulations to the instructors.
MUY INTERESANTE, SALUDOS AL PROFESOR Y AGRADECIMIENTOS POR COMPARTIR CON NOSOTROS MUY BIEN EXPLICADO. GRACIAS
REally learned a lot from this course and feel it was a stepping stone to other law classes in human rights.
one of the best and taught course on International criminal law and the Professor deserves all the credits!
Very engaging and informative course. Thanks to both Professor Scharf and Case Western Reserve University.
Great start of the Course though hope that the video lesson has an option to download  to watch it offline
It was a very helpful course and I learned more about International Criminal Law. I highly recommend it.
Excellent course. the instructor explained the relevant things in a candid, easy to understand language.
This course increases my awareness regarding the significance of international law in our world today.
Excellent delivery by Prof Michael Sharf. I found the live cases and illustrations extremely helpful.
Very Practical course, with original materials you couldn't find anywhere else. excellent professor.
Thank you so much sir for giving me wonderful opportunity to learn about international criminal law
The course is very informative. It is made more interesting  by the instructor Mr. Michael Scharf.
This course is rich and insightful. It made me decide to take more courses in the Law discipline.
Very good, enjoyable and incredibly useful in understanding the international community's way of
I think the professor  is remarkable and all the material is absolutely good! thank you so much!
Very informative and interesting. I loved the video lectures, and the hand outs were also good.
Great learning experience. Both video and text lectures were so explanatory and interesting.
a Great course that shows you many facts and issues that existed before in ICL perspective.
Interesting topics, well explained with great examples and participation in the simulations
thanks a lot for providing such a great opty to obtain knwg abt international criminal law
The important course was faithful to many legal skills and important information Thank you
The fictional case proposed at the final step (quizz) is a really imaginative. Thank you.
It's very good!!! By taking this course, I learned lots about international criminal laws
This is a superb course to understand the basic principles of international criminal law
I am very happy to have benefited a lot to this course and thank you for the opportunity
Great course gives vision about history as well as criminal justice.100 percent usefull
i really learnt those things which was away from me and also enjoyed a lot this course.
Fantastic course! I learned a lot about the fundamentals of International Criminal Law.
This is a wonderful Course this really helpful to my future and nicely presented.Thanks
Really informative .  First hand knowledge of the course co-ordinator was very useful.
Being in the profession of physical security, I found this subject very helpful.Thanks
Great Online Course, the videos with practical examples are clear and really helpful.
Excellent source of information, clearly articulated by the professor in the videos.
The best lectures given by Sir.Michael Scharf. It is really a knowledgeable course.
This is really well done and interesting, a little tricky but truly enjoyable! :))
the Course is quite interesting. Great Course for every student of any profession.
I really enjoyed and learnt much in this interesting course, thank you very much!
wow such a inspirational course.Thank you to those who made this course possible.
Am from bangladesh.Thanks a lot Coursera for Leaned me international criminal law
For those laypersons seeking to gain understanding of the emerging International
A Very good course for an initial understanding of International Criminal Law.
I Learnt many things about Law!So How can i get my Certificate?Kindly Guide me
I enjoyed this Course, it was helpful and I learned several things Thank you !
A great course introduces you to the International Law Making Body's. Love it!
This course is amazing and everyone should try it as it clears many concepts.
very good, very interesting and stimulating. i enjoyed the course very much !
it was a very good experience in learning from a highly experienced professor
Great Learning! Thank you Professor for the wonderful course!Regards,Prakash
it is great that we hoped that if it is longer and dealt with more subjects
Intriguing, Well Explained and Informative. Extremely helpful for students.
The course is so fantastic and it open up to human rights and law i like it
Good e extensive reading material and clear and interesting video classes
excellent and interesting as it makes the learner to be a active learner
Iit was  very useful and helpful course about international criminal law
Great course, very interesting and engaging, Prof Scharf is exceptional.
EXCELLENT COURSE,
VERY UNSUITABLE TOPIC. THE SPEAKER EXPLAINS VERY WELL.
Excellent and was very helpful for the flourishing of a budding lawyer.
It was very good experience for me for doing this course from Coursera.
I love this course so much. It helped me a lot in my field. Thank you.
Difficult at times to wrap your head around it, but really interesting
Excellent course. Very interesting. Really enjoyed every moment of it
One of the most interesting online courses I have ever taken part in!
This course is very helpful for understanding the international laws
This was an excellent course and I learned a lot of things from it.
It was a very interesting course full of new experiences. I love it
Great teacher, excellent explanations, I really loved this course.
Very eleborative and interesting subject as a law student pursued
Such an amazing course! Great instructor as well! Learned a lot!!
A very comprehensible course . Reding material was very thorough
I didn't received my certificate after completing the course 😥
Excellent explanations and examples. It was worth every minute.
excellent course about to criminal law and the best professor.
My name is Vincent Stanley Pershad, born into the Netherlands
highly recommended for people who want to learn criminal law
I liked it a lot is very interesting and you learn too much
Very impressed by the content and delivery of the program.
Excellent course for learning International Criminal Law.
Great training course, all thanks and appreciation to you
wONDERFUL LECTURES AND NOTES...THANKYOU SO MUCH pROFESSOR
The best course on coursera.org. I hope it will continue.
highly useful     especially the professor is great.....
It was a very useful and very enjoyable lesson for me.
This was a nice course with great examples. Thank you.
Awesome course and we have learnedNew things about law
Excellent course, very interesting and  well designed.
One of the most interesting law courses I've studied.
Thank you for this magnificently resourceful course!
Enjoyed the course. Very interesting and insightful.
Am most delighted to complete this course of study.
Great, interesting, engaging and fascinating course
Best Course and very important to every law student
I like the dynamic teaching style of the professor.
It was a very educational and constructive lesson.
I learned a lot from this course. Really grateful.
very informative course by Case Western University
It was very useful.I learned a lot of new things.
Persistent and patient as my moto for life now ;)
excellent, complete, didactict and very exciting
Incredible course, thanks to Proffessor Scharf.
OMG! Thats Amazing eer .Just Loved Coursera ..!
Thanks for sharing this amazing course with us.
Thank you Prof. Scharf for a wonderful course!
Fantastic intro to a fascinating field of law.
Please send me certified from Course learning
It's very good and the professor is excelent!
Excellet course, thanks for offering for free
Very well structured and highly interesting !
It was a truly astounding course. Thank you!
Amazing course, very interesting and useful.
Great course for any lawyer or law student.
The best ever and the teacher is wonderful
I'm So Loving This  Be Driven  For Success
this course was really boost my knowledge
Very interesting and informative course.
very important course for law students
Very interesting and well made course!
It is an amazing course! Thank you!!!
Very nice experience .. thank you ..
Great Mentor, Outstanding Experience
Thank you ..Nice class Simple model
Course is timely and very relevant.
It was a good learning experience.
A fantastic course! Thaks a lot!
Great course, interesting topics
Amazing course, I learnt a lot!
Informative and exciting course
Crisp, informative and brief!!
Very intersting and complete !
It is a very important course
Great teacher and great class
this is the best class for me
Excellent! Highly recommended
A very well explained course
brilliant method of teaching
Informative and interesting!
very interestingly taught!!
a great leaning experience
iT WAS AN AWESOME JOURNEY
good course,learnt a lot
BEST COURSE I EVER TOOK!
Enjoyed every lessons .
Nice Course i loved it
JUST A WORD..EXCELLENT
Its really Excellent.
Good excellent ideas
easy and informative
Amazing opportunity
It was just awesome
Amazingly insiteful
There are fewintesr
Excellent coaching
Its a Great Course
Incredible course
I really like it.
its awsome course
Taught me a lot!
Perfect course.
very beautiful
Learned Alot
It was good
Beat one
