Excellent course content that is delivered in an interactive format. The material is applicable to the practice of healthcare professionals caring for individuals suffering from substance use disorder and mental health. Furthermore, the course is delivered by an integrated team which is reflective of where care and treatment of SUDs should be.
Very informative. This course gave lots of information and strategy’s through interviews. My disappointment came after I put so many hours in taking this course in very seriously in order to increase my education just to read non credit on the certificate. I take many certification courses that are much less detailed and less formal (no tests) and they don’t print that . I feel this six week course deserves to be a credited Course. It has a large amount of learning and study time involved making it deserving. Thank you for increasing my knowledge base.
There is an abundance of quality, researched, and well-structured information given in this course. It would have helped to have some medial background to complete some aspects of the course, but I enjoyed learning more about SUD diagnosis, referral, and history.
I really enjoyed the course and especially the open discussion. The only drawback is the lack of Canadian information and maps but due to it being an American courses, it is understandable.
Please have more racially diverse medical health participants in the discussion forum and  add two non-health professionals with lived experiences with addiction participate in the forums.
I enjoyed this course and I would advise a lot people to use this course. I wish there was more racial diversity besides that one black woman doctor in the role play.
I wish it was made more easily accessible for those that want an introduction to substance use.
very Helpful in understanding the prevalent treatment methods and options.
I would appreciate knowing the correct answers to some questions.
Excellent, but to Us centered.
Definitely a must for modern treatment approaches, education on stigma reduction in healthcare settings, and perspectives of addiction treatment from an interdisciplinary perspective. The course is heavier on the physician perspective, however, as a professional counselor, I found it to be very helpful.
I thought I knew what substance use disorder looked like. I feel significantly more comfortable providing care to patients with SUD. The course was comprehensive, and I learned a lot about how to communicate with SUD patients, as well as how to select different treatment options. Thank you!
This was a very beneficial course for my work in the primary care setting. It has given me skills to further evaluate substance use disorder and addiction. I feel I can better serve the patients I see in my community.
Excellent information and course format. Thanks for giving me the opportunity to take it!
Program was user friendly, informative, and straight-forward with information.
Very thought provoking and insightful
I've got an offer to enroll your course when the quarantine started. I'm really glad that I did because I really liked it. I appreciate your humanist approach and I think a lot of the facts and opinions you have used I will use in the future when talking to people who don't really get why we should people with SUDs. I also appreciate that I've got an insight to the American realities because it is a bit different here in Europe, I'v got to say that sadly we are kind of behind you in terms of wide range of your programs. However we have more accesible healthcare...:)
Thank you coursera and Yale. I get many benefits by join this course. as a beginner in addiction program, I get new skill and knowledge so I can facilitate my client with addiction properly. I hope I can join others course with the same or different topics. Your material about policy and drug legal issues, I must adjust to drug policies in Indonesia. There are many differences.
This course is great as I bridge my education from RN to NP. It's a holistic picture of the care of a patient with a substance use disorder. I especially enjoyed how there were educational parts and then interactive parts/interviewing and illustrating interactions with patients. This is extremely useful as sometimes the toughest part is approaching the topic with patients.
I am so grateful with The Yale University and these wonderful professors to share  this course through Coursera, because I have received training with the best quality. It has enriched my professional and personal formation with an  integral and interdisciplinary perspective
This course was very well structured. It covered all aspects of Substance Use Disorders. The psychosocial and behavioural therapies were also discussed in detail. This course is designed perfectly to fit the needs of a budding Clinical Psychologist.
Beyond expectations!!!It felt as if I was right there in my class. Amazing video- content and quality both. the team is so good at its job that it was worth every penny. Thank you so much and hope to have more courses like this.
Loved this course! It was both helpful and informative! I hope there are more courses like this that pop up for healthcare providers to better their skillset on the newly emerging troubleshoots in healthcare!
I have been working in the field for nine years at an NGO, the last three of whom are trained psychologists. This course alluded to me about many facts to improve my knowledge.
This is a terrific course that challenges personal biases and educates the learner regarding care in terms of medications and treatment assessments, options, plans and more
This course was so informative!  The content was very well presented, and I highly enjoyed it.  This information is very useful to me as a peer support specialist.
This is an excellent course for anyone in the healthcare setting trying to get a general understanding of how to treat, evaluate, and help patients with SUD.
This course should be required viewing for every physician and other practitioners who interact with patients with substance use disorders. very well done!
Thanks for this course, its really helpful for me and i got more knowledge about the treatment of substance use disorder. The lecturers were amazing.
Engaging, downloadable handouts are extremely helpful, mock scenarios are very realistic and helpful for future handling of real-life situations.
Very engaging. Obviously a lot of time and thought went into developing this course. Will help me in my future career as a psychiatrist.
The course was amazing ! I learn information that other courses do not emphasize on, this course is loaded with valuable information.
Provides a lot of clinically relevant information to help screen, diagnose and support the treatment of substance abuse disorders.
This course enhanced previous knowledge and provided new information  to my job as a Substance Abuse Counselor.  Great course.
WONDERFUL TRAINERS. EXCELLENT TEACHING METHOD EVEN A LAY MAN CAN UNDERSTAND IT NICELY. THANKS FOR THE COURSE.ITS VERY USEFUL!
Very informative, course, with easy to follow videos and reading throughout, with active forums, and comprehensive exams!
Excellent course. Full of immediately applicaple information. Will revisit it to glean more from the packed content.
Detailed explanation. Good examples. The questions in the quiz are application based, thus very helpful.
Exceptional course - very many thanks for the thoroughness and the obvious competence of the instructors
Very helpful and detailed, progressive learning and practical cases to study.A great course! Thank you
I am a Registered Nurse and I truly loved this course. Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge!
Great course, useful content that is adequately supported with assessments and panel discussions.
Very helpful! The approch is amazing. The course helped me to write my monography. I'm grateful.
This is the best online course I have had. Every aspect of it was detailed and simplified.
An abundance of clinically important material presented in a concise and engaging manner.
Very informative, highlighted critical points for healthcare providers to understand.
Fantastic course! I recommend it to all healthcare providers, also medical students!
Interesting, informational and practical. I really appreciated this course a lot.
Great introduction for a population I want to work with in social work practice.
Very useful and insightful course. Was above expectations and was very engaging
Information provided, videos, interactive parts all make this course engaging.
I've learned more about addiction, even more about prescribing medications.
Very comprehensive and worth the time for anyone in the healthcare field.
very nice course. really beneficial and skill developing course.
Learnt a lot from the course. Very useful and more informative
Awesome course! Well organized and paced for the beginner.
Please upload my certificate with signature in pdf format
learned more than i ever thought was possible about SUD!
I really enjoy this I learned so much I very greatfull.
One of the best courses I had taken in Coursera.
Very helpful, organized, and engaging. Loved it!
very comprehensive, well presented and relevant
Very informative course. I learned a ton.
thank you for this amazing opportunity
Outstanding course...thanks... :-)
It was very engaging and helpful.
I liked very much! great course.
Very Good Course about Addiction
Highly informative and relevant
Loved it; learn plenty from it
Excellent wide-ranging course.
Very helpful and informative.
informative and relay helpful
Very informative, rather long
Informative and well-designed
I learned a lot. Thank you
Well constructed course,
Awesome learning tool!
Very good structure.
Good easy to follow explanations.  the instructors' commitment to teaching about compassionate evidence-based methods to assist patients to get into treatment and also help their loved ones is very inspiring to me. The exercise to locate n make a map of local services for substance use disorders is also really useful. The professionals' perspective on various topics are great for me to understand how the various therapies and medications are used by different health care providers.
Exceptional program. Information shared was up-to-date (including impact of Covid-19), covering physical, mental, social, psychological and spiritual aspects of the human condition and substance use. Education videos were direct and prudent. Quizzes tested ones ability to apply what learned in each module. Would recommend this course for anyone with interest in Substance use and management.
This is one of the best Courser courses I have listened to. A very rich, informative program. I liked the integrative multidisciplinary approach and the humanistic concept underneath. Good presentation, extra materials. I really liked the cases - the lecturers played like real actors! very clear and believable.
Many thanks to the creators for this course!
It was a wonderful learning experience that integrated not only the requisite skills but also the various limitations in the field, a proper and comprehensive understanding of which will enable current and future providers in the field to give their absolute best.
The course was very informative! It was my first one and I learned a lot. It was very well structured and covered all of the important topics. I'm glad I selected this one.
I consider the interdisciplinary work that is carried out really important, in addition to obtaining adequate detailed information on the treatment of addiction.
Another excellent course from Yale University. This course was engaging and informative , it was a pleasure to complete.  Thank you all involved.
The best online training that I have ever participated in. Can't wait to get my certificate and enrol in other courses. Highly recommend it
Well constructed and thorough. I learned many new things, or expanded my knowledge in things I was already aware of.
this course was very helpful for me and very useful for my carer, i am glad to enrolled this course
I've learnt a lot about addiction, and I would like to give my instructors 100%.
Insightful, detailed and in-depth course. Easy to learn and gain knowledge.
Feeling amazing after finishing this course ....Thanks ,, instructor's ....
It was really good! It's helped me a lot with my job as a psychologist.
Amazing programme . Strongly urge everyone to undergo this.
One course very useful, actual, human and evidence-based.
Amazing, every health care provider should know this!
very nice  platform to learn new finding with videos
excellent lectures and video classes . thank you .
I like the course and it's very useful
Great course.  Lots of relevant inf
Great content and pretty dynamic
Really appreciated this course!
Very nice course! Amazing!
Very comprehensive!!
really helped me
