I am suspicious of your test. They re not always truthful.
A very good
course for non-lawyers or lawyers from outside the common law system. Allows to
understand the basics of the US contract law. A great opportunity to take a
different look on contracts - other than the continental Europe perspective
.
Great course and easy to follow. Would love the readings to be a little more of a summary rather than the whole case but nevertheless an amazing set up!
Good explanations. Progression of course made sense. The in video quizzes, post lesson quizzes, and mastery tests were helpful in reinforcing the learning. Being able to download the readings was also helpful to follow along with the video lectures.
I enjoyed the class, it was very engaging and very informative. I gave it four instead of five stars, only because i had to log on to a computer to do the final when it would have been easier for to to do it on my IPad, that is only issue.
It was really an wonderful journey. Thank you to the coursera for providing me with the financial support to complete this course. Also thank to Yale University for providing this amazing lecture.
I really enjoyed this course.  It helped me successfully complete my CPCM certification with NCMA.
The cases are interesting and gives a brief introuduction of the american contract law
Sort of difficult 6th Week is very difficult to pass the exam.
Very interesting course! There could be translations, though.
Good start in contract law.
Exceptional course! Loved it. Would highly recommend.
I absolutely loved this course. It was more challenging than most Coursera Courses, and I had to dedicate more time and focus intently while in it. I learned a great deal however, and have already been able to apply some of what I learned to real world situations. It was more in depth than Contract Law 1 at my University. I think it could be well complimented if only Yale offered a Moot Court through Coursera as well.
Excellent course and the speaker was outstanding. He made the subject matter very reasonable to understand and he had excellent communication skills. I did have to back up the video several times as i wanted to obtain the essence and understanding of his lecture.If I was to go to law school I would want this gentleman to be my contract teacher.
Excellent professor with detailed but understandable explanations of sometimes, complex topics. Highly recommended.
This course was very interesting to me! I learned many things about contracts! Perfect!!!!
A very good overview of principles of contract law.  A great refresher course.
One of the most helpful legal instruments I’ve learned from this course is that although many of us for practical purposes would not read all the terms and conditions on most websites or online transactions, a legally useful and time-saving way to gauge the credibility of a site which is bound under the U.S. jurisdiction is to observe how transparently its terms and conditions are displayed. According to an American common law provision recorded in clause 211(c) of the Restatement (Second) of Contracts (1979), if one party designs/displays a term in such a way they know that the other party will be unlikely to read in full, that term will not be enforceable. A further insightful idea to constrain the abuse of customers’ trust of the reasonability of online terms and agreements as well as their limited time resources has been proposed by Professor Ayres  and Professor Schwartz in their law-review article ‘The No-Reading Problem in Consumer Contract Law’ in 2014 (available at http://www.stanfordlawreview.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2014/03/66_Stan_L_Rev_545_AyresSchwartz.pdf).  In short, they proposed the requirements for online sites to add a warning box containing the most unexpected and unfavorable terms in their contractual offer, basing their argument on the presumption that most consumers would have been familiar with other standard terms in the market they are engaging with. Some natural questions I could think of would be 1. How to quantitatively determine the benchmark on which term(s) being ‘unexpected’ and ‘unfavorable’ enough so that they are legally required to be in those warning boxes? In other words, how to determine the minimum required terms in such boxes? 2. Should there be an upper limit of how many terms could be contained in those warning boxes? (to prevent bad-faith sites from saturating all those boxes with unnecessary terms to overwhelm customers but still nominally meet the requirement)3. As new forms of services and products are coming up online fast and faster, if quantitative limits could ever be set for question 1 and 2, how are those standards going to be adapted to new markets/new industries? (This question may be particularly relevant if the initiative is to be extended to civil-law jurisdictions which may not enjoy the benefit of constantly-evolving case laws like the American judicial tradition.)Any inputs or constructive criticism would be more than appreciated!
The course allowed me to acquire concepts on contract formation, valid offers, the extent of consideration as a contractual element, notions of default and mandatory provisions, the different scenarios that may play to allege promissory estoppel, through the analysis of famous cases and renowned judges' findings. All of it engagingly explained by the instructor in videos. I found the readings a bit long and convoluted, not per se but maybe due to my own personal circumstances. It would perhaps be useful if the end-of-module questionnaires could have links to the relevant cases so that one could consult or revisit the case in question before answering, when in doubt, without leaving the questionnaire form. Otherwise, a good foundation to understand the ins and outs of contract law.
The Course on American Contract Law I, has been extremely informative, dealing with the fundamentals on American contract law. Starting with the basic rules, principles and theorems on contract law, the course also enunciates the various stages of Contract Formation and explains the sense and the various interpretation(s) of the term(s) of contract law namely, Offer, Counter Offer, Acceptance, Consideration, Quasi Contracts, Promissory Estoppel, Irrevocable Offers, etc, through the most relevant case laws.My most sincere thanks to Prof. Ian Ayres and his team, along with Coursera  for this course.
I've completed dozens of courses, on Coursera & FUN platforms, in English & French, and I have to admit, this one, so far, is simply the best! Why? It's  based on self-dev principle,  lazer-focused on transforming knowledge into skill set and is not polluted by useless time-wasting peer assignments. The only downside  is video low resolution pics, but it ain't no dealbreaker. Kudos to the Prof, the way to go!
Very insightful. very well organized with thorough analysis to each classical cases in contract law history. Professor also provide insights from economic and policy perspective to help understand the logic behind a specific legal choice and the potential profound influence a case may impose to the entire society and to commercial practices.
It is an invaluable course. It teaches the
basics of contracting required for a decent citizen to respect personal as well
as others rights. If want to know when your promise can cause legal
consequences or learn the discipline of reading your mail and take actions to
decline unwanted terms and conditions imposed by others then GO AHEAD!!!
This course is informative,indepth, exciting and interesting. Dr. Ian Ayers plays a pivotal role as law professor. I am honored to have taken this eye-opening course and I look forward to taking American Law Part II. One of my favorite parts of this class was providing research for the cases. T. Younger T. Dyanne Younger
Professor Ayres is engaging and detailed about the nuances and formation of the multiple contracts and cases studied. He is thorough and showed the multifaceted applications of interpretation due to time or perspective, as well as the concrete and sometimes not so obvious foundations of those contracts.
This is my second course taught by Professor Ayers.  He is engaging, knowledgeable and is able to break down the most difficult court decisions so students can better grasp the reasoning and logic utilized therein.  I look forward to learning more in American Contract Law II and beyond.
I was very pleased to take this course. The introduction to American Contract Law has been of great utility in my everyday profession and I can only aspire to continue learning of a different legal system than the one employed in my country.
This was a lot more than I expected! It was a serious and heavy introduction to contract law that is not shy to go deep into each case. I feel there was a lot more substance to this course than the advertised "beginner" label. Thank you!
This is a great opportunity to understand the basics of contracts under the U.S. legal system. This is a very helpful course to enhance the students vision on contracts, even for Lawyers foreigners to the Common Law such as myself.
This course was excellent, it was exactly hat I needed training for at my current job. I work as a civilian, government contractor and it met every little mark, to meet my needs in understanding contracting more efficiently.
Remarkable introduction to contract law, which also gives useful insights into the general philosophy of American law, as compared to other legal systems, with a strong focus on the law and economics approach.
Interesting course and I learned a lot of contract law. However I do wish if there is basic structure on contract law before the cases so that students can map out a path to learn. Thank you very much Ary.
This was a great course. I truly enjoyed it. The subject matter was presented in a way that was easy to grasp but also forced the learner to consider each case in its entirety and the outcomes thereof.
This course is an interesting, entertaining, and informative introduction to the prerequisites to contracting. I really enjoyed it and look forward to building on the foundation it provides.
An outstanding introduction with a very engaging instructor! This course made me think, and it made me come to terms with the legal underpinning of contract law. Completely worth my time.
Very informative and basic knowledge of the American Legal system, a 'bit' different from the Code Napoleon. Enjoyed learning your course which I highly recommended.
Thank you for this informative course.  I found week 1 required the most effort and then the contents and cases become easier to understand as the weeks past.
This dude knows his stuff. Definitely recommend, do note that he more teaches how to read contracts and not necessarily write them, can still very much help.
I enjoyed this course. It was very broken down in a simple detailed informative process. It actually felt as if I was in a class room setting with videos.
The course was totally taking advantage of the unknown benefit of being 100% online! I could finish it alone, remotely, yet still satisfactorily.
It was so much better than I thought it was going to be, I learnt a lot of things that I as a person of other law system didn’t know.
Amazing course! Professor Ayres is quite clear and captivating in examining and discussing all topics. I strongly recommend it.
I enjoyed the course and the professor's lecture style. He made the course very engaging.  I hope to see him at Contract II.
Interesting course, challenging and informative.  Great instructor and content was applicable to today's contract theories.
Outstanding course, really excellent! Very happy for this opportunity and strongly recommend taking this course.
I was hoping for a course like this when I completed the toolkit course. Now it is here and it is excellent!
Excellent Course! Thx to Coursera for making it possible and of course the prestigiuos university of Yale.
Excellent couse. I highly recommend it to all who are interested in learning the American contract law.
This was an excellent course. I can readily apply the knowledge gathered. Thanks Professor Ayers.
I found the entire course very interesting and would not say anyone part was least valuable.
This was an excellent class that was very informative. I will be taking the second section.
Thanks Professor Ian. You always make complicated subjects/themes seem not so complicated!
Great course, the instructor was easy to understand, and the material was well-selected.
very engaging, informative and enjoyable lectures, mashallah. Thanks to the instructor.
Very interesting class.  Really enjoyed it and it is quite helpful in my current role.
Excellent overview of American Contract Law!  I highly recommend this Yale course!
I have learned so much in this course. I like the format and reading material.
Very interesting. Enjoyable. Crystal clear explanations. EXCELLENT! Thank you.
Great course! I learned a ton from reading the cases and watching the videos.
Extremely informative introduction to American contract law through case law.
This is an extremely sound overview of contract law for newbies like me
Professor explains and discloses the essence of the issue perfectly
Thank you very much for this course. Very interesting and helpful!
Excellent course, a lot of interesting and usefull content
This is a great course for anyone interested in the law.
it was a very informative and a very interesting course
Amazing course, full of in-depth information, loved it.
Excellent Professor and great relatable cases
an excellent course! I learnt a lot from it.
loved it cant wait to start Contract law 2
Thoroughly enjoyable and well presented.
Very good course and very interesting.
very useful course, great teacher
very useful and well explaned
thanks a lot for everything!
Great course by any measure!
Hard but very interesting!
Very Great Class
