I dont found what I have expected from the course .explanation is very prolonged .Very formal way of lectures .I hope it can be improved to make it more valuable. Also instead of watching other students answering the professor questions ,I think short assignments during the video will be better Thank you
It is a comprehensive course, covering a broad range of topics and you can get a glimpse of nearly every subjects concerned with Global Health. Yet, the classes are very monotonous, not dynamic at all. The information is transmitted in the the same way every single class and after 3 or 4 classes into the course it starts getting boring and repetitive. Besides, in my opinion, many of the recommended articles are not relevant. The time dedicated to each reading is always way over underestimated as it will take you much more time than planned to go through everything if you wish to go that deep. The recommended book is very good though.
Note: I did not make it past week 1. In my opinion, the focuss is mainly on the USA and therefore to me does not address global health to the extent I would love to see it. This course is relevant if you are from the USA, but I deem it to be not very interesting for people outside the USA. Also, I was not a big fan of the reheased class interactions. A positive point is the teacher who clearly has knowledge about the topic.
Too basic I think. A bit old, need a second version.
a very detailed, informative course that opens your eyes to the multiple sides of global health. However, some of the content and resources are out of date or unavailable.
Good introduction, but very easy to pass.
The course offered  a detailed view about general health problems on a broad areas. From the course, we gain experience in some strategic thinking materials to design better health systems and take decisions to improve global health
This is the first time I've ever preferred to read the attached material rather than listen the the lectures. The quizzes are common knowledge and you don't have to listen to the lectures to answer them, 9/10 I got 80-100% on my first trial. What was of interest to me in this course was the articles, I firmly believe that the more abreast you are in research and improvements or lack there of in what ever field the better and more well rounded you would be. I always ask for more reading material and I never get it, this time, I had more than I anticipated but now after doing the quizzes out of self-interest and self-improvement I'm going back to finish reading all the articles in this MOOC.
I would have liked if some of the discussion prompts were mandatory. I answered a few but ultimately felt discouraged to answer most due to the lack of responses by peers. I would have enjoyed reading others' comments. However, I believe many, including myself, may not have answered discussion prompts because they all could have been answered using the videos. I think more students would respond if the prompts required critical thinking and analysis (e.g. using the vizhub visual to provide answers, which could be done for required quantitative questions too).
Great overview of global health and the different issues in global health.The main con of this lecture is the sloppily written transcript and subtitles, with no paragraphing, lots of spelling errors and words that sound the same but are totally wrong. Futurelearn's transcripts are very professionally done and easy to follow.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course, however, was unable to access chapters in the course textbook recommended each session for reading.  I found this to be a disadvantage and frustrating.I also wondered why the data was so dated and feel I'm not  really up-to-date with the latest global figures.  Thank you.
A nice course which introduce the basic and the fundamentals of global health from several aspects, which is quiet easy for the freshmen to get a good start up to know more about the global health field.
Very well designed course , which provides key messages on global health by an experienced teacher.I will definitely benefit from the knowledge gained in my career.
Its a good course but some of the link and resources given in the courses are broken. Apart from that it is overall a nice and informative course.
This was an excellent way of getting a high quality update of the main issues in global health today.Very enjoyable, thank you Mr. Skolnik!
Nice presentation of information overall on global health. I learnt a lot. However, a lot of recommended reading links are not working.
Informative but very long and some portions are boring and redundant. There are far too many quizzes to answer!
This course is very informative and I have learned a lot of things from this course.
I loved the way the course was delivered. I learned a lot more about Global Health
Coursare is avey big flatforms nd it is useful to us i njoyed the course.
This course is very engaging and informative. I love every bit of it.
it is good course for who is interested in global health.thanks
the reading material that was provided was not available
Concept of public healthEssential of global health
Great essentials course with clear objectives
Very Interesting Course to Learn.
This is the BEST course I've ever taken on Coursera! It's very complete, covers a very wide range of topics, has tons of mandatory and additional references for reading, the Prof. is very good at teaching, the visual production and materials are impeccable and the fact that it almost makes you feel like if you were sitting there in the very same classroom is an aspect that other courses should try to implement. It would be awesome if peer reviewed essays were required for this course.  If you want to learn about global and public health, this is the best way to introduce yourself to those topics.
Magnificent course! I enjoyed every lectures by Professor Skolnik because the course was designed to be very rich in detail and scientific research from WHO, but with warm atmosphere and very simple/forgiving Quizzes for knowledge check through-and-through. Taking this course during the pandemic lockdown really helps with understanding of the disease and its implications and effects to our world and health. Even for someone like me who is not in scientific workfield.One thing to be fixed would be that some Reading material link either does not work or, in Professor's Skolnik's text cases, does not exist on that website anymore.
This course was very informative and easy to follow & understand. I have no background in global or public health but taking this course really helped me understand the topic better and grow m interest in the field. I definitely recommend this course to anyone who has an interest in global health.
It was one of the best courses I have done on coursera.Also the instructor explains detailed subject matter very well which makes it easier to understand the subject.Certainly a 10\10 for the course !
A significant topic for everyone, because health issues affect everyone. I was updated on the burden of disease issues, introduced me to new concepts, and learned more about efficient health systems, key ideas in public health/global health from different perspectives, and the health challenges that need to be addressed by governments and the global community. It's a relatively lengthy course, but it's worth it and I feel fulfilled to have completed it. This is a very good course, with a very knowledgeable instructor and author Prof. Skolnik. This is for those who want to be active in the healthcare scene--community, national, or global, as well as for those who just want to gain more insights and awareness on healthcare issues and how we could better protect ourselves from diseases and disabilities, among others.I would like to explore more about public health/global health after taking this course. I've always been interested in such topics. Thank you, Yale University, Coursera, and Class Central, for this learning opportunity!
Richard was thorough and very practical. His course content cut across a lot of disease states and also included teachings from  professionals from very important and essential health bodies/ agencies; people who had been/ still are on the field in different parts of the world.I'll encourage those who can to take time in going through the course and actively participate in the discussions as well.Thank you Richard!
By far, one of the best course I have taken. I like how Professor Skolnik discussed each lesson throughout the whole course with vignettes in relation to the topic. Only the problems are some of the links to the readings are dead. But overall, still a great course to take. I learned a lot!
A really comprehensive overview of the different areas of health - not just limited to the physical (diseases), but including accidents and injuries, mental health, nutrition, etc.Really enjoyable course, good content, well-paced and excellent range of assessment materials.
Very engaging course. I have gained in-depth knowledge on addressing issues that affect health globally. I recommend this course anytime, anywhere..
Essential of Global Health is an interesting and cross cutting course of all aspects of global and public health.I have learnt amazing issues ranging from what people get sick, disabled, and die from to some topics on communicable and non communicable diseases, and lots more.Most importantly, it is very crucial for anyone interested in working within the field of global health, especially in low and middle income countries, where the epidemiological transition is growing very high and communicable diseases are also issues of both public and global health concern.Thank you Professor Scolnik for your efforts in ensuring that we gain up-to-date knowledge and skills in the field of global health.
Definitely a 101 course on Global Health which you should take in case you're interested in the topic and want to kick-start that enthusiasm. Or maybe if you just want to dedicate several hours to the topic in order to have a global awareness of such a relevant matter in Health.I applied for Financial Aid due to my interest in the course and, after knowing I had been accepted, I took some 7 days of intensive learning to complete the course, while also reading the suggested Global Health 101, which I believe was very positive.I can't enough to Coursera and Yale University for this opportunity, which I will surely share among people with similar interests!
I so much enjoyed the course. A big thank to the pilot of this Essentials of global health.I have learnt greatly well and ready to exploits more knowledge in future and put already acquired knowledge to work.There are rooms for improvement to end/reduce global health challenges.I strongly hope for more prospects for African countries and South Asia to overcome their rigorous health issues.Global health need more attention for  effectiveness hand of management and control towards achieving the world dreams
I am glad I got through it despite my tight schedules. It was very helpful in keeping my mind updated with the events and challenges that face our daily lives. With the knowledge I have acquired, I'm ready to apply them anytime I come in contact with a problem. Thank you Yale university for this awesome privilege, I never in my dreams believed I will have this opportunity to conclude a course in one of the ivy league institutions
Thank you for providing this course. It is an excellent overview of Global Health, providing really valuable insights on the health of different populations, different geographies and how to potentially address the most urgent issues. Thank you to  Prof. Skolnik and the students appearing in the videos. This was really an almost-live classroom atmosphere, highly appreciate your dedication to providing such an engaging course.
RICHARD YOU ARE A VERY GOOD TEACHER THAT PASSES ON KNOWLEDGE CREATIVELY. I LOVE YOUR CLASS (THOUGH FIRST TIME LEARNING GLOBAL HEALTH) I LOVE THE INTERACTION IN THE CLASS WITH THE STUDENTS AND ESPECIALLY THE UPDATED GRAPHICS WITH STATISTICS.EVEN WITH NO PRIOR KNOWLEDGE IN PUBLIC HEALTH, ONE WILL LEARN SEAMLESSLY. I COMPLETED MY CLASS IN  LESS THAN A MONTH. THANK YOU YALE UNIVERSITY FOR THIS OPPORTUNITY.
I really liked it a lot, I didn't know I would be interested in the whole Global Health bizz. yet I was drown to it. I couldn't stop studying, I might pursue another career. I think as a human you are obligated to take care of other people. If I can make an impact like this, I would. So thank you for this opportunity, I am ever so grateful that thanks to you I have found more knowledge.
I cannot praise this course too highly - it is simply superb. The lecturer is brilliant - very knowledgeable, and someone who puts the material across with great clarity and enthusiasm.  The 10 weeks are well arranged and providing one works hard, you come away feeling quite an expert on the subject.  I have enrolled in quite a few MOOCs over recent years, but this is by far the best.
Overall a good course with a very broad coverage of many different topics. However, there were certain things I did not like, such as the bad quizzes (when there was an answer "all of the above" it is almost always the correct one and I didnt even had to read the question.) and the faked conversations between the professor and the students. Not a fan of it.
I found this class to be incredibly interesting and enjoyed the discussion prompts. I felt that the quiz questions appropriately addressed the main points of each week. The instructor was very engaging to the students in the lecture videos and asked questions that were relevant to the course material.
I really love this course and glad I participated in it. A lot of information and refreshing topics. Thank you professor for your impact in the global health and special thanks for the interviews especially Dr Peter Hortez ( he is one of the expert panel in COVID-19 discussion in the cable tv)
I wish to especially thank the professor. He explained a lot of difficult concepts well and I was enthused to continue and finish this course because of him. This course gave an excellent overview of the salient points pertinent to global health and this serves as a great primer to topic.
Mr.Skolnik kept the course very engaging and light while still being able to deliver key details. The setting in which other students are included in the online course immerses the viewer, making the transition from a regular traditional classroom to an online course as very easy.
If i may, i highly recommend this course for those interested in Global Health studies and career.  I learnt a lot from Professor Skolnick, read from Lancet commission, The Global burden disease compare, the World Health Organization and other entities.  It is a good course.
This is more informative , convenient and Easily available course That is best in a lot of aspects of life either personal, financial or behavioural life. If ever i would have a similar opportunity to get it i will definitely try to approach it in my first possibility.
This course was extremely informative,  well presented and enjoyable. I feel that I have a lot more knowledge about global health after taking part in this course and I'd like to thank Coursera and Yale University for allowing me to take part in this superb course.
learned a lot about global health but it seems a lot of these concepts and trends are a no-brainer. Of course, there is a huge problem with obesity  globally, but it doesn't state the obvious about how to fix the problem i.e. getting more exercise, nutrition etc.
One of the best courses I have ever taken. I'm doing MPH at Essex University and Richard Skonlik's "Global Health 101" is the essential reading throughout the first module. This course is very supportive, relevant and essential for health care specialists.
Great experience. It was my first ever online course and I am glad I chose this course. Dr. Richard has a really good grasp on his field of expertise and now I can very well engage in conversations about this topic with confidence and knowledge.
I really enjoyed this course. It covered a broad range of topic and I think it also provided the adequate depth. I highly recommend it if you want to learn more about a wide range of global health topics or to refresh your knowledge.
Engaging professor , great visual aid and world class content. I'm now anble tom decipher public health issues, identify top industries and organizations and also suggest solutions to Public health issues.You SHOULD take this course.
Great course if you are interested in learning the basics of global health and the current situation around the globe. This course gives you a broad perspective on the topic and a set of skills to work on solving global issues.
This course needs more, more information, I didn't learn much, a lot of the things that are explained here are very common knowledgeIt will look good on the cv, but be much better structured and it could be more interesting
Altough the Course was a bit to fundamental for me and my Knowledge, I think it was perfectly outlaid. Everything worked so well - the videos, the reading material, the communication. Thank you very much for that insight.
Very Informative.  I've learned a lot with regards to the key health issues that  we have been suffering globally and what had been done to address this health concerns by WHO and other related organisation.
This course was really interesting. It covers different branches of global to give us a big picture of the matter. The professor was good at explaining and giving various exemples for us to follow. Thank you
Its really a fascinating course to be met by all age groups and the knowledge acquired made me to think about various global health issues and their present status and further ways to overcome such issues..!
Fantastic overview of the essentials of global health. It has what you need to know, and doesn't have what you don't need to know. It's a little long so be prepared to put the time in. You won't regret it.
Excellent course, well structured, clear and easy to follow, very good graphs, slides and supporting information, and very well organized overall. The tutor is outstanding. I highly recommend this course.
This is my first course here and this one actually blows my mind. The professor is so good, he is the main reason why I can keep up with it even though few topics are hard and long. Really recommend it.
A very thoughtful and insightful course that help me to understand the global health, its key concept, challenges and cost effective strategies to address the issue in the global health perspectives.
The course is exceptionally wonderful for those who are not familiar with health background. It really helps to me to equip better knowledge of health issues in the world. I strongly recommend it.
This is a magnificent and very enriching course. I appreciated every topic that was covered I am very grateful to have had the opportunity to take this course and learn more about global health.
i really had a good time during the duration of this course and i learnt more than i even hoped to learn. Thanks to whoever started this program, it was really helpful and full of information.
GREAT REVIEW OF SOME INTERESTING AND VITAL ASPECTS OF GLOBAL HEALTH.  THANKS, SO MUCH TO THE FOLKS WHO WORKED HARD IN PUTTING ON THIS COURSE AND ALLOWING ME TO TAKE IT GRATIS.   DR QUINCY
Insightful and unique course with diverse range of diseases and health matters covered with their way forward thanks to prof.and Coursera team for providing this type of content as FREe
I really I appreciate that I've learned in one of the most prestigious university around the globe and its for free. Its so nice to learning during this pandemic times.Thank you Yale!
The course is great for first insights into global health. It's very comprehensive, with good examples and I especially liked the students "participation" in the teaching method.
This was an excellent course. It gives a very solid understanding of Global Health. Lectures are interesting and interactive, and readings gave an additional layer of knowledge.
I'm a working physician who has done a decent amount of global medical work, and I found this course thorough but to-the-point course and a great introduction to global health.
Truly fascinating approach. I am equally blessed and matured on how to address health issues in a more scientific and at the same time neutral tone. Thank you very much
Thank you for this opportunity. It was very time consuming with work, travel and being ill during this 6 weeks - but I am better for having completed it and thank you!
I learned so much and the subject matter is more poignant than ever. I had to buy the text because the links to the readings included in the course did not work.
It was worth time of studying and learning about Global Health and it's essentials. The Tutor was awesome. He made the course interesting and easy to understand.
Wonderful course, lot of important information presented in very easy to understand way. The professor speaks well and slowly to understand if you are ESL.
Through this course I get to know the essentials and the big picture of global health and the most important concepts and actors in this field. Thanks!
This course was very informative and easy to follow & understand. If you want to learn about global and public health, this course is the best choice.
I love the way the teacher taught us, i like the material provided and the quuestions asked in assessments are best way to improve the knowledge level
Very professional instructor and helpful videos. Also a great coverage of all the relevant topics concerning global health. Would 100% recommend.
Many thanks to Richard Skolnik for preparing this concise and clear course on Essentials of Global Health in collaboration with YALE University.
Great topics and wonderful readings. Wanted to take this course to get a head start on my Master's in Global health this fall. Really helpful!
This course is taught in a way that is easy to understand and gives lots of insight and examples to further solidify the knowledge presented.
This was such a wonderful course. completed it over a year ago and the insights are still clear in my mind. many thanks to the facilitators.
Excellent course that was very well organized and informative. This is great as a new educational course or continuing education refresher.
The most amazing course i have ever done .It helped me in understanding the basic concept and to use the leaning into implementation phase
An outstanding instructor who communicates in a manner which conveys the facts with no nonsense, efficient and intriguing manner. 5 stars
The professor is very smart, humble and articulate. He is truly an inspiration. Thank you Professor Skolnik, I really enjoy the course.
Excellent course.  Very informative, well instructed, availability of resources and discussion forms well organized.  Highly recommend.
Thank you,I am so happy to get a certificate from Yale, in part cause it's like a dream come true for someone so hardworking as I am.
the course is very informative and professor Richard is a man with fabulous knowledge!!! his way of conducting class is amazing!!
very clear and concise, very manageable and straight forward. Short reasonable quizzes and interesting topics that all relate.
Excellent exposure to the world of Global Health. The instructor was brilliant and the guests he brought in were superb too.
It was really one of the best courses i have done. The professor was fantastic and the course content was very up to date
This course is very recommended especially now that the world is facing a pandemic and other new and recurring diseases.
The programe is informative and educational with excelent connections to some good online resorces for further learning.
Thank you so much, Prof Skolnik and Coursera. This is has really been one of the most engaging and informative courses.
The professor did an extremely good job at making sure his students understood every concept. I can't thank you enough!
Amazing opportunity and professor that teaches in a way that is engaging and memorable. Highly recommend this course!
Good course for beginners! I particularly enjoyed the wide range of topics that have been illustrated and explained.
Excellent course; this course provided real-life examples and high-quality explanations of Global Health concepts.
This course has provided a stronger foundation for me to pursue my further education and career in global health.
The course is really fun also easy to understand. The instructor and panels are the best tho, so inspirational!
That was one beautiful course. Enjoyed every bit of it, great vignettes and case studies to address the topics.
This course really have been helpful in revising the major global health situation .Thankyou for this course.
This was an eye opening course of global health  thank you Coursera and Yale university for this opportunity
Very interesting, engaging and intricate course! I thoroughly enjoyed gaining knowledge about global health.
Excellent and thorough. This is the perfect lecture for anyone who wants to know more about Global Health.
This course provides deep knowledge of health issues and insight analysis of health data around the world
the course is very very well prepared and easy to learn, I'm hoping I can join more of courses this great
This is an insightful course, ideal for those wanting to dive right into Global Health or Public Health
The information was very interesting, easy to understand, very helpful readings and videos. Thank you.
This was a great course on Global Health and related topics! Such a great experience! I learned a lot.
This course was excellent! It covered a wide range of material in the most thought provoking manner.
Super informative. I came out with a high-level understanding of the current state of Global Health.
A course with an excellent didactic that provides a wide knowledge on the aspects of global health.
This course is very detailed and informative in all aspects of Global Health. I have learnt a lot!
A great course...thouroughly enjoyed it.As a medical student..it gave me some new perspectives.
Professor Richard Skolnik's lecture was very educational, interesting and inspiring.Thank You!
Great course on world health issues and the possible ways to confront and change those issues.
I love this course!!! Many supportive resources and useful intelligible knowledge is provided!
One of the best to talk about the base of Global Health. Very complete and enlightening.
Very informative and helped me understand the issues and complexities of global health.
An extremely comprehensive course. I look forward to further offerings in the future...
Its a very informative course, I like it and I will like to study more on Global health
It's was a pleasure to participate in the program of global health thank you very much
Its a magnificent course and I the tutor is such a wonderful and incredible helper.
I would recommend this course to everyone and  anyone, it is absolutely incredible.
Very informative and easy to navigate through! I learned a lot through this course!
The course has been an eye opener such that I have learnt a lot through coursera .
Very Enjoyable and Informative, Thank you  to a wonderful teacher Richard Skolnik.
Exceptional course from the exceptional instructor! Thank you Yale Coursera team!
great course, very comprehensive and detailed for global health issues and trends
Excellent, well-composed, very understandable. Really benefited from it. Thanks.
The course provides a comprehensive platform of the essentials of global health.
It was a really helpful course to let me get to know about issues in the world
I enjoy taking this course and especially because it is linked to the book.
Great course with high-quality materials that cover a wide range of topics
The topic of enormous important in the present times. Interesting course.
Its a very detailed and simple course especially for a non-medical person
Given me more knowledge about the global battle we are facing in health.
This course is really helpful and the lecturer is a very intelligent one
This course was very useful to me. I got more knowlede on global health
Well structured content. It covered a wide range of modules. Thank you
Excellent Course. Covers illness in simple manner & open up awareness
Thank you for broadening my horoscope. I learnt from this course
Great and very educational course with a very engaging professor
I am very proud of my achievements and I will continue to study
Outstanding lecturer and a wonderful insight in Global Health
the best course ever, very informative and well-articulated.
Excellent course! Very good teaching and content! Thank you!
VERY NICE COURSE RELATED TO HEALTH ISSUES ACROSS THE WORLD.
This was a great course. Packed with valuable information.
very useful for learning how health affect our daily lives
Great course with excellent instructor and guest lectures!
IT WAS WONDERFUL I HAVE LEARNT MORE THROUGH THIS COURSERA
This was an awesome course! Thank you, Professor Skolnik.
Very usefeul and informative, great for medical students.
Excellent course, I would love to learn from you again :)
Very clear and inclusive. Lots of practical examples too.
Perfect! Gave me a lot of foundation with global health!
His explanations were  great and was easy to understand
Comprehensive. Very interesting complementary material.
Very comprehensive course.  Learnt a lot.  Thank you
Very objective and of a very good quality od content
Very complete course and the teacher is a good one.
This was an outstanding class, very informational.
Great full to COURSERA for providing such a course
Great course, great things to learn. I enjoyed the
The instructor is excellent and very informative.
satisfied. and glad to be the part of this course
it was so Succesful course and I really enjoy it
Excellent course on essentials of global health!
Offered in a simple way very easy to understand
Great format and the instructor was excellent!
I absolutely loved the lecture and the course
Very insightful course. I have learnt a lot.
Absolutely enlightening. Engaging lectures.
Terrific overview of global health basics.
very good comprehensive Global Health MOOC
We learned much knowledges thanks a lot
This course is a must. Thank you YALE.
My best experience on Coursera so far.
an excellent course in global health
amazing course with a great teacher!
Yeah...a very informative course....
Enjoyed the discussion group topic.
very very good. great teacher
Very enjoyable and in-depth!
Essentials of Global Health
practical and useful course
I will be healthy person;)
Very good! I recommend!
This course is useful.
Great learning method
best thank you ,prof.
Excellent ! Worth it
I love it 😍😍😍😍😍
I learned so much!
So informational!
Perfect course！
A great teacher
worth itthanks
Good course...
lovely course
