I want my certificate...what shall i donow..Help me..i completed my courseGive me certificate so that i can rate 5 stars
Thanks to Coursera it was very wonder full journey for me living in India,  I am very happy to say that in this difficult times of Lock down of Covid times all over the world, getting connected with coursera was one of the most exciting and constructive means & mode to develop my self and further work on my familey. my humble gratitude to all faculties and Coursera.
I have submitted my assignments and completed the course, however it shows as it’s in progress here and not completed. Why is that? If I do opt to take the completion certificate, when and how will I receive it? I’m from India. Thanks Tina
I really liked the course and the instructor but did not enjoy the peer graded assignment.People do not genuinely rate/grade other peer's assignments.People grade/rate others low on purpose for whatever their own reasons and not based on the work/course assignments quality.
Good information, evidence-based, too long, slow.
I find this course pretty much useful for our day to day life. Lots of techniques are discussed here that can help parents and others in rearing children nicely. So I think those who are attending the course will be benefited too. Hope this course will be offered again in future for many more participants.Thank you.
This is a very good course for Parenting. Though all kids are different and there are no one technique suits all... this course suggests simple and easy to follow techniques.  For example, something I loved to always keep in my mind is knowing and doing are different things.
This course is very well designed with the clear intention to benefit parents and caregiver. Really appreciate the energy, enthusiasm and expert advise of the professor. The assessments between the video makes things a lot easier to digest the concepts.
This was a good course with a lot of useful/helpful information.  There were typos in some of the transcripts, so for a paid course that was a little bit surprising, but overall this was an excellent course with many beneficial resources.
Good course, well explained and everything is easy to comprehend with simple examples.  Would have liked a little more dynamic examples, perhaps with videos. Overall, it is a good course for parents dealing with young children.
The course provides a comprehensive view on parenting techniques that is quite useful in managing children's behaviour. It provides practical tools that can be implemented in everyday life.
Great course for parents and professionals that work with families and children. The tips and tools are evidence based and easy to implement. I'd highly recommend this course.
Excellent source of information for parents who want to change or improve their parenting on daily basis. I don't like paying for passing after-lesson quizzes.
It has been apleasure for me to come to study. It has been a great course and I hope to improve all the techniques that I learned. Thanks a lot
Very detailed course. Very helpful in understanding children's psychology. Very good Professor. Assessments are too easy though.
The points are made out very clear. The video also is very interactive. So, we can easily know and implement the techniques.
Every informational and I like how is brings up the many studies that they have done over the years.
Good course.  Great for personal use as now I get to use these skills with my two nephews.  Thanks!
It was great experience the course provide by coursera was really good it help a lot
love this course it really help mothers to improve their mothering abilities.
Not too long, and very useful information.  Very glad I took this course.
Great tools to implement behaviour change in children!
Well constructed content and very good professor
It was really helpful and worth learning
v good structured courses for parents
Definitely a good course for parents
This class is extremely useful
great ABC course
Simply put, this course radically improved my relationship with my 3 and 4.5 year old children. Most importantly, it understand them and their needs. Raising children is challenging, even with the skills and strategies and learned and put to use in this course, however, creating positive behaviour has become quite manageable. Do not hesitate to take this course. It is well worth your limited time.
Thank you so much Professor and Yale University for  offering this amazing course. it has definitely changed my parenting and made some very fast changes in my daughters behavior.  Thank you immensily!
The course covers concerns and techniques of child rearing.  It was very organized, comprehensive and delivered in such a way that makes it easy to understand.  Thank you very much, Professor Kazdin!
Sound evidence base. Does not stray far from the basics of operant conditioning but applies them in a way that does not undermine the attachment needs. There are similarities with the skills taught within parent-child interaction therapy. I like the way that it is explained in the videos; clear and concise with a bit of humor. If you are wanting to learn a couple of specific skills that can be applied within lots of very different families this is a very good resource. My only concern would be parents of children with significant emotional regulation problems who become genuinely overwhelmed and parents would need to learn how to step away from the behavioral model and to provide emotional connection and help them regulate. This would be especially true for children with significant attachment difficulties or trauma histories. However, that is not to say that these skills would not be useful in that situation, but additional skills would be needed.
Excellent Course! I think everyone would benefit from learning these behavioral skills. Not just parents, but all adults, anyone who is interested in effective behavioral changes. They are life skills, indeed! THANK YOU, Dr. Kazdin, for putting this course on Coursera!
Such amazing course, it’s useful and joyful to learn all the way through. I love it ! Thank you Coursera make learning easy to learn and share , I see the power of knowledge by E- sharing ! Wonderful!
Yale Professor is fantastic. ABC system sounds amazing. I am not yet a parent but looking forward to it in the (hopefully) very near future. Thank you all for this amazing opportunity to learn.
I really found this course beneficial and have been using the tools and techniques with my 2.5-year old son. Actually, most of the tools can be applied to life in general and it's really made me more aware of my thoughts and what I choose to focus on — focusing on finding positive things to praise or encourage, as opposed to only reacting toward bad things or things that need to be fixed. The latter being ineffective and actually encouraging further bad behavior by giving it attention.The teacher explains things very clearly and you can tell that he really cares about helping parents learn the most effective ways of shaping child behavior. The stuff he teaches is not just conjecture either, it's based in science and studies that have been done. I particularly like how he covers common misconceptions that parents have as well, as those have allayed some of my own fears.Thank you for offering this course. It was very well done (my only criticism is that a couple words in the video transcriptions were wrong from time to time) and I enjoyed the 4-week format of it.
Very useful information. As parents we prepared for birth but nobody told us that the best will come in the next years and we need to learn so many things if we want to give a better enviroment for our children in a stresful context. I practice tools every day and in our case they work, the results happier children and better sleep.
Very straightforward content and easy to follow for beginners. The course gives very simple tools that are applicable for child rearing when addressing problematic behaviour for children or teenagers.
I took a course because my 4 years old nephew have regular tantrums and he is not listening to his parents. Being a new parent I was suddenly overwhelmed about handling such a behaviour. Although my baby is only 7 months old, the thought of her being that difficult was scaring me. After taking the course I felt much more confident looking in the future, I have a tools now and I dont feel helpless anymore. I also started to use some of the tools with my nephew and they work magic. The nephew always been very loud and screaming around my baby which scared her. Now everytime we visit them or they come to our house I prompted the behaviour by asking him nicely with a soft tone not scream around the baby. I was surprised how far the prompt can go. It is not perfect yet but it is much better and I feel confident it can get even better.
I highly recommend Dr. Kazdin's Everyday Parenting course to all parents and caregivers regardless of the age of the children they support.  This course is the crescent wrench of courses in that it fits every one of the good and sometimes nutty parenting styles out there.  The tools, techniques and explanations are presented in simple small doses.  Every module has an Ah-ha moment.  Someone with expertise is going to sharper their skill set and struggling parents will be able to clear some of the white noise that is frustrating for all.  By applying more effective parenting methods they may reduce their own stress and have more substantive engagements across their child's developmental journey.   -Windsor, step-dad to two boys, Public Health Advisor, Registered Nurse
I have 4 kids, age from 2 to 20.  School doesn't teach us how to educate our kids, or how to deal with relationship. We do it from what we saw from our parents or medias. We don't know what's right or wrong, and are not even aware what we have been doing might be wrong.   Now, there is such a comprehensive class to help us and it's free.  This course really provides the TOOLs which I can practice easily with my kids and, most importantly, with myself. I see the immediate result with slight change of my attitude towards my kids.  If you have kids, please take this course and let's be better parents. ^_^  Reminder, while learning this course, please don't criticize yourself if you feel you have made a  lot mistake. You didn't know. Now, You know! Enjoy!!
Amazing tools to help you help your children. Thank you for making this class accessible. I have been begging for help for my son (he has explosive emotional outburst, extreme outburst, its not about the money necessary but it cost us thousands of dollars in home renovation to give you an idea) for 3 years now. The school won't help because he is doing fine in school, the health unit won't help because he doesn't have a mental illness diagnosis and he has been on a waiting list to see a paediatrician for 2 years now. A month into that course and I have seen some improvement. This course have done more for me and my family already than the health care system and psychologic "help" has done in 3 years (they have done nothing).
Thank you for the course. It was helpful for me as a parent and a professional teacher. Before starting the course I was an adept of some Russian and European scientific methods that don't allow any punishment at all and just a little praise in general. Dr. Alan E. Kazdin changed my attitude towards the praise and gave me some new concepts for "punishment".  My parenting becomes more and more effective with practicing the tools I got from the course of Dr. Alan E. Kazdin. I recommend to read the optional articles, their content complements the videos with more concrete facts, tools and advises. With best regards towards Dr. Kazdin, Yale University and Coursera
I my an owner of a preschool. While I was going through this course, I had started training my teachers what I learnt through it. As teachers started applying 'praise and points/star system' in the class we are able to see noticeable changes in the students. We are still working further.I can not thank enough for this course. It is truly well structured to learn for any parent or teacher. This course answers almost all the questions considering the various aspects of challenges parents may face.I am very happy that I have completed this course. Thank you very much for putting so much thoughts and efforts to prepare this course.
This is a great course. It starts off and seems kind of home cooked with simple graphics and Professor Kazdin a fine gentleman who reminds me of my father. The ideas at first appear as if nothing new but we soon learn that how we implement the ideas is crucial and we are shown clearly how to do this. There is enough detail to show where we might have gone wrong in the past and explanation about why common default setting toward nagging, punishment, criticism don"t work.  As I went through the course I appreciated more and more the depth of the professors knowledge and I also enjoyed reading the supplementary material.
I highly recommend this course. It provides clear and exact techniques to change the behavior of children. I have being a parent for a long time before I took this course, so I didn't think that I would learn something new about child rearing. However, I must say that I have learned a lot and tried some of the suggested techniques on my children. I think that this course excels in explaining exactly how to apply techniques most of the parents use in every day life.  It elaborates how to praise, how to punish effectively and how to reach the child's heart. Thus, I recommend this course to every parent.
I was a social worker decades ago, so had quite a lot of training in dealing with children, tweens and teenagers; however, now that I am a parent - struggling at times to develop the needed behavior in our children - so I needed to up my parenting game.  This course was well-constructed and presented and covered all the bases I needed.  I HIGHLY recommend this course to all parents and look forward to my spouse completing it as well, cause it's gonna get us onto the same page and help us to help our kiddos to develop the life skills and behavioral patterns that they will surely need to thrive.
Dear Prof. Kazdin,As a nursery teacher this course has been fantastic for me, providing very useful tools for my work and also for my private life with our two children. Its a pitty I didn't know these tools years ago, but it's never too late to get better! :)  I look forward to  use them after the Corona Lockdown is over, Have often thought about different children, situations and tools I can apply and I'm sure, we'll have a challenging good time.My deepest respect and thanks for sharing your vast experience with us!Best greetings and God bless you always!Monique Escamilla
Thank-you Dr. Kazdin.This course was very valuable.I teach parenting and I will be communicating this information to my students.Thank you for the guidance.It would be amazing if you created a course specifically for teachers on behaviour and classroom management. It is the most challenging part of our job and most of us don't have any training in it beyond  baptism by fire. I would have liked a second example at the end perhaps involving teenagers and technology in the classroom.  Fantastic information.  Great delivery.  I am so pleased I decided to take it.
Absolutely phenomenal course. Going well beyond being just a helpful parenting class, this course is a downright public service to society. Kazdin is incredibly engaging, genuinely cares about the topic, and explains things in a clear, concise, and organized way. Best of all, the material is carefully vetted by years of scientific research, yet takes into account the practical considerations of real life parenting. At home, we call his techniques a "magic wand". I highly encourage parents of children of any age to take this course.
Very Practical and easy to apply at home, I am going to ask all my family members and colleges to follow the course, and after the completion of the course, it is very handy for me to go back for the unit and review it again and again, especially after using it and find out it really works. Great course and well designed. Highly appreciated for the reading pieces shared after every unit, I have download all of them one by one and it provides a better background to support the learner for the course.
Thanks! this class provided me with a great guidance as to identify the behaviors I should care to change and those I can tolerate while I focus in others that are relevant. Also, the tools and techniques were explained in a very easy practical way.  Now, I need to do the hard part, practice!  I am confident I will do much better in helping my child to behave in a positive way and handling situations with a different approach which will reduce my stress and increase the potential for success. :-)
Professor Kazdin is very engaging, it is fun and motivating to watch his lectures.The contents is well-structured, and the most important points are repeated from time to time, so they really stuck. Many real-life examples illustrate the techniques. The parenting techniques themselves make a lot of sense, and -- most importantly -- are simple enough to implement at home.Because my new-born is too young to try the techniques on him, I cannot elaborate on the effectiveness of the techniques.
It does have a slight US focus but this is the only slightly negative feature of this course. I can truly recommend this course to any parent independent of the age of the kid. Really easy to understand and very applicable to the everyday challenges of a parent. If you want some nudges on how you can become a (even) better parent - this course if for you. It gives you a tool box of different parenting approaches and it's then up to you to decide which tools are most applicable for you.
This course was the answer to all the questions about childhood 
experiences and behavioral issues. I would recommend this course to 
anyone because the Professor Kazdin teaches the right approaches about all the different methodologies parents tend to take, e.g., the effective punishment that changes the children's behavior,  the process to take to keep them motivated, and so on. The course is pretty concise and to the point. Overall the course was very practical and a lot to learn.
This course is very nice, easy to understand and systematic. I really enjoyed learning from this course. Each videos are long enough to get engaged and learn something and not to get bored. The delivery is amazing. It is systematic, easy to understand and right to the point with some specific examples. Thank you to Coursera and all those unknown nice people who make this course available. A special thank you to Dr.Kazdin for the amazing delivery and cool looking personality.
The best course to helping parents, or nannies as me, to change behavior and help the child to be happy too!! I highly recommend to everyone. And Professor is the best! 10 stars! Super. He has passion to teach and passion to help families and children. I was motivated since day 1 to the end, and when it finishes I felt sad because I wanted to keep learning! =) Thank you Professor!! I really enjoyed each of the classes and videos =) All super clear!! Muchas Gracias!!
My name is Rosemary Oluchi Chikezie. I’m a caregiver.The ABCs of child Rearing is indeed an incredible course, it has really increased my love for children and helped me a lot in taking care of my amazing niece😘😘and other children around me. Thanks a million to the Director of the Yale parenting center. Dr. Alan kazdin professor of psychology and child psychiatry. You’re an amazing teacher sir. I like your methods of teaching and I enjoyed all your lessons👍👍👍
Learnt so much about how to deal with tantrums of my toddler. I could use what I have learnt here in the course with my toddler who I felt was getting out of hand. Even the way the acted out when we did the wrong thing, was explained in the course and I was blown away. The level of accuracy in this course is amazing. Thank you so much form me and my 3 year old, even though he doesn't know it, I feel like a better parent now for him than I did before this course.
Perfect course for everyone not only for parent. I've leant a lot about children and misbelieved about child rearing. This course give me more confident to understand children and their behavior including the 'technique' and 'how to'  which simple and easy to adapt into the any situations. The course structure are well planned with basic outline prior to the lecture and summary at the end of each video. Thank you again for all the great work of creator team.
Every parent should take this course. Dr. Kazdin teaches you how to use and employ powerful tools afor developing well-adjusted and well-behaved children and young adults. Many parents have the right ideas, but execute their methods ineffectively-- Dr. Kazdin clearly explains the what's, how's, and why's of effective parenting to get parents back on the right track. A few hours with these lectures will save you much time and frustration down the road!
Extremely relevant techniques not only for parents but also for teachers and anyone who deals with people -- which means Everyone. Simple, concise and well-organized content that is easy to follow. A professor who is an expert in the field -- so you cannot really ask for a better one. Actually, I am more of a "starter" on Coursera, which means I start many courses but finish only one or two; and this is the second course I devoured!
I thought there was a lot of valuable information.I will keep applying it in me and my child's life .I have seen huge improvement in both of our live's .I wanted to thank you for the opportunity. I have passed the class with a 87.4%.is there any way to get a Pharisaical certificate sent to me from yale that would mean the world to memy address is 211 laurel ST. Shelton WA. 98584 sincerely Aaron Smith
The course starts slow with the basics , and how it can be applied in a special way to make them more effective. Then binds different techniques and show how work together. It also addresses the common misconceptions that lead to applying wrong techniques and not adopting the recommended ones.As advised by the course, results will not come by learning only. Results come with continuous practice.
It is an amazing course for parents, early grade teachers or the individuals who want to establish his career in child education or child improvement project like me. As a parent, educator and an individual wishing to build career in child education and improvement area, I have learnt a great deal of effective, useful and scientific methods to be used to change child behavior and improvement.
This is an excellent course which I'd recommend to anyone looking to improve their general outlook on not just children's behaviour, or shaping that behaviour, but also their own behaviour. Thank you Yale University and Coursera for this fantastic course. And thank you Prof. for doing such a good job. I'd like to consider taking any other courses you might be designing or helping to design.
It is useful to learn behavioral techniques to change your child's behaviors and teach him/her new good behaviors. It may also be helpful for professionals who will or do work with children or parents to learn effective techniques. The course has a big emphasis on behavior. Dealing with emotions, effective communication, etc. are the things that you should not expect from this course.
It was good attending the class of Everyday Parenting: The ABC's of Child Rearing. It's not only a subject of my interest but also in my view, it's something that would help me to work it out throughout in my future life too. The classes were really good . They are successful in pointing out all the basics that we have to practice in our child inorder to change their behaviour.
Dr. Alan E. Kazdin  provided such useful application on how to shape and change a child's unwanted behavior.  I feel that by attending this course allowed me to become the parent that I've never had.  I'm very grateful to be able to attend this course for free, the information are invaluable, and it doesn't just work for children, I think it works for adults too!!
This course really instilled and planted in me that if I want my child to perform and behave positively, then I should always be with him/her (physical, emotional, psychological, mental, social and spiritual) every step of the way. This course also taught me on how to behave according to the behavior pf my child. Thank you very much for this course. 👍🏻👍🏻
This course is very useful for parents and teachers. Children are our future and majority role of our county's future . And then parents and teachers are very needs to know ABCs parenting to support children.That is why, I have learned this course and I got parenting techniques a lot. Thank you Dr.Alan and Yale University.Su Mon YadanarLibrarian (Myanmar)
This is a parenting course, based on science, not on the opinion of certain psychological stream.  Being a scientist myself I understand how far the reality can be from one's belief. I have started using special praise with my 5-year old daughter and you can not imagine how happy she is when I hug and kiss her. Seeing her happy is a best reward for me.
I am a kindergarten teacher and I found this course very helpful. If you are a parent/early childhood educator/ kindergarten teacher you should really try your hands on this course! Enjoyed it and got to learn a lot of new techniques which will surely help me in my career development for now and personal development when I will have kids of my own! :D
I have only praises and admirations for Sir- Dr Alan E Kazdin. He is an angel for kids and adolescents. The course was well designed and executed in the best possible way.All the modules were informative and well elucidated. For me it was an eye opener. Apart form learning new things, my bond with my kids has improved a lot after joining the course.
Fantastic course. Doct.Alan Kazdin is a perfect teacher: he uses a clear language that helps 
foreigners understan. The course's structure is very is very efficient and the use of summaries and slides helps understanding. At the end of each session there are the materials to download. Fantastic !!!


I recommend it to all parents and teachers
This course has been exceptional.  My children are full grown adults but I can surely use these in my couselling and also in the classes I give parents and teachers.  The Faculty was really knowledgeable and his method of teaching too  was splendid.  Thank you for the course and given me an opportunity to be part of this.  Thank you so much
Well sequenced videos that covers all aspects of behavioral problem a child and parent/teacher may face in everyday life with examples and solution to it. I have used Praise, Shaping, Simulation, Modeling and Point program before taking the course. I do agree with Dr Alan.E. Kazdin that they work. Thankyou for adding more parenting tool.
This is a very helpful course. I've learned many things, especially how to raise the child with positive and systematic behavior improvement. The teacher is very positive and passionate, he is a very good role model. I recommend this course for all. I am going to practice things I learn with my nephew and my clients. Thank you so much.
Dr, Kazdin inspired me to reopen the Parent Center at my school, I learned very good techniques and strategies that will be beneficial to the parents and students, I am also want to thank him because I am a parent liaison for the Hispanic community and I will use the Spanish translations.He is an amazing professor, Thanks Dr. Kazdin.
A great course that was easy to complete.  I work full-time and mother to a toddler and I was easily able to complete this course in the timeframe required.  It was engaging and had a lot of great techniques and tools that I know will come in handy as I navigate through parenthood.  Thanks very much for making this course available!
It’s a practical and very effective too. Gives new ideas and guides how to apply it too. Thanks for such  a valuable and well designed one. I feel it could be more precise and crisp too as sometimes I had problem reading the transcript.  Transcript could be shown on screen during the lecture as it could be easy to relate it then
In the first day, I learned about 60 percent of the first week of material. That night I began to apply it, and it was like a miracle! I don't even know what comes next, if but the first day was that beneficial, I am looking forward to the remainder of the class. I can see that it is going to be a blessing for my family and me.
I really enjoyed this course which give a very good parenting toolbox and allows to strenghten the basic knowledges of how the children behave and how to positively influence the behaviors. The concepts are explained very clearly and are "ready to use" tools to impact your child's behavior. Thank you for this very good course.
Prof kazdan. i am feeling very luck that i took your course , and truly speaking i was in a desperate need for it. i learned a lot and successfully applied your Technics. i am sure that thousand of parents will get lot help from this course ,for good parenting . ill watch your videos again and again. thanks alot. Faisal Bilal
Loved it gave me so many great tips and understandings on how to assist my child and it really has made a big difference in their responses to me! Thank you! I will learn and practice it again and again and improve my skills over time with the kids... I have seen an increase in happy affection and compliance without issues!
It's very important to get some education about being a parent. There are many frustrating moments with the child and I am glad that I found this course and learned some techniques of how to change undesired behaviors. My daughter is only 3 years old but it's helpful to learn these before she really develops some problems.
Very practical and even humble from a leading expert to the struggling rookie parents. Principles mentioned in this course are seemingly simple, but spending the time to go through the journey with Professor Kazdin makes the principles more than a knowledge but something you can really use and make a difference in life.
Thank you very much Dr Alan Kazdin. This was such a great course. I´m not a native speaker of english but I get a huge comprehention abaout the topic. I am a psychologyst and I have realized this course synthesizes the basics of human behavior and reinforcement programs in a very interesting way. Thank you very much!!!
I enjoyed taking this course. The instructor was knowledgeable in his field and the materials were resourceful. And I liked that it was self-paced. I enjoyed the peer review tasks as well as applying the lessons learned in my immediate environment. It was all together, a beautiful experience. Thank you Alan E. Kazdin!!
It was an amazing course. Definitely very helpful in these Covid-19 times. We are all confined at home so, having a toolkit of parenting techniques organized by Dr. Alan Kazdin is just what we need. I will be coming back to some lessons as needed for sure. Thank you for putting this kind of courses at our disposition.
Excellent! This course is both practically and academically helpful for child rearing. Classes are fun and the quizzes are fair. It's very easygoing and it teaches you a great deal. I feel so lucky to join this class when I'm raising my toddler. I'm looking forward to other courses related with this one in the future.
Definitely useful for the new parent as well as parents of older children as they face the challenges of growing up. As parents, there is no way that we know what are the tried and tested methods of child rearing without learning about it, this is the resource for you to learn about those tried and tested techniques!
This is a great course for any parent that aims to improve their career. It helps you being a better parent and saving time and effort on the repairable aspects of the child's behavior. The peace of mind, and released time and energy give an opportunity for better productivity at work and happier life altogether.
i found this course to be highly resourceful and interactive, with loads of concepts and helpful tools that parents can easily learn, understand, relate to and apply successfully in their homes. If only more people had access to this type of a course, the world would be a happier place. Thank you Dr. Kazdin.
It's a really important & informative course. We all as individuals/parents tent to forget our basic pf praising by this course it has reinforced in me that  how important it is to praise & it does wonders. Not only praising technique but all that was covered - shaping, rewards, positive opposite & so on.
Dear Professor Kazdin,Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge! Your course has changed my life, and the life of my two kids. Your techniques help so much to improve relationships, I wish I had known them much earlier. I would not have done so many mistakes. We are a happier family now thanks to you!
The course is amazing. I highly recommend to everybody no matter if you are a parent, a teacher or a sister. Each of us is responsible for the emotional education of children. Professor Alan E. Kazdin explains everying in a clear way. Every minute in front of the monitor is wort it. Thank you Professor!
This course is a life-saver! The techniques showed by Prof Kazdin were very practical and easy to practise too! and very logical too! This course also helped me to correct some of the myths / misunderstandings about parenting. Very valuable course for all parents... trying to be even better parents!
Fantastic course! We have a household with 4 children and the dynamic of the household is somewhat strained with a very difficult 5 year old. This course has helped so much, the small changes we made has made a huge improvement and slowly but surely the behaviors are becoming permanent.  Thank you!
It's an amazing course. In a little span of time, you learn so much and can apply it inmmediately. It's life changing. Dr. Kazdin did a great job at explaining and making clear steps; his articles are also great. I'm really thankful for the production team and also Dr. Kazdin for this course!!
Presenting in an amazing manner by Dr. Kazdin. He has addressed many childhood concerns and how to approach them in a more effective manner. The tools shared by Dr. Kazdin are practical and doable. I tried it with my daughters and shared it with the parents that I work with. It worked nicely.
This course is life-changing... We always think about learning as part of progressing our careers... but we need learning as part of improving our family life and parenting skills as well. I am grateful for the skills I will develop along the journey of implementing programs from this course.
A great course that challenges many of the "traditional" ways parents cope with difficult child behaviors (as punishment for instance). I also loved the idea of praise as playing a central role in changing children behavior.  I am sure I will come back to watch the videos again in the future.
It was too wonderful to learn all the things under a single roof.. At the start it was a difficult to cope up, but gradually it was a challenge and I overcame upon it. There are too many things still to be learnt, but this cousre has given enough knowledge to study furthur... Thanks a lot
This was an amazing course. As a parent, I learned so many new techniques to engage with my children. As a substitute teacher, I will be also be able to help manage different behaviors with the tools that I have learned through this course. I highly recommend the ABC's of Child Rearing.
Parenting child is not an easy topic but this course provide some tips and techniques on how to handle the problems.  Some of the techniques are very inspiring and helpful to me especially in the topics about adolescent.  Thank you Mr Alan for delivering these lectures to all of us.
I really loved the program and the way it was conducted, was so smooth and tension free. I loved the way assignment questions were framed it was so much to the point also the evaluation process to review my peers work. The program was very well organised and also informative.
Fantastic course, Dr Kazdin presents this in a very clear manner. I've learnt a lot, and it has certainly enhanced my parenting repertoire. I've applied some of the things I've learnt in this course and have already seen positive results with my children. Highly recommend.
I loved Dr. Kazdin from the very first course video, such a committed person to the positive raising of a child. I saw results with my kid with the first exercise that we put in practice! I will revisit and rewatch this course again and again! Thank you so much Dr. Kazdin!
It is a Great course!Very helpful to be a better parent and shape your child to be a better kid.I followed practical exercises and was very happy to understand myself a better mom, see a lot of improvement in my kids behavior and between each other.Thank you very much!!!
Great class! Very informative! I was looking for new ideas on how to deal with child behavior, and this course certainly provided that! I feel more confident in my parenting and am excited to continue to implement the ideas presented in this course with my own children!
One of the best courses for parents I have ever met. Easy to practice techniques and great explanations. Pr. Alan E. Kazdin is definitely very strong professional and effective lecturer. Thank you very much for this course! I reconsidered many things in my kids rearing.
The course was extremely useful, with step-by-step instructions and troubleshooting, it was research-based instead of all the internet articles you may find on desperate pranting. Thanks to Yale University and Dr Kazdin, research-based parenting is available to everyone
This would have to be the most helpful parenting/child development course around. I have viewed many training modules as I work in the field, and this one stands out.  It is clear, based in love and reflects understanding of the worlds of children and adults. Thank you.
This is an amazing course for parents. I have learnt a lot from it. Everything about the course is great, from the structure, lectures, grading method, etc. Thank you so much for giving me this opportunity to learn valuable knowledge for my kids, myself, and our family.
Dr. Kazdin, this course, and research-based parenting techniques used in this course were TOP-NOTCH. I honestly could not be more thankful for this course at this time in my life as a parent of a pretty difficult 2 year old. Thank you so much for all of the strategies.
This course not only provides techniques of enhancing or changing a child's behavior but also tells you professional help a parent can seek. It reiterates the importance of parenting and makes you realize about the powerful effect of proper parenting in a child's life.
I learned a lot from this course. I already have a few knowledge about the ABC instruction but attending this course helped me learn and understand more about it. Hopefully, in the future, I can practice the things I've learned from this course. Thank you very much!
Best & Right Parenting course, very Useful, Practical, Motivated...!! Once again Big Thank You for Coursera, YALE University, & Ofcourse Rich Experienced Alan E. Kazdin...Good Luck all of you, Gob Bless You.Nitin Lahore Hindi Medium Researcher from India-M.P.-Indore
Helpful in understanding both the reasons for my child's behaviors and for concrete and established methods for altering those behaviors that are troubling. I appreciate the coursework and am practicing these techniques. Thank everyone involved in this process.
Nice course. I liked specially the lessons regarding positive opposites and how to use that to harvest the behavior we desire in our child. As prof. Kazdin teaches, to know the tools is not enough. Now we need to put the lessons to practice on a regular basis.
As a mother, it is the help I was looking for.  Very well explained videos, well designed questions. Really a valuable and interesting course. All parents should take this course! my home has been more harmonious since then. Eternally grateful for this course!
This was such a helpful and practical course on parenting. I learned a lot and had things I could implement in my life immediately. There was a good balance between explaining the psychology while also making it approachable. Highly recommend for all parents!
I'm a 1st time mom myself and this course was an eye opener on so many levels for me personally. I learned a great deal about myself as a parent and how I needed the training rather than trying to train my kids to act or behave in a certain desirable manner.
I am so glad I did enroll in Everday Parenting: The ABCs of Child Rearing. From the course, I could use a different perspective to see in the children. I also learned some new techniques which can develop positive behavior in them. Thank you, Dr.Kazdin!
Wonderful course, really engaging professor - I loved every single lecture. Not just filled with lots of useful information, but also presented in a great way. Really well-organized lectures, definitely one of the most effective courses I've ever taken.
Thank you so much for this amazing course! It was well organized and super interesting with great examples that one can relate to. The professor is very friendly, explains everything very well and I’m a big fan of his approach! Absolutely worth it!
This is a very informative course, and I would recommend it to anyone who interacts with children on a regular basis! While it is designed for parents, it is a great resource for teachers, step parents, day care workers, and grandparents as well!
it was really informative and quite easy to understand through the videos. Simple English is used and the quizzes were really good and interactive. Highly recommend this course. Thoroughly enjoyed my journey during the entire tenure of learning.
Sometimes we took parenting as granted, as something natural. But as other skills, parenting is something we can learn and take advantage of existing research. If we invest a lot in our careers we should invest even more in our parenting skills.
I learned a lot from this course, especially on how to effectively encourage my child to exhibit the behaviors we expect of her. Prof. Kazdin was very effective in imparting his expertise. He made me understand a lot from the course. Thank you!
I liked this course as I learned more than expected and thought some of it useful for daily life with adults as well as children. I really think schools should teach children how to be good parents, paving the way for a better society.
A course worth enrolling for! The ABC techniques were described in a very detailed manner. It gives us the confidence that any child with behaviour problems could be dealt with easily using structured strategies. Dr Alan is remarkable!
I found this course most helpful with my 11 year old grandchild.  I am using the strategies learned from the class.  It is taking lot of changes from everyone who she is surrounded by, but to see her transition is worth it.  Thank you.
This is a very good course. I recommend it heartly to everyone who is about to, or already have, children at home. It realy opened my eyes and helped me see things in a different way.Thank you so much for making this course available.
Great course! Learning step by step even for someone like me whose mother tongue is not English. Thank you for all the inputs. Practising is the key-word. A daily task. I'm motivated to keep this not only in mind, but doing it also.
Excellent course, should be compulsory education for all parents. The benefit as with all education, however, is with the implementation of the knowledge and practice of the skills. Thank you for the lessons, would highly recommend!
This is my first online course that I never take before. As a 4 years old chid's mother, I was gain a lot from this Course, will keep working hard to learn the rest of them. Hope I can complete well and get the certificate finally.
Course was really good. Especially for the parents of child of age less than 10 really very good course.Professor was very excellent and gave examples for each and every situations he is explaining. Young parents dont miss it.....
Excellent course that provides assistance to all types of parents with all types of children or adolescents. Techniques are very clear and well explained, easy to understand supported with extensive documentation and bibliography.
Everyday parenting is a very interesting course. I think every parent should do this because it will help parents  to build good habits and will help them in changing behaviors of their children. loved every topic of this course.
This class was phenomenal!  Thank you Dr. Kazdin for helping me tweak things we were doing with our toddler.  This class  was also extremely beneficial for me as a Speech-Language Pathologist working in the public school setting.
I'm a psychology student and this course has concrete and specific techniques that are really helpful in behavior problems and that can be used in children and adolescents. It's very complete and clear; I recommend it 100%!
Very interesting course that goes over a lot of techniques, some of which we already use (but not necessarily correctly!) for child rearing. A valuable tool with excellent examples for parents, caregivers and nannies alike.
KidsNeed2Talk2Someone2  (find us on facebook)... highly recommends this course for parents and teachers. We have been sharing already as we are so impressed with the easy yet effective steps to change. Thank You so much! 5*
I found this course really practical and applicable. It actually contained a lot of concepts, terms and techniques but amazingly the Professor explained them very clearly and systematically so I could understand them well.
Excellent course and wonderfully presented. The information is clear and several real world scenarios are presented to help show how the lecture material can be used in every day settings.  Very informative and enjoyable.
This course takes much uncertainty and fear out of parenting. It gave me the tools to build better rapport with my children, and to parent in a more objective way. I really appreciate the work that has been put into this.
Really enjoyed this class. It has really helped me with my daughter and now have the tools to help with everyday parenting. Thank you Dr. Kazdin for teaching this and showing there are amazing tools that can really help!
Exceptionally well and highly articulated course. The experienced instructor explained the key concepts and scientific techniques of child rearing. Must for all who wants to be a better parent.Thank you Dr. Alan Kazdin!
Dr. Kazdin does an excellent job in using terms that are easily understood to a lay person. At the end of this course, i feel much better equipped to deal with behavior problems in children from toddler to adolescence.
This course offers many practical tips to deal with everyday parenting. The techniques taught are relevant and easily applicable. Highly recommended for all parents! Thank you Professor Kazdin for creating this course.
Absolutely fantastic course! My spouse and I did it together and we were able to notice significant improvement at home after just two weeks of applying the techniques learned in this course! Thanks Professor Kazdin!
This course helped me in dealing with my very challenging 6yo boy during the COVID pandemic. It provided me with the necessary tools to guide my child's behaviour and to greatly reduce the stress level on our family.
This course is truly an experience and perhaps best any parent could ever get. Outright applicable, easy to understand and works really wonder with instant results. Every parent on this planet must take this course.
I really enjoyed the course. As a student teacher and as a mom it gave so much tools to work with. Dr Kazdin explanations are very clear and he gives you many opportunities to check what you've learned. Thank you!
This course is perfect for a parent of toddlers and pre-teen. It really touched all the problems that I have encountered and it provided clear techniques and solutions to try out for me to become a better parent.
The class was fantastic!  I am giong through a divorce and I am taking as many classes as possible to improve my parenting skills for help with my children during these difficult times.  Thank you for this class!
This course is a great step towards learning effective ways to better child-rearing practices. The professor is clear to understand and offers a wonderful insight into encouraging healthy child behaviour.
It's a very fruitful journey and I believe it's a must-take course for each parent to learn how to be a parent!  It's good for the family.  It's lucky that I meet this course when my child is still young.
Thank you for this courseVery easy to follow and well explained.  I'm using the knowledge acquired in this course to raise my 5 year old boy. I'm forever grateful.  I have seen much difference from then.
Finally, some science-based guidance to help parents get through those inevitable tough times that every child presents. Very well presented, with the right mix of content and speed. Well worth my time.
Dr. Kadzin is an amazing lecturer, interesting and makes everything easy to understand. 
This was a fun and VERY useful course, tools given here are doing wonders. If I could give it more stars I would.
This is a must to do course for parents to be, parents and teachers.  We need to build physically and mentally strong kids in future for this we need to adapt to these simple steps as per this course.
Kazdin is a great teacher! He is very clear, specific when talking about the parental tecnics and procedures. He explain in a way very simple for everyone understand. I recommend very much this course
The course is truly insipring and shaping me a lot around parenting my kids. I think it's invaluable to the parents and the next generations.  Thank you Alan, Yale and Coursera to make it happen!
The course will give you different mindset from traditional parenting. And give you the best tools for how to change the behavior of the child and how to Implement them. Very helpful. Thank you!
I strongly recommend this class to any parent (and I have done so already)! Thank you for such an amazingly effective and kind lecture on parenting! This is how the world can be a better place.
More case studies and assignments where we write out solutions would be more helpful for reinforcing what we learned in class. Awesome teacher and very helpful content for a first-time parent.
It is so amazing! Helped me to understand many reasons of my child's behavior. It is totally counterintuitive; the way of our society is built is questionable (prisons and law punishments).
Just loved this course. I have already started to implement the learnings from it in our own attempts to change our daughter's behaviour for the better and they have helped substantially.
The teaher is very engaging and the technique tools  explained in the course are very useful for child rearing. Thanks for sharing this video and helping us to have an easier family life.
I love this course. It benefits me a lot in my career as a teacher, and I do appreciate the Yale University opened this course in Coursera, It could help so many kids to a better future.
Great opportunity to learn concrete skills and techniques to improve your communication with your child. The handouts are very clear with step-by-step examples of how to do each skill.
Thanks alot for this courses " Everyday parenting : The ABCs of child rearing " is a practical toolkit for modification the desired behaviour in your child and it's effect are lasting.
This is a very helpful course for every parent. This course is many tools for the right parenting. This course is really effective to clear misconceptions of parents in child-rearing.
The course is a valuable resource for any parent with amazing tools and insights which can be easily practiced. Truly beneficial and extremely well handled by Prof Kazdin. Thank you.
Overall excellent course! Great and simple exposition of the topics while still being very informative. Use of clear and understandable language and heavy encouragement for practice.
I am enjoying this course for its simple easy straight forward approach. Dr Kazdin has done a great job of offering up tips and examples to really make your learning curve take off!
It was great for me as a mother having tis course. I enjoyed learning how to better my relations with my children, and seeing how effective the techniques I learned are. Thank you.
Excellent information given very clearly. Very useful tools which go beyond the usual positive discipline techniques. Provides parenting help for toddler through teenage age group.
This course has introduced me to significant parenting techniques to adopt in raising my children,and all other children who would be left in my care. Very grateful to your team.
I am certainly  happy and feeling accomplished after reading such amazing insight in to all stages of our lives so even as adults it brings a very positive transformation in us.
Very useful steps to helping your child change challenging behaviors! It was a manageable course with time and workload requirements and was very practical for my everyday life.
Excellent and a must for every parent, who take theri parenting seriously. Would also recommend KG teachers to take this as it may tools which can help in teaching young kids.
Thank you very much for this amazing course! Now I know how to communicate effectively with my son and hoe to make him happy! It was very informative and easy to hearing you.
Thank you for this interesting course as a father i am gaining experiences & skills, i hope you will give other courses regarding parenting and family healthy realationships
I recommend this course not only to the parents but also to all the teachers like me. The techniques and tools that was tackled are really effective. Thank you, Dr. Kazdin.
Thank you so much Professor Kazdin and Yale University for offering this great course online. It was the best of my Covid-19 quarantine time. Regards from Patagonia Chile
Wonderful course.I don't know how to express my gratitude to Mr. Kain for his amazing tutorials and stunning patterning of the course materials.Thank you very much.. Sir
I was really just trying to get some tips here and there to see what I can apply to my kid. Wow This course blows my mind. Thank you for sharing such useful information.
Thank you so much Sir and to the Yale University fir giving us so much in formation that would help us teachers and parents to understand and appreciate children more.
It provides really useful tools to change behavior in children. The content is given in a very engaging way and the evaluations help reinforce what has been learned.
the course has been excellent, the content is very complete and  very well explained with many examples and stories that can help you in different ways. thank you.
Fantastic course!Such a great teacher, and really likable person, too!I can strongly recommend this course for every parent & caregiver; there’s soo much insight.
Thank you Dr. K for this lesson in living. The ABC's will live with me. I only wish I had a course like this when I was rearing a young family in the early 80's!
It' s an excellent course. It's give me additional tools to work with the students and give counseling to parents. Also to understand better students behaviors.
Amazing course, I learnt a lot of new techniques to develop a certain behavior and to change certain behavior in the child. A must for every parent. Thank you
A mind-blowing experience. It was a joy to know that there are tested and proven alternatives to spanking and other punishments. Thank you to Yale University.
This course is really helpful for me. It is easy to follow and understand. I am working in mental health area, I will definitely use the knowledge I gained.
a wonderful course i learnt in this lockdown period of covid 19which is very for me to raise my 4 yr daughter and to run my preschool businessthank you sir
i almost quit this course because my  family said it would never help me since my  child has  autism.... they were  wrong and im glad i finished the course
I loved it. Now I understed more. Im more patience.  I know how to deal easy with every day steps, and that i can help and do so much for my kid. Thank you
Excellent course! All the cases, practices and details are applicable and most important...work! My parenting is better and looking forward to improve.
The lessons are very substantial to beginning parents and educators. This course exceeded my expectations and corrected misconceptions about parenting.
This course enables children educators to bring out the best of their learners and also to lecture parents on how to nurture children with bad habits.
This course has proved to be very useful for me. It taught me various behavior change techniques and added a lot to my knowledge for good parenting.
4 thumbs up for the professor. The lectures are very engaging and give real useful advice on how to deal with children in every day life. Thank you.
Great course. Techniques used are simple and Practical. Dr. Alan Kazdin has beautifully described each tool. Big Thanks to him and the whole team.
Absolutely essential techniques for effective parenting! The course explains in detail the tools and techniques used to achieve parenting goals...
This course is very helpful and able to know about children's attitudes and how to help them in their problems in behavior to overcome. Thank you.
A course that will help me a lot with my own children and the families I will work with. Thanks for your contribution, I recommend it to everyone.
It is my impression that Dr. Kazdin is an amazing professor. He provided valuable information in a very nice and engaging way through the videos.
Absolutely one of the best courses that i have taken to date. I have learned so much and feel like a better parent with all of the new knowledge.
I've had very positive experiences after implementing the methods at home. I strongly recommend this course to every single parent or caregiver.
I really enjoyed this course. Professor  Alan KAZDIN    is excellent and the field of knowledge as well as his ability to pass it is admirable.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. I learnt so many useful skills. The lectures were engaging and brilliantly delivered. Kudos, Dr. Alan!
I truly recommend this course it’s completely different from others and you will see a systematic way to develop behaviors in such a good ways
The course was really useful, it set new goals and guidelines for my family and I’m truly thankful for the dedication you put in making it.
Really helpful and powerful course. Found the modules priceless and couldn't leave the computer till i was done with all. Highly recommend.
This course is a treasure , It's easy and fruitful at the same time . I recommend it to all parents or anyone that interested in this field
A great course about child-rearing. The teacher is great and the explanations provided are clear. A course that I recommend for any parent
A must study for first parents, but also necessary for any parents to continuously improve their parenting knowledge and skills. Thank you
This course is very well executed, I love everything that I have learned. I have been able to effectively utilize this course in my home.
Very helpful techniques discussed in this course that allowed me to change my parenting way. I loved how easy the flow of the course goes
Great content, based on scientific research, simple concepts one can apply every day with minimal effort and hopefully maximum outcomes.
Thanks so much. One of the most useful and meaninful things ive study online. Congratulations to Alan...what an incredíble proffesional!
Well presented course for those who need some extra tips and guidance to help shape and change behavior in your kids. A big thumbs up!
I really appreciated the structured and clear instruction. I could replay videos, read the transcript, and utilize provided diagrams.
Excellent!! Doctor Alan is an excellent profesional and an excellent instructor, thanks to him and thanks a lot to Coursera and Yale.
I'm glad that I found this course when my child is only 11 months old. Now I believe I can prevent most of the problems and use ABS m
Amazing experience I had.. Looking forward for more courses like this.. It will be great if there is course on Learning Disability.
While the pace was slow, the content was excellent and easy to follow. I recommend this course for parents of children of any age.
the tools in the course are very helpful! the 2nd part of the course is more suitable for bigger kids, which is older than 1 year.
Its a terrific course based on thorough research and years of study. It works and it the best parenting method I have ever used.
Very Informative. The examples are steps given can be easily followed. I have already started to create a point system program.
This was so helpful! The course gave a lot of tip to use as a parent or a teacher beased on the cognitive behavioral therapy!
Thanks for all the tools for parenting!!! This course is truly helpful and looking forward to have new course in this field.
Very true !!! Being parents we become really bossy !! Thanks to Dr Alan E Kazdin to change our attitude  towards children 👶
This course immediately impacted my parenting skills, Kazdin provides a wealth of tools to add to your "parenting" toolbox.
Very practical tools are taught in the videos. Thanks very much! Recommend each and every mom or dad to join in the course.
A really insightful course. IMHO, this is a course that all parents must take because its contents are concise and helpful.
An awe inspiring course  on parenting, useful and a must to do course for parents and professionals working with children.
This a fantastic course for parent.  It's a total miracle - if you follow instructions, the child behaves. Just like that.
Absolutely fantasticAbsolutely fantasticAbsolutely fantasticAbsolutely fantasticvAbsolutely fantasticAbsolutely fantastic
Excellent course, course materials, perfect videos, teachings, notes , quiz etc.FABULOUS Thank you so much coursera team
This is a very very important and useful course! thank you so much Professor Alan! you miss a lot if you do not take it!
Thank you! I received a lot of practical tools and insights about parenting. Really a necessary course for every parent.
Fantastic course! The parenting techniques were not only backed by scientific research but also explained very clearly.
Wonderful overall! So much knowledge and techniques in so little time! Such a wonderful professor! BRAVO to all of you!
Great course! Helps make parenting much easier! Highly recommend to at least complete the first 2 weeks of the syllabus
great course!!! I feel this kind of courses help us to improve our lives! I am already using all the techniques learned
I'm ashamed that I didn't know of all of these techniques, I have four kids and three grandkids.  Great course, Thanks!
Very grounded and approachable course. The parenting  tools and techniques are practical and can be applied right away.
Good for parents, educators, child minders or to just to better understand some simple child and parenting psychology.
Highly engaging professor! Simple and clear with many examples. Lots of optional extra reading and links. Recommended!
A great course to understand the  principal items about parenting, with a right choice of theory-practice combination.
Great course! it shows that the teacher is an expert in the subject and transmits his knowledge in a very friendly way
It's was a very educative and interesting course. I learnt the ABCs of parenting and will practice it at home. Thanks
The course was very useful and I greatly appreciate the effort that the teacher have put into this course. Thank you!
I think the course is also suitable for teachers. I hope to use it to build better rapport with my students for 2018.
the skills and techniques introduced are really really practical. i've applied many of them on my boy. it's working!
This is an excellent course presented in a laid back manner.  Very practical.  I recommended it to several families.
Those lessons are very useful for a two boy's mom. There are so many techniques we can learn and try with our kids.
This is a very enlightening course. So glad I applied for it. Thank you air for the wonderful and detailed lectures
This course is great! Exactly what parents needed! Very useful tools and practics for changing children’s behavior!
The course contents are quite well-structured. The techniques taught in the course are very practical and specific.
A very useful course! Recommend for anyone who wants to learn more about parenting and understand child behavior.
I just love it. So easy to understand and so helpful!Thank you very much for sharing this valuable content. Belem
Everything here is useful. Learning about a new technique helps me to understand a much better children's world.
It was a good course and the instructor was just amazing. He knows exactly what he is talking and teaching about
Strongly recommend this curse for any parent . a teacher or even a student who study in ECD or Child psychology
Scientific and evidence based, well structured, easy to follow and interactive. I highly recommend this course!
Must 5 ★ for this course.It may be more helpful if there is any chance to upgrade the course as a professiona.
The course is easy to understand, and it elaborates on how to apply the techniques taught in this course too.
A very useful course for all parents who want to make an effort to raise their children in a stress-free way.
Highly recommended to all of you there who wish to understand needs of our kids and to be able to help them.
Exceeded all my expectations. This should be a course for every parent. Many thanks as it was an eye opener.
A really informative and helpful parenting course. I really enjoyed the delivery and the practical technique
This course learned me a lot about children and parents behaviors.Thanks a lot my teacher Dr.Alan E.Kazdin.
That was a great and free online course ever. I really like the content presentation and its useful ideas.
If you are looking for a very efficient toolbox that works wonder, look no further. Well done Dr. Kazdin!
Great Course. I have gained a lot of informations and really learned valuable skills regarding parenting.
excellent lecturer,great content,wonderful examples and relevant  metaphors to vividly explain the ideas
i like it so much, one of the best courses i ever attended.you can learn a new information every minute.
What a wonderful course you've created for parents ... and for free. Everyone should take it. Thank you!
This course was very useful and practical. I learned a lot about how to deal with my child's behavior.
this course has changed my outlook of parenting. thank you the entire course team for excellent work.
Excellent course! Very useful information for parents, teachers and anyone who works with children.
It is an outstanding course. Every parent or every person who deals with children schould take iit.
I am really happy that I found this course, it was very informative and Dr. Alan Kazdin is amazing.
This course is well structured and addresses all possible day to day problems of raising children.
extremely useful and insightful:) thank you for the clear presentation, useful tips and resources!
Wonderful and very very helpful. Thank you very much. Every parent could benefit from this course.
Lectures are very interesting and easy to understand. very helpful information about child rearing
Great and very relevant information, eassy explanations, interestings readings, wonderful course.
Highly Recommended to the Parents with easily implemented techniques to bring the change behavior
Very interesting and helpful course with useful guidance on improving the rearing of my children
I like it a lot the techniques and I think are working well with my children. Very good teacher!
Awesome. Eye opening and very helpful. I can recommend this course to all parents and guardians.
Excellent Course. it was worth doing this course for both of my parenting and counselling works
Very interesting and useful course that helps with the everyday life, not only with children :)
It was a really interesting, valuable and informative  course. It helped me a lot as a parent.
Very important for me to handle my kids as well as guiding teachers in our university schools.
I am glad I got to learn from such a knowledgeable professional during my child's early years
It is an amazing course. It is very clear and well explained.A must for parents and teachers.
Informative and practical. I totally recommend it to all the parents and teachers out there!
Really i love that content It is easy and effective Dr yale explained the material very well
I like to recommend this course for parents, intending parents, educators, care givers etc.
Very informative and I enjoyed listening to the tips given by Mr. Alan. Thank you so much.
Great source of information and a lot of learning experience for the parents and teachers.
This is really helpful in everyday life basis to handle children and teach well behaviour
I learned a lot in this course. Things I've learned here will last a lifetime! Thank you!
Helpful, useful, practical. Began applying techniques and saw positive results. Grateful!
Such a fantastic and insightful course with an amazing lecturer! I loved this! Thank you!
This course helped me to see that scientifically based, assertive parenting is possible.
Great teacher, very useful information for both parents and mental health professionals.
A very good course that helps to have techniques to work with children and adolescents.
Amazing course, you would really learn a lot of things and it'll make your life easier
great tools and practical information on how to raise a kid with behavioural problems.
Excellent everyday parenting strategies to build strong bond between child and parent.
In my humble view this is the best PARENTING TOOL COURSE out there. Well worth taking.
I learn a lot of things from this course as a parent and also as a teacher. Thank you
An excellent course for every parent to know your child exactly . Thank you Mr. Alan
Well explained with appropriate instances. it was easy to co relate with experience.
Thank you so much, you have changed our family life for the better, you're a genius.
It was excellent. Also, delightful to watch and learn all the techniques and cases.
It is excellent!! The way he teaches makes it so easy and clear! I really loved it!
Very good courses. They are very practical and useful for parents to try it at home
This course was life changing. I believe I will be a better parent to my daughter.
So helpful and professional !! All contents can be used immediately in daily life.
Excellent course!!! A real eye opening for child rearing and even family behavior.
I enjoyed this course a lot. It will be certainly helpful for parenting skilfully.
awesome insight and information on how to make parenting easier and more effective
A Must do! Perfect for child self- development and any issues with your children.
Instructor is too good and has lot of expertise in the subject. very interesting
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and the parenting techniques opened up my eyes.
Very informative course for new parents, old parents and everything in between
it was very good, but why the course period is not written in the certificate
very clear, concise techniques to be used. will be recommending it to parents
If i know about this course sooner, I can get off a lot of stressful moments
Excellent instructor. Informative reading material. Amazing tools to follow.
I absolutely enjoyed the course, it was easily understandable and available.
have completed around 20 courses on coursera, I think it is one of the best!
The course was very informative and it helped me a lot in my career growth.
Excellent in putting some Order by the A B C 's  in the parenting chaos...
Good course, systematic method and resources. I recommend  to all parents.
Amazing course! very fruitful, informative and applicable. Videos are very
This is the best stuff out there for helping parents raise their children.
Excellent course for anyone with kids! Great teacher, very knowledgeable.
Excellent program for parents from Yale University. Strongly recommended!
Very interesting. I feel like having made a lot of progress at parenting.
I will be a better parent for the rest of my life, thanks to this course.
I think it is a must for all parents, would-be parents, and childcarers.
As a single mom, this course is useful and will be. Thank you very much!
A highly recommended and excellent course for parents and parents-to be.
it is one of the best online courses, which I've seen so far. Thank you.
Good scientific based methods to shape and change children's behaviors.
The tools taught are simple and practical, and most importantly, work.
İt was really the most useful course I have ever joined. Thanks a lot!
It is based on research findings, easily explained and well delivered.
thanks for being a helpful friend to accompany my daughter and me !!!
Thanks for this course,  it was really amazing i learned sooooo much
Just GREAT! all these techniques were perfect to improve my classes.
Excellent Course with practical examples and very relevant points.
The course provide fundamental knowledge and skills for parenting.
Very useful course... Thank u so much for this wonderful course...
Thank you so much!So helpful during this difficult pandemic time.
Loved the course ! Enjoyed all the videos, lectures, and quizzes.
This is one very very usefull course for each parent.Thank you!!!
A good and quick overview of some important parenting techniques.
I really enjoyed this class and it was very informative as well.
A very good course to better one in raising a well rounded child
Really clear lecture. I will definitely read the author's books!
Excellent course! Dr. Kazdin was engaging and his methods work!
Excellent course helped me a lot as an older parent of 3 girls!
A useful course for parents and people who work with children.
wonderful! quality information, practical steps, wise approach
One of the best parenting course I have ever attended so far.
Excellent work from the Yale team with the parenting course.
I love this course, it´s great!!!!  Thanks profesor Kadzin.
Very useful information. I would recommend to other parents
Easy to understand, easy to put in practice, well explained
I just completed week 1 and literally I am loving it. :) :3
Magnificent! real value to be the best parent you could be.
Brilliant! All parents are strongly adviced to enroll to it
The course is easy-to-understand, relevant, and practical.
Great course, totally romended for any one that has a kid.
wonderful course , easy to understand with so many example
extremely good insights and really helpful in implementing
Great course with many  effective strategies and insights.
Every parent should learn and have this course. Thank you.
Dr Kazdin was awesome. I loved the course! Learned a lot!
Excellent course and very informative. Amazing Professor!
Loved the course! It´s totally worth it! Life changing!!!
Fantastic course! Very clear and easy to put on practice!
I like this course, it is easy to follow and very simple.
Very well explained and with cases studies to think over
This course was very helpful for me. Thank you very much
Great!!!! I love the professor style and his experience!
This course it's so useful, clear and easy to implement.
Very useful a course! professor is strongly engaging in!
I had a very great and refreshing experience.Thank you.
Best best class ever. So far is a great tool as parent.
This course is grate, for me it has been eye oppening.
Excellent course and I thoroughly enjoyed every minute
So many important and valuable methods in this course.
Very informative and enlightening for my child rearing
I have learnt so much through this course. Thank you!!
Its is so professional, useful. I have learned a lot.
the type of course any parent should have access to!
Fantastic course! Everyone should take this course.
Very Informative for first time parents especially.
Exceptional training for both the parent and the cl
One of the most useful courses for my private live!
This was well organized and thoughtfully laid out.
Highly recommend this course, it's really helpful.
its a good course, should be done by every parent
This course was really informative and helpful.
I just started but I'm liking it. Very helpful.
this course helped me get prepared for my son.
very helpful and  very practical for parenting
Very Easy to understand :) thank you so much!
Amazing Virtual Class. Thank you so much. :)
Great class with a lot of good perspectives.
a very systematic and well structured course
Forever Grateful to this Course, God bless!
excellent lecture..very clear and practical
Great and very useful in everyday practice.
Wonderful experience and superb trainer!!!
A very knowledgeable person to learn from.
a great course which was very interactive.
very useful course for parents or teachers
Great Course for every parent. Thank you !
well organised content. Wonderful course.
It is highly recommended for all parents!
Praise at the base of the child education
Very informative course. I learned a lot.
It's entertaining and incredibly helpful
Very well structured and well presented.
I truly enjoyed this course.  Thank you.
Very informative and easy to use! Thanks
Very useful stuff and clearly explained.
its a must course for good parenting...
Dr.Kazdin is a great, charming teacher.
Very useful tools provided.  Thank you.
It's a must for every parent or teacher
Very good course, I really learned lot!
Full of useful and helpful information
Very very helpful..Enjoyed learning...
Wonderfull and super complete course.
well presented and informative course
it was perfect !!thank you very much
very interesting, and captivating !!
The course was great! I learnt a lot
Every parent should take this class!
Thank you for everything Dr K Anita
Great teacher and straight forward
thanks all for useful imformations
Very usefull course for everyday.
Very good course! Learned a lot.
Really good course for parenting
I love the lession. Very useful
I loved every bit of the course
very helpful, Thanks professor
Clear and practical approach.
Thank you for this course!!!
Cool, Science, Useful tools
Professor is extraordinary.
easy,, interested,,worth it
It is an excellent  course
excellent parenting tool
The best in the subject!
GREAT! (AFFECTIVE TOUCH)
Invaluable information.
Professor is very nice!
Outstanding...Thank you
SIMPLEMENTE GENIAL...
Absolutely fantastic.
Highly informative !
The best of the best
loved the lectures.
Thanks Prof. Kazdin
Clear and effective
Great informaiton
simply the best
Top of the tops
