Class was boring and the professor wasn't inspired nor inspiring.
I was disappointed in the low level of this course, which I did not expect from Yale University. It is full of unnuanced generalizations, clichés and oversimplifications. Paired with dr. Wright's slow manner of speech and his blatant repetition of key words, I felt like I was in elementary school again! The details are also not always accurate. For example, in the part about Handel, dr Wright says that his operas are about classical history and myth. In fact, more than a third have settings in the middle ages. I could accept this as a generalization, albeit a large and unnecessary one. But he also says that the title character from the opera Rinaldo is some figure of classical mythology, which is factually wrong. In the context of the video it was not important at all. Yet if it's deliberate, it is in my opinion highly inappropiate to 'change' facts to fit your generalization. And if it's accidental, it's sloppy. In either case, it seems below the standard of Yale.And that was not the only inaccuracy, but I won't make this review any longer.In short, my problems with this course are probably due to my wrong expectations. It is probably a great course for the larger public, but the level is below academic.
Interesting course but it had way too many quizzes and was extremely tedious. I would not recommend this course to anyone!
A passable overview of classical music. Somehow it was both too deep and too superficial for me to really enjoy the course. "Let's go super deep on three compositions of one composer, and then oh also here are some other things that were happening at this time." I was hoping we'd engage with a lot of different composers to understand how music changed over time, but it seemed rather slapdash in its approach. The assessments are my biggest gripe - none of them helped me learn the content any better, and some were downright frustrating because of their complexity and/or irrelevant content.The professor isn't terribly engaging either, so I ended up moving through the videos pretty quickly except to listen to the music.
Over 70 quizzes! Not hard but tedious beyond belief. Pick your best questions, condense down to five or six tests, and this course is a four or five. Looks like the prof is unorganized and doesn't do know what is key to learning in his own course with this scatter approach to quizzes.
The course looks a lot like advertisement of a textbook. I don't have anything against ads, but ads are not very suitable for teaching.
What I've watched wasn't as what I expected. I would give it 2 out of 5 as addressing my needs.
Great lectures, but absolutely no supplementary materials, no assignment, no lecture notes, nothing. Just video. Worst organised course I ever seen on Coursera
The content is interesting but the videos are quite long. Also, in the audit version all quizzes are blocked.
Not exactly, what I've expected, but one could learn a few new things. It is informative.
Good lecturer, nice focus on the subject... it awakes your sensibility for Music.
He is awesome in reaching every aspect of Classical music.
This is an interesting and ear- and mind-opening course. In parts it is very good, but with some attention to a number of points it could be excellent.I will list a number of the issues that I would like to see addressed:The professor has a wide and profound knowledge, but speaks somewhat indistinctly. This is far from being helped by the English subtitles - I do not mean the transcription - but the English video subtitles (I am a native British English speaker) which appear to have been done by a deaf, non-musical, computer and hopefully not by a human. If they WERE done by a human, he or she was drunk or had no knowledge or interest in the content of the material. I have tried to contact the people in charge of the subtitles, but with no success. I understand that they are not the same people as those who perform translations. English subtitles for an English spoken course are apparently not handled by the translator volunteers but are so I was told, farmed out to an outside contactor. There are some absurd transcriptions in the subtitles, and it simply isn't possible to send in reports about each of them - Chello, Hayden, Richard (for we should) are just three that come to mind. The course deserves far better, even if Professor Wright's diction and delivery are sometimes problematic. I needed the subtitles, because Professor Wright's delivery is not always comprehensible. Unfortunately I found the English subtitles to be careless, wrong and inconsistent, and occasionally - groaningly funny.I would be happy to consider reviewing the subtitles - but for this would need them as a separate and continuous file, against which the spoken text could be compared. If someone would like me to do this, please contact me at mneugarten@gmail.com2. (for some reason this window does not allow the first point to labelled 1.) - the presenter plays (not always too well, on an appalling synthesizer. Why couldn't a piano be used? The music deserves better than the sound of a mock piano.3. There appears to be no accompanying reading material. Yes, Professor Wright's book is referenced, but this does not seem to be available outside the US. Surely some additional references could and should have been found by now.The above points detract in my opinion from what otherwise be a truly wonderful course.I would be happy to hear your feedback.Best regardsDr Michael Neugartenmneugarten@gmail.com
I feel Professor Craig Wright offers a comprehensive, varied, accessible and fun overview of a very large subject, starting right at the beginning of musical history and bringing you up to the present day. He uses a wide variety of visual and audio resources including relevant works of art, architecture, artefacts, sketches, quotes from historical documents, surviving musical scores, music recordings, videos of live orchestral performance, music animations, costume, period instruments and interviews with musical colleagues of his who are able to share their expertise. In addition to all this he offers us his own photographs from his pilgrimages to cities such as Vienna, which adds further to the course's personal touch. What comes across throughout Wright's course videos is his immense love of, and desire to share that love of classical music, which for me is a major factor in what makes the course so appealing. I also enjoy his sense of humour and efforts to appeal to a younger generation (Wright is in his 70s). At more than one point in the course he adopts fancy dress to reflect the period he is exploring. A highlight I feel is when the course features a clip from one of his lectures at Yale University where he enrolls some colleagues to enact a scene from Don Giovanni in which Wright plays an angry father, slain by Don Giovanni in a duel. It is a touching (and amusing) example of his good humour and ability to have fun with his students. My only criticism would be his own piano playing which is often rushed and inaccurate, but I feel this is largely due to the time constraints of filming the videos. By his own admission, he realised early on in life that he was not up to the challenge of being a concert pianist - he is primarily a musicologist, not a pianist. Every piece of music touched on in the course is available via the course Spotify playlist (extremely helpful) so there is no difficulty in listening to professional recordings of all the pieces discussed.I would highly recommend this course to anyone seeking a background knowledge of the evolution of musical history.
Good overall intro to Classical Music. First three weeks gives an overview of music theory, the rest of the course reviews in broad strokes the various periods of the history of music highlighting the advances and changes seen in each. There are attempts made throughout to tie the music history to historical signposts of visual and other art (less so to historical events, to its detriment). I have no special music background and never seriously played an instrument yet found the course fairly easy to follow. My tenuous grasp of music theory (acquired from those first three weeks) did not really limit me although had it been stronger I would have gotten more out of the course. But it was not essential. I think the teaching was a bit uneven - I appreciated the focus and pace (ie not too fast) but I thought some of the videos were plodding and the visuals static and unexciting. I read one of the reviews noting that Professor Wright's style was as if Mr. Rogers was teaching music history. Unfortunately I found this true in his pacing and delivery of information. The course itself fails to "sing", it tends to plod. It seems fairly basic and not particularly sophisticated; I would say that it fulfills its role as an introduction to music history for freshmen in college but failed to bring particularly intriguing insight to music that might excite an older student (like me - freshman year was 49 years ago for me). I am sure that Prof Wright can bring far more to the topic than this course would suggest. I was amused to hear him break into very credible Philip Glass (well, I can't play at all so he does far better than I ever could with all the music he plays). And talk about his friendship to John Adams. To sum up however: I enjoyed the course and it will be the basis of further learning - the point to an introduction!
Professor Wright is knowledgeable and passionate about his field. His lectures cover a lot of ground and provide a fascinating introduction to classical music. I enjoyed the course and learned a great deal. I especially enjoyed the lectures on the evolution of the piano. A couple of things are less than ideal.-Foreign-language pronunciation is often approximate at best-Mistakes on transcripts are left un-corrected. (Just one example: the lecture on the national anthems - Germany and Austria do not share the same melody for their anthems.)-Some of the quizzes are fine. Some questions, however, test small details which have very little if nothing to do with the main points of the lecture. (I'm not talking about the listening quizzes which some participants complained about in the forums. Those are actually appropriate in my opinion.)
A very good course that allowed me to occupy myself during this COVID situation, but also to enrich my musical background and knowledge as I never knew of many technical terms before nor of the various differences with the music currents. Allowed me to discover many artists and know their specific contributions to the musical culture of our world.My two criticisms would be the overabundance of quizzes in the course and their small ponderation points. Would have preferred one quiz at the end of each week offering either 10% or 15% of ponderation. Furthermore, the triad (diminished, augmented, major, minor) identification test was very frustrating and annoying. Would have preferred if such questions had been put inside another quiz that questioned other topics.Apart from that, a very good course I encourage you all to participate.
An excellent course that taught me (Swiss retiree with moderate keyboard experience and knowledge of classical music) a great deal of very interesting background information. It has given me a thorough overview of the periods and composers in the history of music and insights into the lives of the composers and the artists and general public of the various times. Additionally it has provided very useful inputs on the form and shape of music composition which will prove useful as I write my own simple works using MuseScore for music notation and playback. I plan next to follow the NUS course on "Composing Like Mozart." Hearty thanks to Professor Craig and the whole Yale Broadcast Center team - fantastic experience!
I have taken this course before. If I remember rightly it was a longer course (11 weeks?) and the pacing felt good. It seems it has been compressed into a 9-week course, with some weeks having quite a heavy workload demand and the whole course feeling slightly crammed and rushed.I realise that perhaps the longer the course, the higher the dropout rate, but I think people who made it to 7-8 weeks of the old course would continue it to completion, while for this course I found myself scrambling for time almost weekly -- I wonder if in fact the dropout rate wouldn't be higher at this kind of pace.Content-wise the course was excellent -- stimulating, clear, engagingly presented.
Overall I loved the course and found Dr. Wright to be very engaging. I learned a lot and truly enjoyed the experience. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is that I found the course too technical at times. As a "non-music" participant I found the deeper dives into the technical aspects of the music to be confusing and a bit beyond my understanding. I do not read music, nor do I play an instrument so it was easy to get lost in the jargon. I actively listen to and enjoy a wide variety of music across the classical spectrum, including opera. This course will definitely enhance my listening experiences because it gave me context that I did not previously bring to them.
I think it is a nice course, which helps you appreciate classical music more. Somehow, I feel the explanation of classical music up to Beethoven is stronger or at least less boring than the explanation after Beethoven period. nevertheless a fantastic work and I really enjoyed it. Thank you Professor Wright.
The course material was great.  The transcriptions were awful ... I quick review by the instructor would've caught easy and copious errors.  Someone seriously needs to spell / content check them for error.  That took a quality Yale course down a few notches for me.  I expected better.
I really appreciated the clear division of all periods.  It made sense and was enjoyable to take.  My only complaint is that it isn't more in depth.  It is very good for an introductory course and has increased my desire to keep researching this subject.  Thank you Professor Wright.
A well designed, informative, course with an excellent teacher.  One comment:  when playing musical examples, it would have been helpful if the instructor's comments had been put in text on the screen rather than having the instructor talk over the music.
Really great introductory course! I wish it could have been a bit longer on the modern and postmodern periods - they felt relatively short compared to the other ones...maybe introduce more artists and let us listen to more pieces?
Excellent panorama of classical music.I specially like the lesson about Mozart and the "Dark side of Mozart", and what was said about the social evolution of the musicians.
A great course. Perfect for beginner. I really enjoyed the journey of Western classical music from the Middle Ages to the present day.Thank you very much. I learned a lot.
Very informative and helpful in learning how to listen to classical music as well as what to listen for when you are attending a musical concert.
now I have a new view and better dimension of classical music. thanks to Yale University, thanks to coursera.
Great course! I learned a lot, discovered new music and the way mr. Wright presents the content is very good.
A nice guide to classical music.  I find the quizes too easy and too easy to do again until you get 100%.
simply wonderful, but hated his gregorian chant bit. as well assumes you know a bit about music theory.
Wonderful course which would have been better if I could access the text outside of the US.
Nice! I am enjoying it!!explained  in simple language, so it is easy to understand.
Slightly boring at some times but overall engaging and extremely diverse and fun.
Super long.  Super informative.  Loved the Beethoven week.
Great course! I wish I had taken it 50 years ago!
It was really fun until the last two weeks.
Very good. I want some more
Really appreciate Prof. Wright give us such rich content and sophisticated course. I really enjoy and love it. I am looking forward to seeing more high-level courses from Prof. Wright if there is any.
The excellent course I've ever taken. Thank you so much Prof. Craig. I had started with almost zero knowledge in music, but ended up with a box of music jewelries in my hand to enjoy. When the lecture reached to Mozart, I could not stop my passion to learn playing Piano, so I now do a self learning via online materials. I was unable to read the music notes even, now I am reading and challenging to know more day by day. I am a retired (from full time job) person, but starting to play piano like a kindergarten kid!  Thank you again for the wonderful classes.
One of the best courses I have taken so far.  The instructor is simply the best and the material is awesome.  I learnt so much and could not stop until I finished.  Great job Prof.  You are the best.
I feel that I learned the most important basics of listening to music.  I feel more qualified to differentiate between musical genres and have a conversation about musical terms.  I appreciated seeing the relationship of music to the others arts during similar eras.  This course was well worth my time.
This course has a lot of information. It is well organized, and so many music illustrations. I am really enjoying this course, and will freely recommend it to anyone interested in classical music.
I just need to thank professor Wright and Yale University for this wonderful and almost undescribable experience. I started watching the classroom videos a few years ago and I knew it was something remarkable. Now with Coursera the course is even better and I am glad I took it until the end. As an engineer I can assure this course transcends both technical and professional specializations for it touches our innermost sense of humanity. Not a single minute should account as a waste of time here. Professor Wright is an example of a master to be followed. His ability to teach the complexities of a Bach's fugue, the inspiration of Beethoven's 5th or the sensitivity of Chopin's nocturnes to a layman as myself goes way beyond just a simple informative course. Besides teaching you how to really listen and appreciate good music without being pedantic or dull, he shows many interesting curiosities as just someone who truly loves what he does could do. Mozart's extravagant character, his tiny piano, the places where he lived, all that made me go to places I had dreamed of. Clara Schumman's diary made me angry with our sexist world at the same time Robert made me cry with his Traumerei. Such remarkable experiences make this course a masterpiece. I could not recommend it anymore. Make yourself a favor and enroll now.
This course is great! Professor Wright and his team put great effort to make this course interesting and be easily understood. Though actually, I can't fully grasp all the information. I still recommend it to you guys who are interested in classical music. Some materials and questions are a little difficult for me because I'm not a native speaker, so I had to look up the dictionary for the musical terms. (I hope one day there will be well-translated Chinese subtitles.) But trust me, it's completely fine to learn these new words and concepts. I can think more about the melody and rhythm when I'm listening to the works of J.S.Bach and Debussy now. And I hope I can have access to these materials after finishing it.Anyway, If you stick to it, there will be gains! Thank you for the amazing course!
Professor Craig Wright did an exceptional job of explaining Classical music.  He's clearly passionate about the subject and shares that along with a litany of useful information.  His demeanor reminds me of Mr Rodgers, the way he masks education in friendly and easy to understand conversation.  I would love to study more under his tutelage.  Highly recommended.
Wonderful course with a lot of interesting, well-structured, enjoyful materials.  Thank you so much!
Perfect for a beginner, this course gives you a introduction to the evolution of classical music in a historical context as well as the technical wherewithal one needs to appreciate it. The lectures are nicely structured and remarkably easy to follow. Although 73 quizzes seem quite daunting at the beginning you'll come to actually look forward to them to reinforce what you have learnt. Furthermore Prof. Wright is an exceedingly pleasant individual whose lectures explain complicated notions simply without dumbing things down too much and places everything in an evolving context that gives a wonderful introduction to what has become for me a lifelong passion. A huge thank you to Prof. Wright and his team for the effort they have put in.
What an incredible course and what an incredible journey I have been taken on through this history of music. I am now closer to my own music then I have ever been before and I now have a much deeper insight into music  This is a course for understanding the journey of mankind as lived through music. As a musician I feel this is a 'must do' course for anyone who plays an instrument.
This course was an absolute joy, and I was always in a good mood after the lectures (except maybe minimalism and Copeland, whose technique I found quite boring after all the others). Thank you!
I enjoyed the course very much, and especially the tutor's interesting  and informative way of teaching.thank you very much. I feel that ai have really benefitted from it.Hilary Tirnover
This is an outstanding course in all respects, particularly for a long-time listener who is by no means a connoisseur of classical music. Prof. Wright's engaging manner allows ready access to his prodigious knowledge of history, musical eras, key composers, instruments, composition of the orchestra, musical forms, and the relationships that link music with other aspects of culture. I plan to revisit several segments of the course, in particular those on Bach, Mozart, Chopin and Debussy. I also will plug in my headphones and listen to the full-length versions of many of the pieces that the course could present only in snippet form. Dr. Wright and his team get an A+ from this grateful student.-- Jack MurrayNewark, Del.
This is a great course! I know every enroller says that, but I still need to repeat that fact. In this course, Professor Wright forwards his in-depth knowledges in both classical and modern music to us students in a very charming and inspiring way. He brings us some very fascinating stories about the composers, music pieces, culture, history and even architecture. I wish him all the best in life, such an amazing man!The quizzes are definitely not intended for the hush and neglect buddies. You should watch the videos attentively and look out for every single detail that would challenge you in the quizze. So, just be alert.And, start!
The course exceeded my original expectations which was to learn about the different periods of classical music, their representatives and historical context and conditions specific to that period of time. The course provided a lot more than that. Lectures were presented in a systematic way and enriched with enchanting lecturing style of professor Wright. To conclude, it was a great and enjoyable journey throughout hundreds of years of history of classical music. Thanks to professor Wright and the team that worked on creating the course!
This course well structured, interactive, funny and informative. I am a dancer and gradually got more interested in music but virtually knew nothing about it (except listening to lots of music) before I started. And now I am able to identify sounds of different instruments, pieces from different periods in western music and better appreciate musical ideas and understand how it all works. And I think it helps me grow as a dancer too.Big shout out to Prof Wright and all Yale members who made this possible!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I was able to continue with my work through a very busy time in my life thanks to the ease of using my phone to complete the lectures and quizzes and the format being simple enough to follow.  Craig was a delightful and effective teacher. I very much enjoyed his style of teaching, his expertise and clear explanations, combined with his humble and joyful personality really made the course. I learned so much! This has been a gift.  Thank you so very much.Karinne Geier
We thoroughly enjoyed taking this course and learning so much about basic musical theory and classical music. Very highly recommended to anyone who is even slightly curious about classical music. Professor Craig is very engaging, charming and knowledgeable and his online lectures are never boring, always super interesting. My wife and I now understand why this is one of Courseras highest rated courses and recommended it to everyone without reservation.
A great course for anyone who wants to try exploring the many eras of Western classical music! Professor Wright is very engaging and friendly. He would be the kind of guy that could teach you a lot of concepts about classical music over a glass of coffee. Also, the course will improve your sense of hearing music around the world, whether you are a musician or not. I honestly think this course is one of the best online courses I have ever had.
I’ve enjoyed this course since day one. Thank you Yale for allowing me to enjoy such quality content delivered by a master in his field. Thank you Professor Wright for sharing a small portion of your expense knowledge and experience in classical music!
Awesome class.  Great details and breakdown of Classical music.
It is difficult to learn more about classical music without playing an instrument so this course is truly a gem! The course outlines and materials were well-crafted to help us see the different periods in relation to one another, other forms of art, the predominant movements in art and society, against the background of some technological and social changes. In other words, the multi-disciplinary approach helps in the visualisation and reinforcement of the learning. I truly appreciate all the visual aids given in the course to help visual learners like me learn about classical music. Professor Wright has a likeable demeanour and exudes passion in his teaching. The best way to do this course - I regret not following up - would be to listen to the examples in the playlist in detail each week to consolidate your learning.
This course showed me amazing overview of Classical Music (as big picture) as well as many fascinating and memorable details about genres, composers and individual pieces. I've enjoyed the style of professor Wright and already miss his clever metaphors and funny jokes. I've spent many hours watching videos about and listening to music I've never really cared for, and enjoyed every minute of it. Meanwhile, I've found myself listening to Bach, Schubert, Mozart and Mahler just for pleasure — the thing I've never done before. And Air by Bach touched me so deeply that I've got back to my piano to train to perform it. The course is much beyond expectations! Many thanks to Professor Wright and the team!
This is the best online learning course I have ever done. I don't come from a music background, but the professor and his team could make me stick around patiently and learn about so many things for the last 9 weeks. This had been a very tough time with all the uncertainties going around us due to the pandemic, and this course played the role of a good friend to hold hands and take me along through this time. I am tremendously grateful to Prof. Crag Wright and his team at Yale, as well as the Coursera team for making this accessible. More power to you guys! :)
Highly recommended course. This course has been the best introduction to classical music and its styles of music. I have actively listened to classical music for the last 25 years but haven't had a full picture or analytical skills to the level I gained after this course. Prof. Wright is an engaging, entertaining and experienced professor. One of (if not the) best ROTI (Return On Time Investment) in my life-long learning journey. Thank you very much to Prof. Wright and his team!
I want to thank Mr Wright for the course.  I am a music teacher in English in Madrid (Spain) and I leant a lot about how to teach in English. I was overwhelmed of work because I had to teach online with my students due to coronavirus crisis and your classes were a relief for me every day. Besides I fulfilled a dream that was to study in Yale. At least partially. Thank you again. Celia Cosgaya
A thousand thanks.  The material of the course and the warmhearted pedagogy, may well take a completely different world and high stimulus to people in areas, regions and countries experiencing serious social issues. This purpose has a wide potential to make a shift in individual's  awareness, if carefully aimed. Humanism by means of classical music.
A very good introductory course. Craig is an excellent and engaging professor, he balances serious study with some fun. Above all, he shows that classical music is music that everyone can understand and enjoy.  This is an excellent choice for anyone who wants to learn more about classical music but were afraid to ask. Highly recommended.
A really informative and well constructed course. Professor Wright is very engaging and I can feel his passion in what he is delivering. Definitely enjoyed his playing with the TA and office hours as well! I had so much fun and learned so much from this course, so going to miss this. Thank you to the team that had made this possible!❤️
This course was beautifully structured. Although, I have studied classical music through the duration of my life, I found in this course many useful facts but more importantly a new way of approaching the way I listen to music. I thank everyone from the team for allowing me to experience this whilst also working a full-time schedule.
This Course was wonderful.  The Prof. is gifted, both in music and in communication.  The material is fascinating and just difficult enough to keep it challenging and fun.  This is a difficult time (Covid), and the Course was a perfect way to be alone together.  Thank you.
The best introduction to classical music one can get. Coming from a country like India which has its own musical tradition and culture, I expected that it would be hard for me to understand western classical music. But, this course made it smooth and palatable. Thank you.
A really good overview of music theory and the history of musical development. Would highly recommend if you want to learn systematically about Classical Music, and get to be familiar with some of the famous composers.
Professor Craig Wright is not only a gifted musician, he is a truly gifted educator. He made everything so easy and natural  to understand!Thank you so much for making this course available to the public.
Relatable and mind opening. Enroll if for no other reason than to discover music you forgot you love. There are a lot of great questions to chew on throughout this course. I highly recommend it.
This course is one of the most unique music courses out there, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Prof. Craig Wright takes you along an amazing journey through the world of music and the high arts. The strongest aspect of this course which makes it outstanding is the parallelism drawn between the historical development of music and corresponding changes in visual art, poetry, literature and even sculpture. For example, not only does this course beautifully cover the musical revolution during the renaissance, but it also gives you a wider context of the ongoing stylistic changes in painting, literature and architecture. The course also helps you get a comprehensive understanding of the life and personalities of the composers In addition to their music. Prof. Wright is a very engaging teacher who will always encourage you to think about and feel the pieces which are analysed. His charisma and charming nature give an extra dimension to this course. The visual tools such as animations go a long way in helping one understand the music more intuitively. Guest appearances from experts and class videos from yale add a cherry on top. I cannot thank this course enough for adding a new dimension to my life and would recommend this course to everyone. trust me, after this you would become a die-hard classical fan.
I'm a big fan of Classical music specially of the classical and romantic eras (I listen and practice on piano - my ultimate instrument - too) since many years ago, there were always questions rolling on my head regarding these eras and their most important composers but i never got the guts to search deeply for my answers among the scattered information every where, all this happened before i participated in this course.On this introductory course, i gained a lot of information and my perceptions of the music generally is expanded hugely in a way i never expected  :) :) :)Before this course i was an ordinary listener, now i'm a much way better listener; and i'm sure this will have a positive effect on my piano practicing too.Thank you very much Craig Wright, you really did a great job and efforts on simplifying a lot of information and display it in a very easy, organized, and pleasant way, and thank you very much Yale University and every one who participated, supported, and made available any information during the time of this course...you all really made a difference in my life.
Excellent intro course and well produced. The course discusses the various elements that make up the music from different periods. This understanding helps me appreciate the music more and articulate what I like or dislike about a particular piece of music. I was a bit sad after watching the last lecture as I would like this course to go on for longer as I really enjoyed it.  It would be great if there could be other courses that goes more deeply analyzing the music of each period.One comment about Coursera  is that it is irritating that the quiz cannot be saved if you don't pay up front.  I like to sample the course before deciding whether I want a certificate.  By the time I decided I like the course I was too far along to want to go back and retake the quizzes.
This course was  excellent! Dr. Wright's presentations were uniformly clear and interesting. I particularly appreciated the fact that he is not a 'classical music snob'! By that I mean, Dr. Wright was able to convey his love of the classical without being condescending towards the more 'popular' pop music. I learned or re-learned (and hopefully retained) a vast amount of information. I must say that I did not partake in discussion groups nor did I read the accompanying textbook or watch many of the suggested YouTube videos. I took this course during the COVID-19 pandemic and the course was an excellent way to focus on beautiful music during this rather dark period of the virus. Not a fan of some of what I thought were confusing quiz questions, but that's OK.
Great course! I enjoyed a lot from the journey of western classical music from medieval till contemporary. The teaching style of Dr. Wright is engaging and accessible for beginners. I will come back to the lectures and the YouTube lists of full pieces of music even after the completion of the course. This course further develops my interests in music, and I started playing keyboard synthesizer during the course and am learning music theory. The only thing that maybe could improve is the quizzes. Currently, all the quizzes are multiple choice questions mainly on musical terminology. It would be even greater to have more listening exercises and different kind of assignment like peer reviewed writing.
I studied piano for a few years as a kid and grew up loving classical music. I don't know if it was because of my music education or despite of it but I am fond of classical music and I regularly go to concerts, operas etc. I have my favorite classical composers, such as Mozart, Haydn and Chopin, and I know their works quite well. However, I never went through a systematic, end-to-end introduction to classical music before. There were mandatory "musical literature" classes in my musical school but they were awfully boring, and I didn't get much out of them. This course filled this gap in my musical education, and I can only wish I had someone like Prof. Wright teaching music when I was a kid.
It took me a long time to finish all the videos and quizzes. Great lectures. I need to watch some videos twice or even more times to fully understand the content. And sometimes when I go back and watch a previous video again I can develop deeper understandings of the content in it. The professor gives great comments on music works that help students understand. I wish I could develop such insights sometime. Music theory is interleaved with music history which is great, with the only problem that sometimes too little training is provided (e.g. asking students to distinguish triads in the quiz can be difficult for those who learn the concepts for the first time and do not have training before).
First of all, thanks to Yale University and Professor Craig for the wonderful Introduction to Classical Music course.This course helped me understand why I feel the way I feel when I listen to some pieces of classical music. I have always loved listening to classical music, but I had not had the opportunity to learn about music. After the course, I understand a little more about my satisfaction when I listen to classical music.Speaking about the course, I have to admit that it was a real challenge for me, because I am not an English speaker. This fact obligated me to watch at least 3 times each video. Despite the language difficulties, the course was a real pleasure for me.
I have thoroughly enjoyed this course. I’ve never studied music in any way before, and having this on line course enabled me to study from home in the UK  (during lockdown) and learn so much.  I decided to purchase the certificate after putting in so much effort, however, the course is still freely available to all students which is amazing. I thought the videos were excellent and the course also introduced different elements of the arts as well, e.g. architecture and art work, and it then showed how this related to the musical world. I think Prof Wright and his colleagues are great. I would recommend listening to all the bonus content and You tube playlists as well.
I am enthusiastic about this course! It is clear but rigorous and so engaging. Prof Craig is a perfect teacher, friendly but inspiring! Every student can see immediately how much he loves his matter and loves teaching. The mix of talks, examples at the synthesizer, paintings or pictures and drawings, original performances and talks with experts is so lively and stimulating.  I was really sad when I finished, I would have wanted to go ahead for ever.I hope that Prof. Craig will teach other courses on music; I will register for sure to any proposal from him in the future. Thanks so much for this experience and best wishes to Prof Craig and his team!
Professor Craig Wright is a passionate teacher and music lover who makes information easily accessible to anyone regardless of previous musical knowledge. I can better appreciate music since I've taken this course, simply because I can understand it better. I can identify musical styles, periods, and even composers. Pr. Wright shares anecdotes on composers and events that make the history and theory easier to remember. I have to admit that I wasn't sure if I'd like his teaching style when I watched the first few videos, but I was quickly converted. Professor Wright is so endearing and funny! An expert, really. I absolutely loved this course.
Absolutely lovely, wonderful and incredibly engaging course. I developed a habit to watch the lecture on my way to and from work and couple of times almost missed my stop to get out. :)I used to listen to classical music before taking the course, because I simply liked the feel it created. This course has allowed me to listen to it more intelligently, to know and recognize more of what I actually hear, and in case of postmodern music, explained nicely what are the elements that over time have become reasons for me not really liking it. Long story short, I use this course as an example to tell friends how amazing Coursera is.
This is an excellent course!  I  completed it during the "lockdown" due to the Corvid19 as I have had a lot more time on my hands, and it has been a wonderful experience.  Craig Wright is a fantastic teacher and the course is extremely well put together with a really good combination of music, music theory, biographical information about the composers profiled and general art history too.   I used to play the flute, and the course has inspired me to pick up my flute (for the first time in over ten years) which has also been a lot of fun.  If you have any interest in classical music, I wholeheartedly recommend this course.
Great course! I have sang in our church choir and our community symphony choir for many years but I learned music terms which aids in my music comprehension. The quizzes were challenging and required some outside resources (especially identifying the different triads). I have taken a music appreciation course at my local college but this course went into greater depth in music theory and history. I have taken 7 online courses from various universities but this is the finest course I have taken. Kudos to Professor Wright and his staff for constructing an outstanding course.  Submitted by Roger Gray, Canton, Ohio , USA
Excellent. I thoroughly enjoyed the course. My sincere thanks to Prof Craig White and his colleagues. Apart from his knowledge and skill, I am deeply impressed (and positively influenced) by Prof White's enthusiasm to teach the program and make it interesting to learners. I had zero exposure to any type of classical music before - but now i have developed a sincere appreciation of western classical music. I still struggle with identifying the scales and notes :( but that means i need to listen more. Overall, i loved the program. Thanks to Yale University for creating this.
Fantastic course! I can't say enough about it! I enjoyed it from beginning to end! Great professor, great videos, great format, tying in art to music to the great human experience! This class has it all drama and passion from these past great composers and artist, I can say learning about the human side of these artist helped me to appreciate one universal truth about creative people they are innovators, often misunderstood and usually have to leave this plan of existence to be really seen and appreciated. Thank you so much for this course it was utterly fantastic
Excellent course which I enjoyed through out its duration. The rare insights into the evolution of western classical music along with biographical details of the major exponents was really helpful. As a layman without much knowledge of classical music, I can now appreciate at least some of the technical details of the melody and harmony. The course has helped me immensely and my love for western classical music has grown stronger. Thank you Coursera for offering this course and thanks to Professor Wright and Yale University for putting it all together.
I'm not college age yet and am still in high school, but I felt that this was a very informational course that will help me to be prepared to enter the world of becoming a music educator in college. It was a sort of introduction to me of what college-level music classes might look like, and I just overall enjoyed the course. The instructor was great - very experienced, knowledgeable, and funny. I really enjoyed learning about the different styles, terminology, composers, and eras of classical music. Overall a wonderful course and would recommend!
A wonderful course, constructed very well to teach and reinforce ideas, concepts and knowledge of music which prompts one to look further, read and listen more. Ties in with art, architecture, history, literature, dance, theatre, artisans, science, the human struggle, the world and the universe. The depth of knowledge that Professor Wright has on a lot of subjects, his sense of humour and gift of bringing the subject to life in an interesting way, has made this a most enjoyable course and way to spend some of my time in retirement.  Thank You
The one of the best courses I've ever had. I realized that before this course I knew about the classical music almost nothing although I was confident in the opposite. Craig is a great teacher and he showed me the classical music from a totally different angle. I discovered a lot of new names, especially Hildegard von Bingen  - an absolute hit! Before starting this course I was afraid it would be boring and too "classic" but luckily I was a million percents wrong! Thanks for this wonderful journey through the classical music world!
This is a terrific in-depth course introducing the history of classical music. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in music. It will provide a sound foundation from medieval through modern music periods. This multimedia course is based on the instructor's excellent textbook (which is helpful but not necessary if you audit the course) plus many years of tecahing undergraduates at Yale. The Office Hours portion of the course, which is optional, was terrific, too. I give course and instructor an A!
This is a truly wonderful course that surveys the history and development of Western music. The professor explains the details very clearly and makes the course interesting. The first two weeks were a little dry for me, because the course started with the many technicalities of music. After the first two or three weeks, it becomes much easier to follow. Now I can go to Baroque opera and Stravinsky concerts knowing what to pay attention too! I am very grateful that the professor has done such a wonderful job!
I so thoroughly enjoyed this course and have noticed that I appreciate classical music much more, it's so exciting when I can identify an era or composer just by listening and using my knowledge from this course! Professor Wright is a delight and  also ties in other subjects and does a great job of creating an engaging course. I particularly enjoyed the brief opera reenactment. I just can't say enough great things about this course, I highly recommend it if you are remotely interested in classical music.
Absolutely wonderful course. Professor Craig was engaging and made the course even more enjoyable for me. I loved his sense of humor and the different materials presented. Some of the music theory parts could get complicated if you've never studied music but represent a challenge nonetheless and are interesting to understand. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to at least recognize and ultimately explore and enjoy classical musical a little more than the casual listener.
Dr. Wright is fabulous and the course is challenging and provides a comprehensive history of classical music, demonstrating, among other things, the classical roots of most modern popular music.  I very much enjoyed learning about musical forms and structures, which has greatly enhanced my appreciation of all music.  I was a classical music and opera fan before I started, but now I am inspired to continue my studies to learn to read music and play the piano.  Thank you Dr. Wright!
I really enjoyed learning music history. Professor Wright si an extraordinary teacher.The on line course productios is very well done and it goes further than watching someone speaking. It adds real Yale prerecorded classes, interviews with musicians, live antique instruments demonstrations, and of course images that gives context to this journey, maps, art forms, buildings, etc.I think I can enjoy from a new perspective classical music, historicly, technically and emotionally.
This course is a terrific introduction to classical music: the content is substantial,  chronological, related to reigning ideas in art and literature and placed in historical context, including technological developments. The professor is engaging, as are the performers, guests and the TA, More women composers are needed, and appear to be added with updating. Even a person who cannot read notes, such as myself, can follow the theory enough to understand the main ideas.
I enjoyed this course very much. My early introduction to Classical music was at the hand of Leonard Bernstein when he visited my Junior High School. He thought me to listen to the music however, this class thought me the why’s and wherefores of how the music developed throughout the centuries. I now feel that I can distinguish the era it was produced and the style and probably the artist who wrote it. Kudos Mr. Wright and thank you for an enjoyable summer of learning.
I absolutely loved this course beyond my expectations.  It was so interesting, engaging, at times challenging and thoroughly enjoyable.  I will miss dear Mr Craig Wright and his lectures though will revisit the videos again and again (as long as I can). This was and is a most excellent introduction to Classical Music (in fact, I think it went further than a mere introduction).  I also feel very privileged to be able to do a course offered by Yale.  Well done all!
Prof Craig is gentle, with lots of engaging stories and easy to adapt explanations. Majority of the quizzes are challenging so you feel good if you ace them. I love that as I finished my last quiz and video material, Handel's Messiah played in the credits, there was a digital confetti to celebrate my accomplishment and my Certificate of Completion email alerted, and the Sacher Torte (Austrian chocolate cake c1832) i ordered was delivered just on time;)
Best introductory music course. I have watched the class videos by Craig Wright many years ago, first in China then in the US. I really liked them and gained a deeper understanding on music. I also purchased the textbook online. This new coursera course is more engaging, systematic and interesting. I am really grateful to Craig and everyone behind the course to make it possible. You are a gift to us all. Thank you very much, truly and sincerely!
Very informative and engaging course for beginner who appreciate classical music and would like to start exploring this universe in a more academic way. Professor Wright is captivating in his ability to pass on to his students his knowledge and love for music. His lectures are fascinating and easy to follow even when the subject gets more technical. Thank you Professor Wright for making learning about classical music fun and interesting. Bravo!
This was an excellent course. The lectures were clear and easy to understand.  The professor was knowledgeable and approached the subject in a methodical and logical way. The examples and samples of music were easy to access (the playlists in YouTube were great, but need to be updated).  There were a lot of quizzes, but there was a lot material taught, too.  So far, of all of the coursed I've taken on Coursera, this one has been the best.
Very insightful and enjoyable course on all the eras of classical music! I definitely learn a lot on music appreciation especially on classical music and opera. Professor Wright introduced the major periods/ musical style on the characteristics of each and also walkthroughs with some representative pieces. As someone that used to think classical music as difficult to grasp, I hope you will find this course useful and enjoyable as well.
Thank you very much prof. Craig Wright. As my wife said, in the past several weeks I was engaged with you more than I did with her. It has been a pleasure being your student (although through the screen), your eloquent style, intelligent remarks, wide knowledge and humor kept me fascinated along the course. You and the Yale team have done an excellent job. Please continue enriching us thought your insatiable wealth of knowledge. Dekel
My father had a Master's degree in music, and taught music for 30 years. I myself worked for a major symphony orchestra (not as a musician). And yet, I still learned so much from Craig Wright and this course! He explains so many aspects of music clearly and in a memorable way, that even if you think you know a lot, you will learn something. This class is definitely worth your time if you are at all interested in classical music!
I came with relatively much previous knowledge about the content of the first third of the course and very little previous knowledge about the content of the last two thirds of the course. Yet all parts of the course were equally instructive, fun to watch, neither boring nor overdemanding. I can't imagine how that is done, especially in a MOOC where you can know nothing about the people who will watch it. The result is amazing.
Excellent introduction to and review of classical music. I have been listening to music, especially that usually designated as "classical", for many years, and have learned a great deal more than I thought I knew, from taking this course. The instruction and the quality of the sessions from a production point of view were first-rate. I highly recommend this course to anyone with an interest in music -- regardless of era.
My mother and I decided to take this course during lock down and a perfect excuse to connect with each other every day as we completed the 9 week course. Craig has been an amazing professor, we enjoyed every minute of it and are looking forward to seeing each other again hopefully at a concert hall listening to Vivaldi! Many thanks to Yale for making this course available online - very well put together. We are grateful.
Excelent teacher, very creative to show contents. Maybe the only complain that i have it's that you guys didn't give some spanish subtitle to your lessons, wich is something sad if you think on the excelence of your videos. Maybe the only other thing to emprove its the final video that you show, because sometimes its seems to be done very quickly at expense on the escene cut. However,  greetings from Santiago of Chile.
Prof Wright is amazing in terms of his knowledge of the subject, ability to teach and keep his student interested. For someone like me who had no prior exposure to music theory, the course became increasingly harder and I had to take some of the lectures twice. I'll take this course again in the future as I will forget some of the things :-) I wish Prof. Wright has more online classes. Thank you for an amazing class!
Allocate plenty of time for this course, but your diligence will be rewarded with a rich overview of a beautiful subject. Professor has an interesting style which might take some getting used to, but worth the effort. This course really grew on me as it went on and has left me with many fond memories and increased my love of music! Brilliant use of everything from rock song to religious chants to illustrate points.
I've been a musician since I was ten, but never learned music history before the Beatles. This course opened my eyes to vast stores of music and musicians I knew little about, but now appreciate in a whole new light. I also understand a lot more music theory after taking "Introduction to Classical Music"!Thank you, Craig, for so generously sharing your knowledge and your passion for the subject. Highly recommended.
Very comprehensive materials compared to similar course which  I took also on line from my school that I had to pay.  I don't wish to diminish the training and education of my teacher on line because she was a very well equipped professor of classical music too that I really learned a lot from her.  This time, it's almost like a continuing education for me.  Thanks to the very well versed professor of his subject.
I'm really happy of what I've learnt. I've always liked classical music, but now I have more reasons to like it even more and to challenge myself in recognising all what I have learnt and see how I've grown in music.  I also feel sad to have finished this course, as a really got used to get ready for my lessons and enjoyed the videos, Tests and all the knowledge from the team. It was a really worthy experience!
It was by far the best coursera course I have made and I have taking courses for more than 10 years, it was a fantastic journey through classical music and for that I thank you deeply Mr Craig Wright. I am somehow a bid sad that this  course finished after 4 months. I thank you deeply for the course. You are an unvaluable and fantastic teacher with fun and remarkable knowledge of classical music and beyond!
This MOOC was super nice to do. I wanted to get a bit of theoretical background and ways to describe what I hear. Before, I did not really have the right words to talk about classical music listening experiences. It was great to see the love of music conveyed by the professor. I particularly enjoyed how the connection to art of the respective period was made. That helped me a lot. Highly recommended course.
Many thanks for a wonderful introduction to classical music. Prof. Wright is a very skillful instructor who used various ways to make the course interesting and comprehensible even for those with little formal training in music. I learned so much from him, the guests, and the TA. I will remember these lessons whenever I go to the symphony or listen at home and have occasions to discuss music with friends.
Absolutely fascinating. Very comprehensive and excellent presentation. I loved the comparisons with visual arts. Professor Wright was amazing. I look forward to more courses on music by him. I took exactly a year to complete the course because of my busy schedule and I am so happy I could reset my deadlines along the way. Thank you very much Professor Wright and Yale University, and of course, Coursera.
Having never really taken much interest in classical music I found the initial introduction and teacher captivating. It has now given me a huge love for the style and history in general of music be it classical or not. I would definitely recommend to anyone interested in music and of any level of understanding of music, beginner or expert - you will benefit from this delightful series of lectures.
A brilliant course with a wonderful lecturer. I now have a far better and broader understanding of music in general, and how classical music was composed in particular. As for Bach, Mozart, Beethoven and Wagner...a genius is a genius, and you don't need to have any understanding of music to grasp their greatness but this course helped me see what they were doing to create such musical splendor.
A very well structured, balanced and presented course.  Mr Wright's presentation is light and humorous without compromising the academic content of the subject matter.  He manages to convey his own long standing enthusiasm and passion for music while, at the same time, presenting the supporting facts and historical context in in a very efficient and effective manner. First class throughout.
Loved it, Professor. Thanks so much for sharing your passion for music. Took me back to that beautiful magic work of classical music.Id love to know the name of the piece used on the very last quiz, where we had to identify to which period each piece belongs...Id need the name of the first sample. Female voices singing, modern music. It was kind of Glass stuff, but not sure. Thanks!!!
Really enjoyed this introduction to classical music!  Professor Wright was a very engaging and entertaining teacher.  Particularly enjoyed how the lives and works of the different featured composers were explained in context of their influences, the art movement of their time and where in the world they were composing.  Feel very inspired and would like to try to compose music myself.
LOVED this course. I've gained so much knowledge and I'm truly sad that this course is over. I've really enjoyed it so much and wouldn't think twice about taking another musical course with Prof. Wright. Highly recommended for any music lovers, no matter your familiarity with musical theory or classical music. Excited to use my newly gained knowledge whenever I hear classical music!
Excellent course. The breadth of topics covered was brilliant. Particularly liked the fact that the course was not limited to just music. Professor Wright covered concepts in painting, dance, and other art forms synonymously  with music. Would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to learn not just classical music, but to be able to appreciate just about any kind of music!
Professor Craig Wright is an immensely likeable and obviously very knowledgeable instructor.Post-Beethoven, the lessons tend to shift from a glorious stroll though classical music to more of a sprint, which is perhaps inevitable given the amount of ground to cover.Coursework is manageable and quiz questions logically follow the material.  I immediately want to explore further.
Highly recommend taking a journey though time and various styles of classical music with Prof. Wright and his collaborators. This course does a great job of showing how classical music originated and changed over time. It also puts music into a cultural context, with particular reference to visual art. You'll come away with a deeper understanding and appreciation of music.
This is a fantastic course, chock full of information and thoroughly enjoyable. I particularly appreciate how the musical developments and periods are given context through history and other art forms. The information in this course is invaluable for musicians, but I suspect this class would also be intriguing to students of history or the arts more generally.
Professor Craig Wright is learned, curious, entertaining, and innovative in getting us to the core of meaning and theory and techniques of classical music. I immensely enjoyed the course, in particular because I love art too, and Professor Wright often demonstrated music in a visual, artistic way! He is a great teacher!Russell Endo[novice to classical music]
I loved this course.  I especially enjoyed learning about the various style periods in music history and the main characteristics of each.  I learned about individual composers whose music represented these styles.  I learned basic technical vocabulary  which gave me an understanding of how music is created.  Thank you so much, Dr. Wright and the Yale staff.
That was a great course, presented in an intriguing way! I highly recomend it to everybody interested in music. The historic persprective was well structured and gave lots of insights to not only what but why and how happened in music. My own understanding is now bigger and deeper and I had a great time listening to our proffessor and his guests. Thank you!
I have to thank Professor Wright for some of the most inspiring and mind-blowing hours of my life. This course gives a comprehensive grasp of the history of classical music but also teaches about art, music theory, architecture, musical instruments. I will never forget how these lessons comforted me throughout the confusing and anxious times of quarantine.
This is one of the best courses I've ever taken.  Even though I'm from Argentina and English is not my native language, Professor Wright speaks very clearly and in such a way it is very easy to understand him, always giving examples and transmitting enthusiasm.  I want to thank him and his team for a wonderful experience in learning about classical music.
Thoroughly enjoyable and packed with information. I particularly appreciated the context of history, visual arts, literature and architecture provided throughout, as well as the detailed discussion of iconic works and tips for engaging with music you might not find accessible straight away. It has made me want to explore more music modules on Coursera.
Sensational. The professor is amazing. The course is really engaging, the content is of really high quality and the "lessons" are wholesome and friendly. The quizzes really helped me to learn, as I "attended" the lessons in house-work time, so failing the quizzes helped me re-watch the videos I did not follow enough. Please make more courses like this!
While the course took me more than 40 hours to complete, I definitely learned a lot and can now more readily recognize the mechanics of classical music and the period from which a piece came.  Professor Wright was fantastic - it’s clear he loves what he does and enjoys the art of teaching classical music at Yale.  I would highly recommend this course!
I am a beginner in classical music and play the violin for fun.The course was like a journey from ancient times over the times until today.9 weeks were not so long in comparisons which cost only a masterpiece of the composer.I have learned a lot and now I see a lot more hard work in this course. My thanks go to Professor Wright and his excelente team
I like the course very much! The music covered in the course is really beautiful.The professor teaches us how to appreciate a piece of music step by step. Before taking this course, I just knew the music is great! I like it!  After taking the course I can listen to the music in a more scientific way.I really want to say thank you to the professor.
I grew up in an "if you can't do it, stay away from it" environment and as a kid with a ear stomped on by an elephant that is completely unmusical it didn't make much sense indulging in a pleasure and a subject I could never possibly pursue and practice. Following the course showed me you don't need to be a born creator to enjoy classical music.
This course has not only taught me a great lot, but has allowed me to actually find a way to get closer to classical music. Although I have always said I liked classical music, I had never understood it as deeply as this course has allowed me to. I am profoundly grateful with everyone that made it possible for me to participate in this course.
I want to thank you all for this course the I had just finished, but specially I want to thank Professor Craig Wright because he is an excellent teacher I that made a great impact in me.I learned many things that I didn't know I wanted to learn but most of all I will keep in my hearth hours of profound enjoyment . My best to all of you,Ivonne
Excellent!!! Professor Craig Wright and team delivered it well. Classical Music saved my life from boredom and anxiety in this time  of CoviD19 pandemic. Now, I learned that i am more of a classical person, i sleep, breathe and relax well of this kind of classical music. Probably, I am an old soul inside, in a pop-modern lifestyle. Cheers !!!
I strongly recommend
this course to anyone interested in Music ; it’s a fabulous journey
through centuries, from the early Middle Ages to the Postmodernist
era.

Professor Wright is
always caring and exciting.

I have been looking
for such a course for years.Thousands of thanks
to Professor Wright and to the team to imagine and produce it !!
The Material and how it is presented is great, very professional and supported with different approaches and activities to maintain it fun. The historical references and the examples are also very interesting and meaningful. I really enjoyed this course, I wanted to join the visit to Austria but it is pretty expensive for me, maybe some day.
Well-structured, well-paced, easy to understand. Good mix of classical music and pop music references to help you understand. This course really helped me to understand exactly why I love certain classical music pieces. FYI if you're on Spotify, someone's created an accompanying playlist so you can listen to the music he references in full.
This is a great course. I really enjoyed doing it, and I must say this course kept me going as it was very stimulating. The video lectures was great, clearly explained and easy to follow. I have already recommend this course to my friends, and I would like to thank professor Wright and all the course team for making such enjoyable course.
Thank you Pr. Wright for this excellent course, I really enjoyed the content, the structure as well as your way of explaining things! As simple music lover, I have been listening to classical music since a while, this course helped me to have a more structured knowledge of it. Hope you would think of recording more and deeper courses.
What a fascinating learning experience, a joyful, enriching journey with Prof. Wright through man's history of music and fine arts, looking into a wide spectrum of sounds, sights, movements and culture. I wish the course were a never-ending one. Heartfelt gratitude to Prof. Craig Wright, Yale Broadcast Center and the Yale University.
A great and engaging course to learn about some music theories and different styles of Western classical music! I really appreciate the instructor and other members of the team that put the course together and put it out on Coursera. I feel like classical music sounds different to my ears now, and I am inspired to learn more. Thanks!
I am very satisfied and excited with this course! It is very beautiful and interesting course! Indeed, the professor Craig M. Wright makes it more interesting and entertaining!! He is an excellent professional, and delightful to hear and look at!!My best regards for him! PD: I am waiting for his published book coming out this year..!
I simply love the course! I've rarely seen a professor who is so good in fascinating his students. I feel like I'm not only learning a lot in this course, but that it is also great fun learning with Prof. Wright. Thank you very much for that, I really appreciate the work everyone has put into this course, it was definitely worth it!
The course will be difficult for those who have no musical training. I enjoyed the course, though I often wished Dr Wright didn't play the piano himself as wrong notes spoil the impression. I'm also puzzled why a renowned musician like Robert Blocker plays Chopin's prelude in C minor wrong. Thank you for the course, Yale.
Haven't finished watching yet, but absolutely love the material, surprised at times by the accuracy of the comparisons with architecture, art, philosophy and teology even. Professor Wright is incredible - so happy to have stumbled upon the course, and what luck it is to be introduced to music by such a talented teacher.
Wonderful introduction to the world of classical music. I learned some music theory as well as a great overview of the history of music. I have been playing instruments for fun since I was a child, but I feel like I have a greater understanding and appreciation of music now. Thank you for sharing this with the public.
I find this course essential if you are interested in classical music. It is a great way to grow as a musician (I am a nonclassical musician) and as a listener. The simple explanations and the organisation of the teaching material make it very easy to understand everything, even if you don't know so much about music.
Great course! Really helped me to get to know the main works of the History of Music, and to grow the taste for classical music. Excellent didactic by Professor Craig and his team on the "Office Hours". Enjoyed so much, and now will keep learning with all the suggestions of music to listen received during the course.
it's by far the best way to introduce yourself into classical music even if you ever listened to or think of it as a boring subject.professor Wright spreads his love for music with well explained examples and a fine sense of humor.I wish all music teachers i had when i was a student  were like professor Wright-
I really enjoyed this course. This course really broadened my knowledge of classical music and it  definitely lived up to my expectations. I was never really experienced in classical music but this course has sparked my interest in it. If you take this course, I am positive you will  be happy with its results.
This course gives a broad overview of Western classical music from the Middle Ages to the 21st century. The first three weeks give an overview of some basic music theory, so if you have a background in music, you may want to breeze through those quizzes and get right to week 4, where the action really starts.
Excellent!!!, a huge thank to the team for putting this together, especially Mr. Craig Wright, I have gained a lot insight and appreciated classical music even more, I love the way the class was taught, it's very visual, interesting and in a moderate length. Definitely love love love the office hour too <3
This was a fantastic course!! I truly enjoyed Prof. Wright's lectures and listening to tons of beautiful and interesting music pieces with his informative commentaries. What a wonderful experience! I would recommend this course to anyone who loves classical music or is interested learning more about it.
An outstanding course with amazing multi-modal coverage of Classical musical history, cultural and technological influences, and lots and lots of music to listen to and great support to understand it! I really loved this course and learned much more than I thought possible. Craig is an amazing teacher!
Professor Craig Wright is so knowledgeable. He teaches a difficult subject with interesting art examples and music pieces. Especially, he has a strong musical networking, he brought some distinguished colleagues and friends to demon the music.   I learn so much from this course. Highly recommended.
This class is part music-theory, part music appreciation, part exposition, and part history.  I enjoyed the guest presentations, breakdown of compositions, and visualizations that were created for some of the compositions.It's one of the best classes I've ever taken, I can't recommend it enough.
Having a total blast and it’s only week one. The explanations, visuals and modern comparisons are a delight ! ( who ever came up with comparing and contrasting Swedish House Mafia with a classical example is a genius!)  The tutor is ace the curriculum looks clear and simple. Thank you Thank you
I'm really satisfied, everything was awsome. I just wish that it could be a little longer and deeper in some sections, but, in general, it was really good. Now that i complete the course i feel pleased and grateful for everyone involved and for the existence of internet. Thanks from Brazil!
Such a fun and educational course for the classical music lover. It'll make my visits to the opera and symphony even that much more engaging. Thank you for opening up this course during the Pandemic -- it provided solace during these unprecedented times. That's what music does, right?  :)
Professor Craig Wright is exceptional. I love how passionate and technical he is, but also how goofy he is and makes the course seem fun. The course is very technical and teaches about terms in italian opera, and breaks down the technical differences between each classical time period.
Excellent course! Would take it multiple times. 'Eloquent' in his approach, Prof Craig shed new light on the way music will be perceived by me going forward. Would recommend it to anyone looking to take their understanding of music to a new level! Thanks Prof Craig and Yale. Well done!
This is one of the most delightful and fulfilling Coursera courses I have completed. Professor Wright has done a fantastic job in presenting a complex subject, focusing on the important details without getting lost in the enormity of the subject. His screen presence is one of the best.
Excellent course, and special thanks to Craig - who did the course very entertaining and simple to understand. I highly recommend the course - even with no knowledge of classical music at all. The videos are high quality and there are many relations also with art and historic context.
I enjoyed going through this course a lot! Easy to engage, interesting to listen. Filled in my blank spots in music history and systematized my fragmentary knowledge back from music school. Thank you, Professor Craig and Yale University team! Great honour to be a part of this course
That was an amazing content. I learned many things but first of all met my expectations which was to listen a classical piece by understanding how it was composed. Thank you so much first of all to Craig David and all the people behind the scene. Hope to meet you one day at Yale
The course is extremely informative. I was able to pick out all the information I wanted (as a non-musician but music lover who wanted to learn more about Classical Music). Overall, I was very impressed by the course in terms of quality of information and its clear presentation.
A very well crafted course! The videos are just great, and the quality of the classes were beyond my first expectations. Professor Wright is also a wonderful educator and a very charismatic man. My many thanks to all the Coursera and Yale team for providing this amazing course!
I really enjoy this course. As a classical music lover for more than 20 years, I can still learn quite a lot for this course. Highly recommended for people who like classical music or who want to know about classical music. In either case, you won't be disappointed.
I have adored this course, the content and Mr. Wright's approach.  His enthusiasm and knowledge of Classical Music shine throughout the course.  He has made classical music far more approachable for those less in tune. Thank you for the wonderful course Mr. Wright!
Enjoyed it all. Professor seems to delight in all epochs and cultures of music equally, irresistably draws the student with him into the historic and visual arts context of the musical styles, immeasurably increases knowledge and enjoyment. Highest recommendation.
Professor Craig Wright is a very engaging lecturer. The course was never boring at any point and very informative. The assessments are manageable and more focus is placed on the learning process. I thoroughly enjoyed it and would highly recommend this course.
I did not imagine, that I would have so much to learn in a short course in a such enjoyable fashion. The affection for the οbject, as well as the experience and well metabolized knowledge of Professor Wright, is worthy of consideration by every music lover...
I thought this course was well structured and provided a great introduction to classical music. As someone who listens to classical music I am better able to appreciate the various textures and  influences of many composers. Thank you so much for this course!
This was a well structured and prepared course.  Dr. Wright's knowledge and enthusiasm of music is infectious. Anyone who took this class came out more well rounded not only in music but in all  the arts.It was enjoyable!  Thank you Dr. Wright and his team.
Professor Craig White is such a fascinating instructor. Finishing my course now, I am already missing his enjoyable visits to my home and his talent at making concepts that were complex to me understandable. A pleasure to have followed this course with him!
Exceptional course, very well taught. Besides the obvious analysis of many composers, a remarkable highlight is the comparison between music and other arts, such as architecture and painting. This helps to see music in the natural evolution of the world.
Very interesting course about the development of classical music. By giving comparisons between music, architecture, visual arts, literature and by giving some historical background of the specific time periods, it give a good idea how the music evolved.
I really enjoy this course a lot!!! Detailed explanation, background of composers and brief history, examples, class videos, comparison between music in different period, and arts and architecture of those period. Hope to have more courses like this :D
What a wonder and enlightening course, spiced with a little humor.  I have always wanted to study music,  but didn't have the money or time.  Now in my retirement, I can enjoy what I have always wanted to do.  I looking forward to other music courses.
Very well done and interesting, the professor is really passionate about both the music and teaching. Gives a good overview of both musical theory and the "capstones" of classical music from the middle ages to the present day. Again, very well done!
Most enjoyable, informative and inspirational from beginning to end. The course opens up the whole world of classical music and inspires the student to explore more and more in their own musical journey.Many thanks to Professor Wright and his team.
This was a very well put together course. Many areas of significant  western classical music periods  were discussed and shown here. The best part of this course was hearing about music that one may not of been as aware about but excellent as well.
Great introduction to classical music. Goes in depth at times, but is accessible to all I believe. You don't necessarily need to have a musical background, although you might find yourself needing to work a lot harder in order to understand things.
Execellent course. Congratulations for my dear Professor Cright. He is a brilliant teacher and I  really . I really felt like her real pupil, listening to his classes and taking his quizzes . Thank you so much for share with us all what  you know.
I did not take this course for a certificate. I enjoyed it thoroughly and enjoyed it so much. Some of it was over my head, but I sure learned so much. I highly recommend this course. I certainly have a deeper understanding of classical music.
Professor Craig Wright is very engaging and knowledgable. I learned more than expected about the physics of music and came away with a very diverse classical music playlist. Looking forward to more courses of this kind by Professor Wright.
It was a joy to go through this course and made a relaxing end to the day. The professor is extremely knowledgeable and brings a wealth of personal experiences to the class. Don't be worried about the time commitment, it will just flow.
This was a great course.  A wonderful mix of  music history, development, form and insight into composers.  I really learned a lot and will be able to listen to music with more understanding and even more appreciation.  Thank you Craig!
The course is very well structured and takes great examples of each era. Craig is a very witty and engaging teacher. The course material is interesting an in-depth enough that not only novices to Classical Music can learn a lot from it.
I really enjoyed this course, the videos were understandable and each of them was really interesting. Now I can only hope that my ID will finally be verified so that I didn't pay without getting my certificate. Thank you for this course
I have enjoyed every minute of the course, I always love classical music, but the tools of the course help me love it even more. I am really grateful that Yale and Coursera give us the opportunity to love and comprehend classical music
This was an amazing course. Even better than expected. I'm an undergraduated student and I found this course so helpful in many aspects of my career. So inspiring and easy to undestand. Thanks a lot to Dr. Craig and all the Yale team.
The teacher explain its perfect, the teacher is divine. He explain lots of things but not boring you, he explained it making you to understand and you feel the happiest of the world.here I've putten 5/5 but if I could I would put 6/5.
Professor Wright does an exceptional job of transferring his passion for music to the class.  His general overview of the types and history of classical music has made me appreciate the various era's that are grouped usually as one.
This is the course you need for starting your journey to classical music. Good base, interesting lectures, a lot of facts, quizzes that test your knowledge and motivate you to learn more.Thank you so much for this wonderful course!
A stunningly good course.  I completed it in the middle of the Covid-19 crisis and there was no better time to have a course to keep me grounded and generally positive.  A heartfelt 'thank you' to Prof Craig Wright and all his team
I've enjoyed the course immensely! it is so much more than just music, it's a thoughtful introduction to architecture, painting, poetry and so much more! Very helpful for navigating the arts and culture. Thank you Professor Wright!
Excellent and compelling course; great introduction to classical music splattered with interesting facts to make it more entertaining, would recomend 100% for those looking to get a first and complete glimpse into classical world.
I loved this course! I’m not a musician, but I listen Classical music and I learned a lot with professor Craig, who is  the best teacher, very nice and smart.I recommend this course to anyone who loves and enjoy classical music.
During this course, as a complete novice, I am shocked daily by how much there is to learn about music. The course does an excellent job of inspiring one to learn more and providing the quality of content to enable one to do so.
Well structured, engaging professor, interesting material, easy to understand. As a complete novice in music, I had some troubles following some of the terminology, but majority of the course has an easy to understand approach.
This course was extremely informative and entertaining. Professor Wright is an excellent educator, he makes music theory understandable, and I felt compelled to keep coming for more lessons. Thank you for this wonderful class!
It is a very complete course. I recommend taking it to both musicians and non-musicians. The teacher explains very well and knows how to approach topics in a fun way. I wish there were more music courses from Yale University.
I always wanted to understand the world of classical music, where it comes from and how it has become the way it is, and thanks to the course I can say that there are almost no questions left to answer, only music to enjoy.
Amazing introduction to classical music! I've learned so much. Professor Wright is an excellent teacher, he will draw your attention by his knowledge and his sense of humor. I can honestly recommend this course to everyone!
A great course with a wonderful, enthusiastic professor who has a real passion for the subject. I really enjoyed taking this course, and recommend it highly to anyone who wants an introduction to western classical music.
Professor Wright is excellent.  He is impressively knowledgeable, and his presentations are interesting.  He uses a variety of methods to get his point across and to reinforce his information.  Well done, and thank you!
It's a great course! I loved the classes and I would like more courses of this kind to be opened. Thanks to Professor Craig Wright, his collaborators and Yale University for the opportunity of this wonderful learning.
Excelent course. I am
an amateur guitar player, and I took this course in order to see if I could
find something new, which I did. The way this course is presented is excellent.
Also, the teacher is very charming.
Excellent online class. I enjoyed it every single time I viewed. Thank you for offering such a high quality level of online courses.  Thanks professor Wright for sharing your passion for music and its "divinity".
This is a very complete course that takes you from the medieval to post modernism in music and sometimes in painting, architecture and sculpture. Profesor Wright makes this course pleasant and very insteresting.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I was pleased with how he pulled together arts and culture together to create context. In the end, it wasn't just a musical introduction, it was an informative history lesson.
I had a lot of fun learning about classical music. Dr. Craig made it easy for a true beginner like me.Thank you for providing students from all over the world with the opportunity to learn from top educators.
It's perfect! We had a Musical Literature subject at a Musical School - and it was soooo boooring!And this course - it made me think about music in a new way and now I had a wish to share it with my friends
Very good course, interesting and educational. I really enjoyed it. I wish the professor will give another and more complex course about music understanding that involves specific notes, pitches and sclaes.
Dr. Wright is fantastic. The course, along with his book, are perfect companions. Once you go through both, you will learn classical music through the eyes of history and appreciate the nuances of the art.
I was so lucky to meet the course and meet you master. You have my appreciation for give us a chance with music. I wish you are always well and so there will be more course for classical lover from you.
I really enjoyed this course - interesting, informative, accessible, excellently presented. I only wish there were more in-depth courses in respect of the topics covered, as I would love to learn more!
It has been truly a great experience. Prof. Wright is a great teacher and not only he thought about music itself but about its history; its relations to other forms of art and the evolution of society.
185/5000Professor Craig Wright's classes are easy to understand and rich in knowledge. I'm a Brazilian, so really appreciate the opportunity to have learned from this great Yale University professor.
Excellent overview that enhanced my knowledge and understanding about classical music.  I enjoyed it very much and highly recommended to anyone interested and passionate about this type of music.
Thanks a lot for this course. I have completed it a few months ago. It had changed the way I listen to music - not only classical one - toward more understanding  and pleasure. I am so grateful!
I took the course about 5 years ago. I just completed it again, and perhaps got more even insight and knowledge the second time around.  Thoroughly enjoyable. Well done!Bill H. Toronto, Canada
The course is taught according to the Prof. Wright's textbook Listening to Western Music. While it does not require preliminary knowledge, you will learn a lot serious music knowledge from it.
A very fun and engaging course. This course has helped me gain insight into the world of classical music more deeply. Would recommend for anyone who seeks to learn more into the art of sound.
I loved this course. The professor was amazing and took his time getting the information across. It's great to learn from someone that you can tell has a passion for what they do. Thank you!
The course is very useful to get a basic but solid knowledge of the techicalities of classical music, the different periods and genres.Thanks to this course, I have discovered a new passion!
This was a wonderful class! It met all of my expectations and was exactly what I wanted from an online course. I learned so much and feel less intimidated while listening to classical music.
Excellent course for individuals inclined toward Western Classical Music. The course offers a great opportunity to learn about some of the finest composers in the history of classical music.
The professor has a love for teaching that simply energizes his audience. He is a great speaker and uses examples to illustrate his points. This is a wonderful course! Highly recommendable!
Prof.Wright was thoroughly engaging, especially through materiale outside music, architecture, and other forms of art which made the lectures very relatable  to introductory level students
Absolutely loved this course. I learned so much about classical music. The course really joined the dots for me, from Medieval to contemporary music. Thank you Craig, and the team at Yale!
Exceptional! I learned many new things as expected. And now I want to learn even more. This is the ultimate criterium for a successful course. Kudos to Professor Wright of my alma mater.
I greatly enjoyed this course. I have a background in music and I learned a lot. I really enjoyed getting some tools to start to differentiate between different eras of classical music.
This course is excellent! The course structure is logical for me with basic knowledge on music, and I did know much more about classical music on both pure music field and theory part.
The course engages in classical music listening as well as teach you essential music theory to understand muscial forms and genres. Thank you very much, Prof. Wright and Yale's Team!
An incredibly enjoyable way to learn about one of my favorite subjects! It has greatly enhanced my knowledge of the area and the course content was easy to follow and well laid out!
I do appreciate very much this course and learned many things. I think this is very good course for everyone, in particular the beginners like me. Thank you very much Prof. Wright.
An exceptional course with an exceptional instructor. I came into this with no prior music knowledge and am leaving with a profound respect and love for over 1000 years of music.
The course is absolutely brilliant. It developed both my knowledge and my interest in classical music and left me with a feeling I want to know much more! The professor is great!
A brilliant, comprehensive and accessible introduction to classical music. The playful, casual tone and myriad audio examples really helped me understand the concepts covered.
I enjoyed learning about the history of classical music and how composers communicate meaning. Professor Craig Wright’s passion for teaching keeps you interested and engaged.
Thank you Professor Wright! You are an excellent teacher, full of heart, and most patient and inspiring. You have opened up a new world of music enjoyment and learning to me!
Excellent, highly relevant and not very technical. Just what I need to get to know and understand and appreciate classical music better as a music lover, not music performer.
Dr. Craig is the best, 

his way of communicating love towards music is very emotionaland, his explanations about music theory and historical events were funny and friendly
Congratulations It exceed my expectations, I love music and as Aron Copland say it's important no only to enjoy the music but to understand it.Thank you so muchVíctor Béjar
A wonderful and comprehensive introduction to Classical music. Excellently delivered by Professor Craig Wright and his team. A must for anyone interested in classical music
I took this course in conjunction with another related course. It was much better than my other course. Good content, keeps the user engaged. Still using what I've learned.
Absolutely enjoyed every single moment of the course!. It opened my eyes to new possibilities when listening to well loved music. Highly recommendable!. many thanks indeed.
This course led me to appreciate a genre of music I never thought about before.  Professor Wright was a delight to learn about music from. I highly recommend this course.
The course is great! I learned how music evolved through history, its intercourse with art and general movements and also some interesting fact :) I enjoyed every lesson.
I love the visual aids and the variety of information I learnt about Classical Music... I am interested in looking into the program further because of this introduction:)
A wonderful tour through music, a must for both those comfortable and those less comfortable with classical masterpieces. Very engaging, wonderful way of teaching things.
It's a "tasting menu" of classical music - a little bit of everything. A big thank you to the creators (and prof. Wright) for taking us into this fascinating journey! ✨
It's wonderful. It improved by understading and asthetic a lot. The choices from each musical era is very representative, and I get the flow and development of music.
Excellent primer on classical music; no music theory needed but some concepts provided throughout.Took the class during the COVID-19 pandemic; very nice distraction.
Wonderfully interesting course, given by an amazingly profoundly learned professor that has enriched my life. i'm very grateful to have been exposed to this course.
Fantastic introduction to Classical Music, with a great professor and a good mix of theory and examples to keep me interested and committed for 9 weeks. A real gem!
Loved this course learned so much that I have enrolled in the 2 courses that were recommended- Music as Biology and Fundamentals of Music Theory - Thank you!!!!!
I love the lectures, I do not play a musical instrument, but majored in history and you include a lot  of that during the course..  I wish there were less tests.
The best thing that I've done during these covid-19 days, is taking this course. With Professor Wright, it becomes a great experience and an amazing journey ...
Best one.i really liked it. First of all it is my favourite stream to study. And second I got a opportunity to study this course for free.thanks to Coursera ❤️
The material, explanation, music and video are all excellent. This is the most wonderful course I have taken in my life. I learned a lot. Thank you very much !
This course is perhaps the best intro to music (and quite a lot of music theory) on the internet right now. The instruction is lucid and the content is rich.
A very great, deep and Educating course on, music. Covers a very vast amount of areas than any single course I have taken. Thanks to Professor Craig Wright
I developed my knowledge about music, art and humanity. It was a great experience in pandemic time. Thank you from a country of Chopin Prof. Craig Wright!
Yale's Introduction to Classical Music, taught by Professor Craig Wright, is a thoughtful, stimulating, and challenging survey of Western classical music.
Nice workThis is the best introductory course on classical music and should be required in every department because of the necessary culture it contains.
A very helpful guide to the entry level understanding of Classical Music. You definitely enjoy and appreciate more if you know better! Thanks Professor!
The course is really good! I have leaned a lot so far. It is marvelous to have a course that quality delivered to your door, like that. Awesome! Thanks
A really enjoyable course, full of iinformation, well explained and clear. My enjoyment of classical music has definitely been enhanced by this course.
Wow, I can't say anything else but this is perfect. It is a complete book from the beginning to the end. It's WOW with capital letters and enthusiasm.
Excellent course, I really enjoyed each session - maybe except for the parts covering Modernism, but it is certainly not Professor Wright's fault :)
Very interesting and practical class for whom is intersted in Classical  music!Both the professor and music is fantastic and I did enjoy this class!
Great  course, the creativity and passion with which the teacher approaches each subject was and shared his knowledge, makes it a great experience!
Great course.  Prof. Craig is an excellent teacher and conducts the course with knowledge and expertise.  I recommend. Feel sad the course is over.
Extraordinary course!! Very interesting! highly recommended for people interested in classical music with almost no background or related studies
The course gives a very clear clue on the classical music history and also provides the necessary knowledge to better understand music. Enjoy it!
A really great Course which is well organised with lots of useful materials, I've learnt so much and really enjoyed it, thanks Professor Wright!
Awesome course! I've been totally fascinated with this course. It definitely gives you the best-ever intro to classical music. Welcome on board!
It is an incredible lessons that opened my world to the classical music. The materials in the course are so rich. Thank you so much Professor!
a Very great lesson, i learned a lot about the western classical music and its different period, thanks for your dedication and great effort.
Fantastic course for an overview of Western music. I finished with a wonderful contextual understanding and appreciation for classical music.
Essential course for learning and appreciation of classical music and its history. Craig Milton Wright is an excellent and didactic teacher.
The course gives a whole comprehension of the essential listening to music. It is very interesting because it involves history, art as well.
Incredibly in depth, kind to those without a classical background and deeply nourishing in terms of concepts, ideas and harmony knowledge.
I did it! Thank you very much, Prof. Wright and James :) It was fun and easy to manage my time to keep learning about Classical music.
High level.  The profesor demostrates a broad knowledge of music and manage to convey the passion he feels for it. Highly recommended.
Inspirational class.  Huge thanks to Professor Wright for not only sharing his knowledge and insight, but sharing himself as a person.
It is a joyous experience to be taught by a professor who is sharing only a minute fraction of his clearly vast knowledge!! Thank you!
Just the right level of details and music theory for a lay person that wants to enjoy the music can understand more. I enjoy it a lot.
I Loved It, it is amazing . For sure I'll revisit the course, I'm happy and grateful for the people that made this course possible .
The content is great. However, it does take ages to complete this course. 4 hours on modernism and post-modernism is really painful.
An amazing Introductory course (even though I think it is more than that). 100% recommended, wonderful!!! Incredible experience. :D
Excellent course! The course contains not just history of classical music, but some history of art, and some music theory as well.
I´m so satisfied with this course, it was a pleasure to do it.Thank you so much for share all that knowledge in the way you do it.
I love itI am in a choir and can read music somewhatI am in awe of the extent and varied formats.Am enjoying immenselyThank you!!
I really felt like I learned a lot, and can now at least partially understand the differences in the classical music I listen to.
Very good introduction course for non-music students. A lot of samples and analysis. Wide range material to cover classical music
This is the best course ever !!! The teacher is great, I really enjoy the classes and it was helpfull for my research. Thanks! :)
Fantastic course.  Thank you for such a great material collection; my time with you was most enjoyable and I have learned a lot.
I enjoy the lessons. The professor gives detailed description with fabulous music. I am totally addicted to classical music now.
Instructive, engaging, and thoroughly enjoyable. Anyone can benefit from a deeper understanding of classical music and culture!
I love the course, I´m sad that it is over!  I learnt a lot, and the format is completly enganging. The professor is fantastic.
Craig Wright deserves all the love he can get, an incredible being with enormous intelligence. I hope I can meet him someday.
Very in detail, and super interesting. Plus there are recap quizzes for me to test my knowledge.In general a GREAT course!!!!
Really interesting course and I learned a great deal. I've even managed to retain some of it, lol. Baroque music all the way!
Highly engaging and enjoyable. I started the course with a basic knowledge of classical music, and I learned so much more!
Much better understanding of music of all types!!! Much more pleasure from listening to music! after course!! Thank you!!!
This course is well made and produced, great work and effort done.Very helpful and resourceful input as well as lecturer.
Superb, addictive, and very entertaining. I could understand the concepts and musical tendencies that I was ignorant of.
A great course with a fabulous professor. I've learned so much and have been inspired to start to play the piano again.
Instructor was amazing, very enthusiastic and engaging. I have definitely learned a lot about classical western music.
This course is an amazing experience for anyone interested in classical music or about understanding how does it work
Craig Wright is a very good teacher. He helped a lot and was very enthusiastic. occasionally very cheerful and funny.
Excellent course, excellent professor who shares both his knowledge and love of classical music. Highly recommended!
perfect course for someone wants to have some systematic understanding of classical music and enrich the normal life
This course is fascinating! I highly recommend to everyone who loves classical music. Many thanks to the professor.
Engaging style, clear analysis and exposition, and informative use of a variety of examples - an excellent course.
What a lovely way to learn about classical music!  Thank you, Professor Wright, for your knowledge and enthusiasm.
Excellent course!  I really learned a lot from Professor Wright, and his presentation of the material was perfect.
I loved every minute of it. I cannot praise Professor Wright enough. Such an ear-opening and mind-opening course!
Great course! Lots of information and easy to understand. I am very happy taking this course. Thank you so much!
Excellent professor, is passionate about teaching and is excellent at transmitting knowledge. Thanks Mr. Wright
This was a very informative and enjoyable introduction to Classical Music - many thanks to Craig and his team.
Excellent teacher and class. It was very interesting and enganging with the topics and special selected songs.
really loved it . Great professor, so knowledgable and at the same time , somehow , very cute. thanks a lot .
An incredible course. If you want to start in the classical music, like me, this is the best option for you.
Great course, great professor and great music. I can recommend this course to everyone interested in music.
I am happy with this course. Really I´m learning classical music but also many topics about musical theory.
Excellent course! This course teaches me to understand more about the beauty of classical music. Thank you!
I am so grateful to have had the opportunity to take this course.  Thank you for creating and offering it!
Professor wright does an outstanding job explaining this course.  The depth of information is impressive!!
Wonderful professor, wonderful class. I learned so much more thanI expected to, and enjoyed it immensely.
An excellent course. I learned In every section and will enjoy the next symphonies even more than before.
It's so good for a fan of classic music and it's also quite hard. I like it and the professor very much!
excellent guide to classical music!better to have a checklist for glossaries at the end of each lecture.
very broad and down to earth introduction to music - I always thought I hated baroque, now I love it :)
This was an amazing course. I learned a lot and thoroughly enjoyed it. The teacher is amazing as well!
Love this course! It is more like a full length musical experience for me!  Thanks for your hard work!
One of the best MOOC's i ever engage. Craig is very good professor and passionate about the subject.
Great course, it's very interesting and fun. Furthermore, Mr. Craig is an excellent teacher! Cheers!
Fantastic course that covers a heap. As a casual musician, I found this course quite technical too!
Charming and informative course.  Too bad about the text book not being available but then it reall
Very interesting course, I've learned a lot and have been listening to Classical music more often.
Professor Wright, thank you for sharing such a wonderful class.I decide to register a piano class.
Thank you very much. The whole journey was as enjoyable as it was informative. All the best,Sinan
The course was fantastic. One of the best I´ve taken. I thought we missed Tchaikovski and Chopin!
I've taken several music courses on Coursera and Introduction to Classical Music was my favorite.
Excellent course, easy to understand. I feel more aware and knowledgeable about classical music.
A really great course! Truly! I'm in loss of words for this course but very highly recommended!
Very in-depth for an Intro course, loved the session that included the re-enactment and the dog
It was well worth my time to take this course.  Thanks for placing it on here for us to access.
I absolutely loved this course! It was enjoyable, and I learned a lot more about music and art!
Great course that allows strangers to Classical Music to take first steps in this vast univese!
This is a wonderful course.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in music.
A really fun course to learn, very clear instructions I personally enjoyed this course a lot.
Fantastic and comprehensive overview, gives a great framework for understanding and enjoyment
It is an  amazing class, really enjoy this course, thank you so much, professor Craig Wright!
Excellent and challenging course for someone like me with no musical background or knowledge.
Will forever change the way I hear music and think about art of all kinds. Thank you so much
LO ADORE AL PROFE, MUY BUENO Y LO EXTRAÑO APESAR DE SER UN CURSO VIRTUAL SE GUARDA EL CARIÑO
Wonderful course.  It's made me remember a lots of information that I had forgot. Thank you.
A must have course for classical music.  Much thanks to Professor Wright and Yale University
Excellent, motivating, gives much insights and at least pays tribute to the beauty of music.
Absolutely fantastic. It offers a sound base to understand and a enjoy the classical music!
This is a great  Course and a must for every Musician. Professor Wright Explains very Well
An excellent course which I will recommend to music lovers all over the world.  Excellent!
Wonderful teacher, really enjoyable from start to end, i learned a lot, Outstanding course
Great course - particularly enjoyed the Cross references to art, architecture and poetry.
I am new to the study of classical music. I am really enjoying this challenging material.
Excellent course to improve listening and most of all to get standard musical education.
It is an excellent course, I really liked the relationship between music and other arts.
Wonderful course, wonderful professor, wonderful team, I enjoyed it - thank you so much!
Absolutely amazing. Best thing I have ever done. Credit goes to the teacher Prof Wright
This course was excellent, I enjoyed every minute of it. Thanks a lot professor Wright.
I have been listening Classical Music for many years. I think I was an active listener.
I really enjoy this course. Very interesting topics explained by a very good professor.
Excellent course to understand more about classical music and great teacher didactics.
I enjoyed doing this courser, but more importantly learnt a lot through it. Thank you.
Covers all the eras of classical music, in addition to core elements of music theory.
Best online course ever. Professor is lovely and engaging. Please, another course !!!
Very Good. This course gave me more understanding on the history of classical music.
Excellent course, the most entertaining musical journey I had so far! Thank you Pro
this course is really useful! its perfect for people who want to learn composition.
so nice. I love music, really appreciate this opportunity for me to get to know it.
A terrific introduction to classical music by an engaging and accessible professor.
This course is great. I learn a lot of things about music. Thank you Craig Wright.
A wonderful course that transmits the passion and feeling the music is all about.
I want to hear how professor Wright think about oriental music and Africa music.
Craig is an excellent and passionate professor. I am inspired by his enthusiasm!
I loved this class. Good information and good instruction. Thank you Professor.
Best online course. Everyone MUST do it. Thanks professor Wright!!! The BEST!!!
Best course in learning about the world of Classical Music. Enjoyed the course.
It's simply amazing! a wonderful journey for everyone! Absolutely recommended!
Professor Wright was so engaging and fun to watch. I really enjoyed the class!
One word.... An amazing journey.. much like " a short ride in a fast machine".
I really enjoyed this course!  Thanks professor Craig Wright for this journey!
Has significantly increased my understanding and enjoyment of classical music
I have no background at musc theory but I am still able to enjoy this course.
Great teacher.  Great course.  Great videos.  Buy the book, it is also great.
Congratulations! It was a beautiful course. Craig Wright is a great teacher!
very entertaining and informational. Opened up a new world to me. Thank you!
It‘s the best learning course for my entire life, thanks you & thanks music!
The course is very smooth and informative, and the instructor is incredible!
What a fun is to learn history of classical music this way... Thanks a lot.
Wish we could have another course as followup from this one (and many more)
Excellent music course I have taken so far. Thank you so much Prof. Wright
Informative and fun. A lot of quizzes, but not arduous for the most part.
Thank you so much Professor Craig Wright and the team behind this course.
Excellent, great material incredible teacher. Congratulations form Chile
Great course! very comprehensive and interesting. Thank you, instructors
This was a well-constructed, engaging and informative course. Thank you.
Really excellent course with engaging videos and well explained examples
Fantastic introduction to classical music for the newbie or the hobbists
Wonderful! Engaging lectures in bite-sized chunks. A great introduction.
Really good course and the teacher who loves your job! Very intereting!
A very wonderful and eye opening course. I have learnt so much. Thank u
This course was incredible. Enjoyed every minute. Thank you very much
Excellent course!It was really insightful, engaging and enjoyable! :)
Great course!  Has provided me a new appreciation of classical music.
I LOVED this course!  The audio and video examples are very helpful.
Great course, would do again or any other by Yale or this department
This educational and entertaining course "pulled out all the stops".
Awesome presentations & uniquely satisfying Tutorials. Thanks Prof!
It's very approachable for beginners like me:) Thank you professor!
Wonderful course, a lot of material, all interesting and engaging!
This course is great. Learning is fantastic with professor Wright.
Craig is the best teacher! When I grow old, I want to be like him!
I'm going to watch the lessons again just for fun. It's beatiful!
Very interesting. Clearly presented. The right amount of detail.
Really wonderful class and brilliant teacher, thank you so much.
Super insightful, very engaging! Thank you, Prof. Wright & Team!
Brilliant.  Really insightful, very well presented.  Great music
It would have been better if the textbook was also included here
Classical music and its relation with other arts, just amazing.
A great course that is worth my time doing. Love the professor
great course, very interesting and tought by a nice professor.
Wonderful - interesting, very substantial, informative course.
Fascinating. Much more interesting/accessible than I expected.
Tremendous amount of material covered by an expert instructor.
Great course for anyone who want to understand classical music
This was such an enjoyable and challenging class. I loved it.
I was a complete novice. I learned to much. Highly recommend.
A very enjoyable course! Great content and awesome professor!
Thank you professor, your class is awesome. Thank you so much
Excellent class! Very complete, served as great introduction.
I'm enjoying this course a lot. I have learned a lot with it.
Excellent course. Nice entertainment. Solid music knowledge.
A belated thank you for an excellent and interesting course.
Amazing introduction, right from the basics of music theory.
A great, clear, informative and absolutely enjoyable course!
Fantastic course, thank you very much to make it available.
Super interesting course, thank you very much Mr. Wright! I
extraordinary Videos!! A big hand to Professor Craig Wright
This was an excellent course and such a pleasure to follow.
The best class ever. Congratulation s to professor Craig..
Thank you professor, great introduction to classical music
so wonderful!!! far beyond even my highest expectation !!!
Excellent!!!! is one of the best courses here, in Coursera
An Excellent Course! Really Enjoyed it and learned a lot!
excellent course, a great approach to the classical music
I loved it. Everything was new for me and I learnt a lot.
If you're debating about taking this course, just do it—
What an inspiring course! I hope they have part 2 soon!!
Extraordinary Experience! Thanks Craig much appreciated!
Definitely will recommend my friends to do this course!
The better course that i had taken on coursera. Thanks!
I just started the course but I really love it already!
Excellent course, first class professor, awesome staff!
Amazing narrative filled with captivating information.
Engaging, quite informative, mind-opening and fun! :-D
Great great great course! I even bought Craig's book!)
There is a wealth of material here to enjoy, to savor.
Great professor and visually pleasant course content.
Simply great...one of the best courses i've ever done
Great course for inspiration for further exploration.
This is an amazing course !The teacher is wonderful !
It's an amazinh course. The professor is incredible!
very nice course. It really opens a new world to me.
An exquisite course with a great professor and team.
This is one of the best online courses I have taken.
extraordinary. thanks to make it available for free
Professor Wright is awesome, its an amazing course.
Amazing course.Very well done, totally recommended.
Amazing course!! Love Craig and office hours hahha
It made me love more and more what I already love!
Wonderful course, wonderful professor - thank you!
It opens a window to music education for everyone.
I will miss this class and the teacher's jokes...
Excellent course for beginner in classical music.
This was the best online course I have ever had.
If I could I would double my rating to 10 stars!
Thank you for a different and refreshing course.
I am now motivated to hear more classical music
Best course ever! I'm already sad it just over.
One of the best courses I've taken on Coursera!
Top-Notch! An excellent musician and educator.
Excellent content. Very clear and interesting.
Amazing information, loving everything so far!
great analysis on Antonio Vivaldi lol, love it
Nice way they teach.Everyone   should   try it
Great course on understanding classical music.
Excellent course!  Very very very recommended!
Absolutely brilliant course.  Truly enjoyable.
Great Professor, Great content, Great format.
Brilliant professor and engaging discussions!
I think it is very interesting and helpfully.
The best music course in Coursera! Thank you!
Thanks for making this course ! amazing !!!!
A wonderful course with a wonderful teacher!
Exceptionally good! Thanks a lot Dr. Wright!
An absolute must take course, for everyone!
One of the best courses you will ever take!
Awesome basic classical music theory class.
Super complete and awesome visual material
Thanks you Craig, greetings from Argentina
Enjoyed this course very much. Thank you !
Excellent course with an awesome teacher!
Thanks so much for this wonderful course!
Greatest course I've  ever had. nice job.
excellent to introduce in classical music
Congratulations Dr Wright!Perfect course!
Superb commentary and clear explanations
Great! Nice teacher, speaks with rhythm.
It was the most mesmerizing story ever.
very good it brings me many fresh ideas
Everything you need to know. Excellent.
Very good course for a broad overview.
Awesome job by professor Craig & Team!
Informative. Ear Opening.  A pleasure.
Amazing program…! Highly recommended.
A wonderful course, you can not miss.
Excellent course and great professor.
Thank you for that brilliant course!
super course.  Enjoyed it very much.
Fantastic history and music lessons!
Amazing course and amazing content.
I love this class and the professor
Amazing teacher and amazing course!
It is amazing. totally recommended
Great course.  Very comprehensive!
A grand thank you to Prof. Wright.
Excellent theoretical information!
The best course I've taken so far.
A bit longer, but a perfect course
did this a while ago was educative
It's just perfect. Great teacher.
The classical music is beautiful.
Wonderful and instructive course!
Highly recommendable. Thank you!
Craig is an excellent teacher!!!
Online course with a WOW-effect.
Absolutely enjoyed this class!
I loved the course. Thank you!
I really enjoy this course :)
Great professor and course!!!
Fantastic journey! Thank you!
Inspirational and clarifying.
very good and relaxing course
Absolutely brilliant course.
enrich my knowledge in music
Excellent and very engaging.
Great intro to an outsider!
wonderful and very complete
The professor is awesome!!
Such a lovely instructor !
I enjoyed every bit of it.
It's a great course indeed
Really enjoyable and fun.
Thanks to professor White
Such a wonderful course!
Demystified music for me
Mr. Wright is the best.
The best course so far!
Professor Craig Wright,
rich and well-sustained
Very good course !!!!!
It was great! Thanks!
pretty awesome course
absolutely love it !!
Really amazing !!!!!
Intense but lovely!
That was AWESOME!!!
I love this course,
Enjoy that course!
Highly Detailed !!
Simply fantastic!
outstanding intro
Amazing Journey.
Thank you Craig!
top notch course
Loved Mr. Craig
Just incredible
Really like it!
great class
Brilliant!
