Left after two videos. Incredibly difficult to understand. Felt like I was on a high school geometry class. Negotiating should be simple, not difficult.
This is way too complex. I know it is math, but the language, the speed and even after watching a video again and fully understanding it, one gets to the practice quiz and notices that the answers are not fitting to the real result. And same in the example, when one says 65% and, using math, gets a different result (even if it is one digit) than the material, this can cause confusion when taking the quiz. More, as methods are presented one after the other, you don't have time to actually practice that much the info you just assimilated. For once, I wish a course (this one) would slow down, instead of presenting only what is important.I would only recommend this to people who are really into math, like they actually work with every day (like engineers).
Having a really pathetic experience finding a peer to do my assignment with. you can check the threads i have created more than 5 new posts and replied on more than 15 different forums. Because of this i am unable to proceed with my assignments. I expected this course to be a whole lot more convenient considering the reviews i have read and  owing to the reputation of Yale university, but this is a really sad experience. i have spent more time on SEARCHING FOR PEERS for the zincit case for Week3  than the amount of time i took to go through week 1 and 2 together !! Been looking for someone to do this assignment with for over a week now ! And i do not want to negotiate with anyone who has no knowledge of the course n write an assignment on it cz it will be a one sided negotiation. Where is the learning in that ??Either give me a refund or help me solve this problem so i can proceed ! not enjoying this course with the way it is going.
This is by far the worse course I have ever sat for. Not only were the exams bugged that it showed the wrong answers, the course never was considerate towards someone who had bad internet connection and couldn't upload any videos due to the speed of it. Lecture videos were dull and boring, unlike the previous ones I had taken into. I tried to give it a second chance, but the course just showcased how bad it was. It also failed to show how one can be a persuasive negotiator and was basically a math exam from start to end. You're not going to learn anything from this course, you are better off going out to the real world and learning it first hand than wasting your money on this. Honestly, AVOID this course!
Totally not what I expected. Most of it was concerned with mathematical problems.
I do Not understand Videos to be recorded. I abandondened the course
Too much mathematic approach
My laptop was not sufficiently fast to run Oracle VM (I'm using Ubuntu) and there where no other instructions for how to install the Oracle dbms
Seems very difficult to me . It’d just above my head. Waste
Too much math! This course was not at all what I was expecting it to be... which could be both good and bad, depending on your own perspective. It concentrates heavily on the logistical side of negotiations via mathematical analysis to figure out "what's at stake" in a negotiation (i.e. "the pie") and less so on learning actual negotiation techniques. I got halfway through the first week before deciding to un-enroll. That said, Professor Nalebuff has a very engaging teaching style and presents each lecture in a dynamic fashion via animation. If you are a math whiz who excels in algebra and can do complex mathematical equations quickly on the fly, then this course will definitely benefit you. If you are like me, however, and looking for a course that will focus more on artistry and practical real-world application, then this course is not for you.
The lectures are very clear and the animations are very helpful at understanding the material, the quizes in between as well. However, the basis to this whole course as presented in week 1 is wrong and assumes rational behaviour by the players - an approach long debunked by researchers. this is very old fashioned and doesn't take into account personal feelings, charachter and cultural difference, as well as real life consideration taking into affect. For example: no one in their right mind would pay another firm (baltimore) 300$, that comes out with a profit of more than 100$ just due to a lucky break, when the other firm should have payed 200$ in the first place, and doensn't take into affect that the sheer effort of oranizing the flights, schedueles and negotiations, is not worth the 300$ saved by San fransisco along with the feeling of getting "screwed" (a feeling that even monkeys fight against).
This course is not effective in acquiring the necessary skills.A lot of repetition especially for the pie strategy.I preferred if they provided us with more detailed subjects covering effective plans, strategies, and techniques to achieve a successful negotiation.
After the first two introductions the course was not for me.
graphics are lince. but It's way too fast and hard to follow.
many sites are there and I cant open them mu pc protected
Some pretty interesting start based on mathematics, but too lengthy obvious advice for someone who gets the concept right away.
This isn't a course for me. While the educator is very well versed, I find myself not being able to keep up.
my assignment was not reviewed till the very last day of the completion of the course
Some really EXCELLENT things about this course:Professor is charismatic and very easy to listen toThe graphics added to each lecture are excellent: simple to grasp, add a lot to understanding, keep student engaged.Many of the things the professor talked about made complete sense as he explained them.Reasons why I didn't give it 5 stars:I took this in an effort to obtain necessary continuing education hours I require for my professional assosication, while under a bit of time crunch. This meant I needed to complete the course in certain amount of time, and my pace was two weeks material per one week.  This worked great until mastery quizz, which only allows another try every 8 hours.  I had been unprepared for the math involved in the course.  So I couldn't quite recreate the mathematical steps in my head during tests though it seemed clear when professor did it.  I had somehow thought that the course would be about how to psychologically /emotionally encourage people to take positive and productive part in a negotiation process.  I didn't know it would be primarily around how to encourage people to accept your thinking based purely on numbers.  Maybe that can be made a little more clear in the course description prior to enrolling?I also struggled with finding a partner for the peer assignments, due to people not responding, even though I did not leave it till last minute and went straight in during week 1.  So this made me worried about finding a partner for the two later assignments.I ended up listening to all the lectures, but unenrolled as administrative requirement to backtracking the certificate I had paid for up front, in order to get that certificate attached to another course (Psychological First Aid = though professor not as charismatic, and did not have any groovy graphics like this one, the material was interesting and I sailed right through to get the certificate without issues).So:  the content was interesting and very worthwhile overall (= 4 stars), but it did not provide for my primary purpose (= 3).  I would gladly audit other courses of this Professor.
Excellent course.  It is probably less structured, than the University of Michigan course (by professor Siedel), but contains a few breakthrough insights that the Michigan course lacks - eg a more defined concept of a pie; a more structured approach to dividing this pie; the principle of "never say no to a proposal, make the other side say no to your proposal instead" etc.
Really loved the quality and pacing of this course. Find it extremely beneficial for all types of work -- by looking at negotiating terms in a mathematical way so it's quantitative; not subjective. Only criticism would be a requirement to have a live negotiation that's filmed and edited for peer review. Would prefer the class to be self-contained; difficult to find a partner.
I would have appreciated this course far more if the principles of negotiation were explored before diving into the mathematics first. Rather than clarifying the theories and expanding on them through mathematical representation Barry dove right into significantly complicated theorem which one would only relate with once the principles were clear.
This is a great course for everybody who wants to improve its negotiation skills. I enjoyed very much the exercises and the videos!
I have a master of science degree in consultation thus negotiation was a big part of the course therefore I have some background on the negotiation topic. I took this MOOC to polish up my skills and to see the value of negotiation training from a top university like Yale.The course was well designed and while I believe there is no one way of teaching negotiation, this course was more of quantitative way of doing negotiations thus the mathematics is a bit hard to follow. My degree course had no mathematics in it and thus this was an adjustment for me.I did like though that e had an opportunity to do live negotiations or the option of writing an essay and that the assignments had no deadlines thus making it a very flexible course.
This was my first Coursera course, I was impressed and challenged to think in new ways. Negotiation isn't always intuitive, but it is a critically important practice. I enjoyed the material quite a lot. I even shared most of the examples and cases with friends and family. I think the interactive elements of this course were excellent. In fact, my only major feedback would be to have more interactive casework like Zincit and Outpsider to work through. Lastly, I might even have liked to do a little more math. Maybe not pen and paper stuff, but perhaps some excel modeling of a real-world Rubenstein bargaining or Shapley value problem. Just to make that come alive a bit more. Thanks!
Amazing course on negotiation tactics and how to calculate them. 3 real life negotiations, which allow you to evaluate your own level and progress and give you the desire to negotiate every day once the course is over. Guest speakers, illustrations, and real life scenarios make this course even more enriching. Professor Nalebuff is a great educator. I wish he would develop a follow up to this course with more complex and international negotiations.
When I had to make a decision to take a course at the time, I was to make a decision between this course and another, At the first instance, I felt I knew a lot on negotiation and was good at it, having found myself involved in quite a lot in my previous engagements but taking this course was an experience all together for me and I am glad I made the right decision. My negotiation got better and it has been more wins. Thanks to the entire team
Brilliant course, very entertaining with real negotiations. Finding partners for negotiation cases takes a little time and should be improved. Barry Nalebuff offers a different view to negotiations compared to other scholars which extended my perspective. Focus should not be that much an maths and the assumption of full transparency (everyone knows everything) as this is reduces the practicability of learnings in real life.
I really appreciated that this course was less about strategy of negotiation and more about finding out the most fair outcome in a negotiation based on learned principles. With the knowledge from this class, after some practice of course, I will feel more comfortable being able to explain my reasoning for what I am asking, especially since people I will negotiate with in the future may not have taken this class.
A great course with new perspectives and real cases to bring you through negotiation experiences. I really feel I learned a lot of refreshing new ways of seeing what negotiations are and to be better prepared for them. The format is both serious and enjoyable. A must do course for anyone interesting in learning or improving his negotiation skills for business or simple day to day life!
I have learnt lots of things in terms of skills, tools and techniques that I can directly apply to my work.  In fact I can tell that I have already applied the new skills acquired to my job and won projects.  Quality of the materials are in my opinion to the required level and lectures are well structured, clear and done by experienced tutor.Its was simply a great journey.
I loved the course it helped me to summarise and bring together all that knowledge I have got through my personal experience and listening to the course I often found myself thinking that I had it somewhere and somewhat experienced in past I am sorry I did not listen nor new of the course then I was younger, how many things could I have done differently
Extraordinary Course with an excited lecturing team behind it! Have done some courses here, but none of them had so much content and sophisticated teaching methods and cool guests. The only star that's missing is that the system for finding negotiation partners could be optimized. Overall, was worth the time!!!
Negotiation ; This course really helped in finding the science and approach behind a simple looking thing. At fist look negotiation looks way simpler than, what actually it is, Its important the understand the process , benefit and how we should approach while doing the negotiation on something with someone.
I enjoyed doing this course and hats off to Prof Barry. His lectures were very interesting and I have learned a lot from this course. The exercises were stimulating and don't look further if you want to become a good negotiator be it for salary or buying  a property or just to negotiate with your children!
The course is delivered in a really engaging and professional manner. Although there were quite a few of tough bits, it was fun. I learned a lot about negotiations.  There were some parts that were challenging. The assignments and quizzes are excellent because it really tests out understanding.
This was a really good course.Materials presented very elegantly. It's amazing how Barry manages to make a math-heavy course almost devoid of any tough calculations and still retain the essence of it.Hoping for more courses from Barry.
It was a good class but so much information to take in.  It was helpful for me for sure and I am positive I will be able to implement the strategies and knowledge to negotiate in the future.
This course has a best selection training and curriculum vs other i have tried. yes the course may be longer than other, but the course is more detailed and very helpful for sales people .
Excellent videos, informative and to the  point, Professor Nalebuff makes it easy to watch and follow and provides the spark to deep dive further into the discipline. Highly recommended.
In contrast with most courses, it's not a sole effort. You need to engage with other students to do actual negotiations - something that makes the course more valuable and interesting.
A very interesting and useful course!  I recommend anyone in any discipline to take this course and build up your own skills as a negotiator, based on sound principle and reasoning.
VERY GOOD. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the multimedia part of it (videos, renderings) needs to be brushed-up. A better quality in those is easily achievable.
It was not easy, sure, as anticipated by the same Prof., but highly suggestive content of which you experiment the spirit. I will revisit then to ruminate the gists.
This course in really insightful and with amazing content, but the structuring of the course is a bit confusing: too many divisions, and no clear learning path
The assignments between peers weren`t really helpful. But, the content and negotiation tactic videos were extraordinary!
Thoroughly enjoyed this difficult course. Learned new negotiation techniques and enhanced my basic existing knowledge.
i enjoyed this course a lot. Yes you have to learn some framework but when the expert comes in everything is clarified
Very Informative course, it would be better if it was slightly more specialized and more in depth for some concepts. I
This course is a very enlightening and practical approach to negotiation not just in your work but daily lives too.
Explained negotiation in an interesting and engaging manner. Easy to follow and it's quite addictive.
Interesting and tedious course, covers numerous aspects of negotiation in short intervals of time.
Good course but difficult for Non Science background people. It has quite a bit of Maths in it.
Good videos and great approach to teaching a course online that is in essence interpersonal.
This great and comprehensive with lots of real world example. I learnt alot from the course.
Superb presentation of objective methods to approach negotiations, with exercises and
Great course! Well designed and articulated! It is fit to any level of student.
I thought the active negotiations with other students were very effective...
very good material, but more like a theory - not very well for sales people
I really enjoyed the course. You could improve the structure of each week.
very well organized and I esp like the way we have the case studies .
Interesting course, useful principles and good animation lecture.
Very well structured and gives very good tools
Really good and engaging materials
It is tough, but worth the effort.
Very good course , learnt a lot.
Amazing interactive Course
Good insights and examples
wonderful experience!!!
I have completed over 12 courses  on Coursera and this one is the best presented of them all. You can learn a lot of un-intuitive things about negotiation that will serve you well in life and business.
This is a remarkable course for the insight that it gives into negotiation.  Previously I would have approached negotiation scenarios (like the course example of sharing the cost of business flights) with just a couple of options in mind (e.g. "split the cost") but this course has opened my mind to a far richer variety of options, and more importantly how to reason about those options (and so hopefully negotiate a good deal) and how to "expand the pie" with more options.  The animations are visually cute, but they are also so rich in ideas that the transcripts essentially form a good set of notes about the topic, and they are infused with Barry's sense of fun. My only complaints are that the last couple of weeks of interviews with negotiators aren't as rich/interesting as the first part of the course (though Cohen was great), the early examples are perhaps overly numeric (though probably justifiably for simplicity), and from peer assessments it seemed that many students had little understanding of probability/expected value.  But overall, a fantastic course!
Excellent course both in content and format. A mathematical / game theory approach to negotiation is useful to smartly invent solutions. I recommend to take this course in complement to the ESSEC / Negotiation Fundamentals Course which has a completely different, structuralist (French ?!) approach. Together they offer a comprehensive set of skills to be successful in any kind of negotiation (business, diplomacy, private matters, etc)
Very enlightening course. Loved the material and the way it was given. Learned a lot from the cases were asked to do. Highly recommended for improvement in the workplace as well as personal life!
The Course is a Step by Step Process of Teaching you what you dont know, but often need to Use most of the Times.The importance of how much to bid/make offer with limited info, and many more things Gives you a New Perspective of things that you will Use More than Often in your Daily Life.I Highly Recommend this Course for any Individual who has to Interact with Others. This will give you an Edge & Hopefully you get better & better.The Professor & his Team has made a lot of effort in making this course very Interesting.All the Best & Cheers
I enjoy the course and the way the professor present his lesson , very detail and easy to understand , it help me greatly on how to become better at negotiation , the book reference and reading material are good and the side game is fun too ,and very productive work on the presentation . Great course overall .Many thanks to the professor and all who involve in making it .
Certainly participating in this course was a wonderful and very enriching opportunity, all classes as well as videos, printed materials are of the highest quality, with brilliant methodology and easy teaching assimilation of Professor Milton Steinbach. It is gratifying to be able to take a course of such importance at an institution that is among the best in the world!
The content of this
course is comprehensive, clear and well-structured; therefore, I would
definitely recommend it to my colleagues. I would rate the
performance of Professor Barry Nalebuff as excellent; he has definitely made me
quite easy, this approach to negotiation.Thanks to the
University of Yale and congratulations on this course.
This was an excellent course. Professor Barry Nalebuff was a great speaker, who was not only entertaining but very informative. The class was not easy, but it was well worth the time and effort I put into it. You know an educator is good when you leave feeling like you definitely learned something and enjoyed taking their course.
An exceptional course. All the videos and quizzes are well crafted. Barry is a fantastic teacher. There is no fluff, the material is concise, direct and to the point. Also, apart from being extremely useful, the course is also fun! Well done, Barry and team!
I learned a lot about negociations by taking this great course! Most of all, I really appreciated the emphasis on fairness in negociations, and learning how to find the best possible outcome for all the parties involved. I absolutely recommend this course!
A superb introduction to negotiation from game theory point of view, which itself is a fascinating subject and taught by Barry nelbuff, a brilliantly simple teacher. read his books and you'll know.
Very insightful and helpful. This is one of my favorite classes on coursera and i love the way professor Barry devised and structured the course. Hopefully, there would be a second course from professor Barry soon.
One of the most exciting and interesting courses! Mr.Nalebluff is an admirable person and teacher. Highly recommend it to anyone who wants to ameliorate their interpersonal skills!! Do not lose any time, ENROLL!!
I enjoy the course and the way that the professor introduces it.   I recommend all people who are willing to improve their abilities to negotiate and treat people fairly to take advantage of this course.
Professor Nalebuff does an excellent job of keeping the student engaged through his own examples of negotiations as well as guest speakers. I've learned so much from the Intro course to use at work.
Amazing course with amazing professor multi huge of information and most important its practical experience through the cases and will apply what we learned in our daily life.
Incredible Professor, incredible material, incredible experience. I learnt a lot, I was able to meet new people and had a lot of fun whie doing it. Thank you so much!
This is a very rewarding course, a must in this world to anyone living a civilized life. I am very grateful to Coursera and Yale for bringing this course into being.
Very systematic and simplified explanation of reatively complex problem solutions. Loved the occasional humor. Highly recommended.
Brilliant course.  Really well designed and usefully practical.  Sign up for sure.
The course is amazing! Lots of insights, tips and tricks. I gain a bit of confidence in myself, and not just negotiation, but also in mu skills. And also start to thinking differently about others side, and not just that I need to get something for every price.Professor explains it great! Assignments are priceless!I bought certificate at the end just because this course deserves to be paid.
This is one of the two best courses I have done on Coursera. The content is great and Prof Nalebuff is amazing. The course is not easy but you will learn life skills in this course, if you put in the hard work. Highly recommend it for all ages and all levels.
Great course .. being an Indian Negotiation is very natural to me. It starts with street vendors in India. I would like you to upload more case studies industry based .. I loved the way you teach ...
A chance to learn a great deal about the theory of negotiation alongside the chance to put this into practice through negotiating with peers. Challenging material, but pitched at a fair level.
Really great interesting course. The negotiations and concepts are tough but I have learnt a huge amount from it. Thanks so much!
Great class and great use of technology and University resources to bridge the gap between online and classroom experience.
The course has the right mix between theory and practical exercises. The videos are clear,  though as pills of knowledge.
Excellent. A great introduction to negotiation (theoretical and practical), and to distance learning!
Excellent use cases and explanations providing a practical approach to applying the various techiques
Amazing course, makes you question things differently from the beginning.
very well structured, good case studies, eye opening for beginner!
This Course was very useful and interesting! thank you very much!
Great course, very practical and a must for the business world
I enjoyed every second. I wish I can study at Yale University
Loved it!  Would recommend to anyone in any position.
Amazing!! Great teacher, well explained, recommended!
Interesting, challenging, very well taught.
A must have for everyone!!!!Pure fun.
Very useful and entertaining!!
It is very interesting.
This was a great introduction course to negotiation. I can definitely say I now have better principles and tips for negotiating situations. Of course this is probably not the course for someone whose job is to negotiate as its daily task (and even for those, it might be helpful), but it definitely provides some insights that every person should have as a citizen. This will give you tips to benefit you in future negotiations, but most of all, it will teach you to be fair, honest and win a negotiation in a healthy way. The math of it might be considering advanced for some, but I don't think you have to understand all the formulas and equations behind it, if you can get a general sense of what is being taught. I definitely reccomend this course to have it on your CV, and to give you some tips on how to confront possible future situations of your life like negotiating a house, or a better salary. All the people that contribute to this course are expert in the matters and it's great to hear from them. In addition, this course is super interactive, easy to follow, and it promotes "learning by doing", by connecting you to other people, all over the world, who are also taking this course, for simulations of real negotiations, which allows you to practice what you learned in a chill environment, where there's nothing but tremendous learning opportunities. Thank you Professor Barry!
I come from an authoritarian background, whether family or education system. Actually as a child i never had the opportunity to learn anything about negotiation. As an adult i avoided any situation in which a negotiation was possible. I retreated easily and i thought i didn't have an assertive attitude. Today i know you can't be assertive if you don't know the meaning of a "pie" and how to calculate it, or how to be prepared in advance for the negotiation. Also you have to know your added value and how others see your added value. I was always confrontational and not collaborative. I had always arbitrator attitude.Today i went  to wash my car, i told them to clean it from the outside only and not to touch it from the inside. After they were done i asked how much for outside cleaning only, their answer was 7 whether from inside and outside or just from outside. I said i will talk to the manager, who repeated the same answer. I replied, logically it should be less. The manager said to the workers, just take 5 from him.I drove the car with a smile saying to myself, this course has started to show effects.
Beautiful made lecture. (Be so kind to excuse my miserable English. It is still under construction)After I had to change my proficiency, from being a truck driver  to a total different job type by doing sales on telephone, my new boss (new and different company) urged me. She urged me, to invest in my private time learning how to make money on the phone. Instead of irritating potential customers by doing weird offers. After a good while of understanding, why is the other side willing to invest in products, my wage is remarkably higher. By compare of some weeks before. I understand also, to invest in ideas which are worth to pay for. And I started with one bought book to learn "Game Theory 101: The Complete Textbook". The other two books are introduced by Prof. Barry Nielbuff. Yes, my QUIZZ-answers are WRONG. Nevertheless I learn what is going on. And that helps me doing a much better job. With great fun. Just want to say ......   Thank you all.
The course is a good balance of video, quizzes and groupassigments that creates a variated and interactive course!
Videos with controlquestions in the middle or at the end that makes sure you as a learner keeps up with whats going on.
The course altso gives some good insite about different theories within negotioations and deviding assets before going on to solving cases with classmates. The Forums make it easy to find partners in your class and good directions on how to hand in the results in the best way for your peers to grade the quality of your negotioation.
Would recomend this course as the level of effort put in to making it, makes it a great course with lots of learning. A great make by the proffessor and everyone involved!
At the end of the course you have some new tools and views on negotioations and how to devide assets.
An over all good experiance !
Beyond any doubts, as popular options of
e-learning, technology-enhanced platforms and MOOC initiatives have changed the
way the world of learning and knowledge sharing. In the digital era, when it
comes to lifelong learning, their sphere of influence are non-negligible. Accordingly, I hereby would like to thank to Yale University, as well.I am very pleased to attend and complete another course including
remarkable cases and a wide-ranging set of topics. I highly recommend the MOOC “Introduction to Negotiation: A Strategic Playbook for
Becoming a Principled and Persuasive Negotiator” to everyone who
wants to dive deeper into negotiation principles and a pie
framework.I am sincerely grateful to Yale University and Prof. Barry
Nalebuff as well as, coursera for this challenging but promising experience
and innovative learning opportunity.
This is one of the most remarkable, useful and well-structured courses I have ever taken, in real life or online. The principles of negotiation are well explained and applied, and the interactions we must develop with our classmates make the experience incredibly friendly and applicable to real life settings. This course has given me a firm ground to approach negotiation problems from a logical perspective, which is never taught at school but which I believe is a fundamental part of a successful career and personal life. I wish this course had lasted longer and perhaps covered some topics in greater detail--proof that this is an excellent course is that upon finishing I had even more questions on my mind!Thanks so much Prof. Nalebuff for a truly extraordinary course!Diego Miranda-Saavedra, PhD
Barry has elegantly structured the classes to teach us the basics of negotiation, in a simplest but interesting way, which otherwise would have been quite complex and difficult concept to learn. He helped us to approach negotiations critically rather than emotionally and inculcated the concept of maximizing the pie, being equitable and allocentric. The guest lectures, were stalwarts in the field of negotiations and was quite an experience, understanding their perspective in approaching the negotiations, whether in personal or professional life. Also, thank you Coursera for helping me to access such classes and versatile faculty/ies from Yale University, which otherwise impossible for me attend
An excellent course, led by a highly engaging and passionate professor. The course has now been running for a number of years, however Professor Nalebuff is clearly still heavily involved in providing new material and engaging with students.I was surprised to find some reviewers were critical of the math. Obviously the difficulty is relative, however I don't feel the small amount of math in the first 2 weeks should dissuade anyone from taking the course, and it seemed more a way of providing objective solutions that couldn't be disputed in illustrating the principles being taught.This is what true learning should be about, and an outstanding effort by Barry Nalebuff and the Coursera platform.
Loved this course.The lecture videos were very clear, well framed, loved the white background and the instructor was always looking at the camera.The animated illustrations provided made the lecture extremely fun to watch and a lot easier to understand.Barry is an excellent presenter, well spoken, fun, pleasant and speaks in a welcoming tone.What I loved about this course is the nature of the assignments which stressed the point of actually doing negotiations with other classmates, it forced me to interact with complete strangers from different countries and review the work of others, which was an immensely pleasant  experience.
I can only say THANK YOU Prof. Nalebuff!The course is challenging, interesting, stimulating and helped me learn not only negotiation skills but to understand their wide and useful implications in the real world.  I developed a more strategic frame of mind without compromising on aspects such as fairness and mutual parties satisfaction. Thank you for making the course so interactive and interesting, I never felt we were alone in this. I also enjoyed the group projects which helped to push our limits, challenge the concepts we were learning and use them in concrete negotiation cases. I could not recommend this course more.
I found this course very helpful and would recommend this course for anyone who wants to improve their negotiation skills. The course uses animation to elaborate complex concepts and assignments for practices. Not like other negotiation skills teaching the tips for negotiation, the thinking logic and principle of the course is highly useful. Besides, there are many recorded role plays for us to see what others do and what we can learn from others.  So far this is the best course I've taken at Coursera Platform! I do think Coursera should make some billboard for course recommendations based on students comments.
This course is extremely valuable. It provides a really interesting approach to negotiations, which is really creative and easy to understand. If you are keen on Maths there is also some optional advanced information.The videos are really proffesionally animated and easy-going. Having live practices with fellow students is enriching and amusing. On top of everything, the advices of experienced negotiators are really valuable treasures.Another important thing is that the considered study cases cover some situations that might be faced in your professional career. No doubt, I highly recommend this course!
This is an amazing course, wonderfully prepared and giving you super useful skills, applicable not only in deal making. It shows a principled approach to negotiation, framing it in terms of fairness and not as a hard ball game. Besides being an effective method, it provides a constructive approach to negotiation, allowing you to get the desired outcome without compromising on the long-term relationships. As a scientist myself, I very much enjoyed the touch of math and a very quick intro to game theory! Thank you Prof. Nalebuff and all the people who helped you prepare this wonderful experience!
It is a very interesting course. It gives you an idea of what to think before entering a negotiation, setting your goals, the importance of cooperating with the other person to find a solution that works for both sides, expanding the benefits of a deal. The videos are simple with great visualisations that help you understand the basic concepts of the negotiation. The exercises that you have to do and the quizzes are brilliant and help you understand the material as well as practice with other persons. The professor Barry Nalebuff  is great too. I highly recommend this course.
Fantastic course! Excellent Prof who is extremely enthusiastic and engaging. The course material was equally challenging as it was interesting. Guest speakers were also great, once again great choice by Course Lecturer Prof Barry Nalebuff I can't say enough great things about him, really. Highly recommend! As an Attorney-at-Law I felt I had some negotiation skills going in but learning the theoretical aspects of negotiation the concepts and principles in such an intricate manner is certainly beyond the practical negotiation training received in law school.
Negotiation game upgrade alert 🚀 Thank you Barry Nalebuff #HerbCohen  #lindababcock #johnmccallmacbain for a real life learning experience that changed the way I approach negotiations. I am ready to create further value, prepared to achieve desired outcomes in any business situation and make the deals my clients want.Thanks Julan Deden for being a great negotiation partner, we made negotiation fun even if it lasted 10 hours at a time!Coursera  & Yale University thanks for making an important skill to have in business and in life available for learning.
An excellent course, organised by a superb instructor.  I would highly recommend this course to anyone with a general interest in negotiation.  The course is fun, interesting and constantly challenging.  Great care has been taken in the preparation of materials, including the visual appeal of the animations used in videos and the direct dialogue by Prof. Barry Nalebuff.  There are tools and exercises that you will find applicable in everyday life, not just in negotiations.  This course is worth the Coursera subscription alone. Thanks to all involved.
This is the best course I've done on Coursera so far. All the lectures are amazingly well-designed and Professor Nalebuff is a superb teacher. I started learning this course with the intention of developing my people skills and making me better at negotiations, and I must say that it has paid off. Once I get my stipend, I am certainly going to buy the certificate for this course. I think that would be the best way to show my admiration for this course, the lecturers and the sheer amount of knowledge that I learned over the past 8 weeks.
Like the course very much. Among other things, it gives a complementary framework for negotiators, especially for the smaller players under the perspective that even though they might be smaller, a potentially positive agreement for all involved can only be reached if the smaller player also agrees.This concept allows smaller players to pursue equal parts of the total benefit instead of pre-agreement weight proportionality, under the argument that if the smaller does not agree, the projected benefit will actually not take place.
I started this course because I believe that negotiation is a very important skill in today's world and after finishing this course I think I have a better outlook on how to approach a negotiation. This course clears all the basic, one needs to know in order to prepare for a negotiation. The exercises were practical which helped a lot. And we even got some different insights from other professional negotiators. Overall I believe this course is really beneficial for someone who really wants to learn about negotiation.
Absolutely an amazing course. This course is educational , entertaining with clever videos and an incredible lecturer and so so practical with skype negotiations and so much amazing material. I can not recommend this course enough it is priceless. I am already applying what I learned and it is fantastic. I think even if you did half of the course you would learn so much applicable life changing material.Thank you to Barry Nalebuff and Yale University and every one who helped put this course together! Thank you.
Great course to be a principled negotiator. The course has 3 cases to negotiate with other students. A great opportunity to practice what we just learned. Highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to be a better negotiator in life. Thanks much Professor Barry Nalebuff and his team, as well as to Yale University and Coursera to bring such an awesome course for us to learn and practice so we can be a better negotiator and fair person in life as well as better contribute to our community and society.
This was the best negotiation course I ever took in my 32 years of business career.  Professor Barry Nalebuff really did a great job in compiling experiences in business, and in didactically presenting this in a Distance Training Internet Course.  A note to all young people starting a career:   I am convinced, that if I had taken this course earlier in my career and in life, many things would have been much better--I suggest you take this opportunity right now and be surprised on how simple it is!
It is a very interesintg, useful and effective course, which after finishing it will help both at work and in life. It might be felt that it is quite complicated for those, who are not native speakers, but with time when you go dipper and dipper, you become more and more engaged into it and you can't stop doing it. The Professor is remarkable! The tasks are creative and aspirational. Highly recommend to those, who wants to get more practical and professional knowledge in the negotitations art.
Absolutely loved the course! Watched every lecture. Professor Barry Nalebuff is a great teacher. His enthusiasm towards the subject matter is noteworthy. Didn't feel like a 11 hours course at all. Maybe because I played it on 1.5x ;).The course helped me understand a great deal of theory on negotiation. I compared the course content to my experience in negotiations and found the mistakes I was making. I'll try to correct those in future negotiations.I'd recommend the course to everyone!
One of the best course on Negotiation strategies. Though this being my very 1st course, the course content was well covered & all the concepts were explained in detail with animations and diagrams where ever necessary.That helped in easy explanation & understanding of even some difficult content. The case studies were excellent in the way they were carried out with anonymous peers. We had exchanged ideas & helped provide inputs which made the course even more interacting & interesting.
I love this course. the professor is amazing. the material is really simple and easy to understand although some cases took me lon time to comprehend all the details  but as what is says" if it dose not challenge you, it wont change you" . this course gave me the confidence to engage in negotiation and how to argue and what to do when its get tough. I strongly  recommend this course for those who looking to learn the basic and principles on how to make the best out come of any deal.
The only word that come to mind is thanks. Thanks for all the work in putting this course together. It is packed of wisdom and hardly acquired experience on Negotiation. The peer to peer negotiation are an amazing way to train and meet interesting people. I am from the UK and partnered with people in Nigeria, Brazil, and Thailand. And the acting of the negotiation from students is very valuable too. I say it once more, thanks for all the work in preparing and sharing this material.
[Going through Week 8 now] Mr Nalebuff is a great teacher, he introduces advanced concepts basing on the most understandable day-to-day examples. The course material covers a wide range of topics, but every single one of them is taught thoroughly and professionally.Great cases to get some hands-on experience with negotiation.Beautiful animations by Mr Dan Ashwood, hats off for you sir.I am definitely going to recommend the course to some of my friends keen on the matter.Thank you!
Outstanding course that Barry and his team have put together. You will be hard-pressed to find a more fun and engaging learning program. The content is interesting and challenging. The exercises are fun, testing and really help solidify concepts and practices, as well as introducing you to some remarkable individuals around the world. I ended up negotiating with a magistrate in Ghana and a lawyer in Poland. Highly recommend this course to novice and experienced negotiators alike.
Have you ever heard the saying, "there are things you know you don't know. And there are things you don't know that you don't know." This course had so much material that I would have never pursued to learn because I never knew it was a thing. I think everyone in life needs to take this course. It is applicable to the day to day life we all live. Thank you so much Professor for taking the time to put this together. I wish there was a part 2 after this introduction class.
This course opened up a new way of thinking for me about negotiation and value creation, and got me thinking about applying game theory to real world applications (my mental pie is expanded!). The format is different from any other online course I've taken: you start at 60, go to 100, then cruise at 40 for the rest of the course. Finding a negotiating partner, and the coordinating the logistics, can be challenging, but is worthwhile. Persistence in this course pays offs.
Very interesting, informative and well structured material by Barry Nalebuff. I was eager to learn and always pleased to take one more video every das. I also appreciated that the mastery quiz was hard enough to test knowledge, yet possible to pass, leaving a "successful taste in mouth". As working on the IT field, it was good to learn about negotiation. Something that is not specially determined by rules, so it taught me to think out of the box. Excellent course! :)
This course is very useful. It mattered to me because I found out how to calculate the bargaining pie, how to share it, what the bargaining power is, what BATNA is and the added value. I appreciate the fact that this course combines technical, mathematical aspects of negotiation with information related to the psychological perception of the power of the negotiating partner. It is a practical course that challenged me to understand negotiation on another level.
Fantastic course and really mind opening.  Starts off numbers heavy which in the end provides logical reasoning behind negotiations and takes us away from the go to negotiation practice of proportional division.  Good quality video and content and it's enjoyable and a great learning curve to have both online face to face and email negotiations with other students around the world.  I am already putting lessons into practice and had some great results.
This course was really excellent, one of the best I took on this platform. The lessons are clear and rich in interesting notions, short stories help put the concepts into reality and make them more clear. The professor a great talker and following the lessons was easy and pleasant. Little math involved and a lot of arguments more than rhetoric devices. Also, the exercises are useful because they show different possible frames for a negotiation
Great course with a great professor! Although some of the material requires reasonable math skills, overall all the material was easy to understand and the cases and examples made the theory uncomplicated and memorable. The knowledge and skills acquired during this course made me a lot more confident while dealing with any type of negotiation - I express my gratitude for Mr. Nalebuff for the terrific work he does done by teaching this course.
one of the best courses available. The delivery is flawless. You are going to learn a lot of new thing the develop a great arsenal of practical tools that will come in very handy while facing a negotiation situation. Loved the cases, and can imagine the amount of thought process that must have behind making the cases so alive. You literally breathe the assigned roles and if your are honest during role plays, you would learn a lot.
The best course I have done on Coursera till now. Highly engaging Professor with a great way of delivering content: the Professor has used graphic illustrator(s) and role players from the Yale Dramatics School to illustrate examples, rather just simply standing and speaking into the camera all the time. The Case studies and Peer-assignments were especially interesting. I'm already recommending this course to my friends!
This course will help anyone, even if you have no corporate experience or negotiation experience as the concept has been explained using lots of real-life examples and case studies. The case studies, in particular, were amazing as they really get your brain pumping with everything you learn to that point. Overall, this is one of the best courses out there and you should really try taking it and giving it a chance.
Professor Barry taught very well. The best online class i attended in coursera, edx, udemy etc. Much appreciated. The peer learning is amazing if you are lucky enough to get highly skilled partners. My partners included a guy with Six Sigma Black belt, professional trainer with post grad in business who trains many professionals and a medical-business expert. You learn a lot and this was a spectacular experience!
GREAT COURSE. Barry is an excellent teacher - his videos are effective, the practice quizzes really drive home the concepts, and the in-person practice negotiations were both fun and informative. All of the guest teachers provided great perspective and insight on the world of negotiating. I feel like I got a well rounded introduction to negotiation, and I'm confident enough to apply the principles in real life!
This course has given me considerable knowledge to mathematically approach any negotiation. The negotiation exercises specifically gave me an insight on how emotional/human my approach to a negotiation was, and I hope I will be able to approach all future negotiations with these points in my mind. The concept of the "Pie" is something that I feel will be very helpful in making any future decisions/negotiations
The BEST course I've taken in a long time, it's challenging and it drives you to learn. I love it because it's not a 'plug and chug course', you can't simply memorize the details to regurgitate it. If you love learning and love a challenge this is for you. If you need to understand negotiations and how to make it fair for business whether domestically in the US or Globally like me then take this course.
I've completed 13 courses on Coursera. Far and away, this is the best class! Barry Nalebuff is a terrific lecturer and teacher. The course is well assembled (professionally animated in some sections!), interactive (case studies worked on with classmates), and features outside experts. The ROI from this course is off the charts! Take it - your career, and even personal life, will greatly benefit from it.
This is a fantastic course compared to few other courses I had taken from online learning. The first 3 weeks of this course seem like the reasoning doesn't make sense to me and I almost gave up this course. Luckily I didn't. From 4th week onward, it start to make sense and logic. I believe this course makes me a better negotiator and it gave me a wider scope in viewing about things in my everyday life.
Very hands-on course and flexible. Even though you may not be good with numbers the course has been structured in a way that it would not stop you from excelling in it. It's a really interesting course. It opened my eyes to considering other options before you say, having BATNA etc. The lecturer takes his time to explain using life experiences for better understanding. I am glad I participated!!
This is an amazing course but let me give you a heads up, the course is going to be tough but it will leave you thinking and will enhance your creativity when solving problems. What I loved about this course is the ability to negotiate using logic and not the norm of lying about better offers and etc. Kudos to Barry because this is one of the most enjoyable courses I've taken in Cousera.
Well articulated course which you can learn at your own pace. Professor Barry was outstanding in terms of his delivery and engagement. After this course you would definitely see things differently which will benefit you in real life both professionally and peronally. Kudos to Yale university and coursera technical team to make this course very interactive. Keeping on increasing the pie.
By far the best coursera class I've took. Pr. Barry Nalebuff gives you great and clear theory, practice through group work and exams about negociation. He explain how to react when someone is using an ultimatum against you, how to build a fair deal so the other party is willing to accept your deal (and you still win!). And a lot more, just go for it, everybody should take this class.
One word: Excellent. I've not expected this level of engagement and interaction, nor the sense of empowerment after completing the course. Prof Barry and all those involved- you did an amazing job of not only bringing alive the subject matter, but doing justice to teaching good and fair principles applicable to all of life. ...and everything in life is a negotiation ;) Well done ALL!
It is worth going for the course. It helped me to learn a lot on how and what to prepare before negotiation, to fix our Batna, to determine reserve price, sharing the pie and dealing with the tough situation during the negotiation. Also one of the best part was to make negotiation partner through the discussion forum. It was really useful to learn different perspective and cultures.
I loved this course, it was really interesting, there were bunch of examples to improve our understanding and there were amazing activities, i really felt sorry when the professor finished, it's the course that I've enjoyed the most so far, so I just gotta say thank you! It was amazing! I highly recommend it to the people who really want to learn, it's quite long but it's worth it!
What a mazing course. Absolutely, the way of deliver the knowledge and sharing the information was unique from Barry. Its my first course in Coursera. a lot of experience I gained during 8 weeks. Moreover, the style of online education with the cases its really increase my awareness, knowledge and experience. Finally, professor Barry make the content valuable. Thank you Barry.
Very well designed course. At first, I was biased that this would be one of the courses I will leave without completing. But from the first minute up until the end this course kept me alive. I suggest you take the cases and assignments seriously, you will be amazed how your negotiation skills will improved. At worst, you will understand what you were doing good/bad until now.
I took this online course in my first year of bachelor (although it's a master level course) and had a fun time following it and Dr. Nalebuff. The videos were very interesting and well done, and the concepts were taught in a way which made them easy to grasp. The course is also interactive and allows one to challenge their knowledge and skills. A highly recommendable course!!
Really enjoyed this course. Professor  Nalebuff succeeded in passing to us the main principals of negotiations. using cases and examples easy to be "digested" by people that have no previous negotiation experience. It was also interesting the interaction we had with other students frokm all over the world,  that were taking this course, in order to negotiate with each other.
I think it's a very interesting course that expands your negotiating skills. It includes many practical examples that are very useful for understanding the concepts. The case studies allow you to conduct negotiations by applying the lessons learned. It implies a lot of dedication, more than the hours that the course tells you to invest to do it correctly, but it is worth it.
An excellent investment of time and effort to gain both powerful and useful insights which help polish existing negotiation skills or enable new approaches that can be used in any negotiation. Don't hesitate to take this course as it will yield great returns on your time and effort invested in taking it. So, enjoy the learning and strike better deals as a result. Good luck!
Some of the material in the beginning of the course is not very clear and some of the exercises need to be updated to match the accompanying documentation. This course also requires partnering up with a class-mate which can be challenging. However, over all, the instructor does a great job of providing many insights and tools that can be of use in real world negotiations.
This is the best course I've done so far. I strongly recommend the course for who needs basic knowledge for the successful negotiation. Whole supplementary videos were interestingly introduced. And additional practices with other online course attendees from all over the world were special gifts to learn. I am looking forward Prof. Nalebuff's upcoming lecture. Thank you
So far, the best course I have taken in Coursea. Full of practical and interesting presentation, I am still enjoying the learning experience that covers the difficult theory in so much fun, clear and concise explanation. Despite the difficulty for finding a partner in Asia to complete the course negotiation exercise, this is the best learning experience I have ever had.
This is without question one of the best course I have taken online or in a classroom as an undergraduate or in graduate school. The professor is smart, witty and has a great presentation style. As this is my first course on Coursera, I am so happy that I found it. My goodness, how much more money and opportunities I would have had if I had this course 10 years ago.
I've been negotiating in my professional role for 14 years and still had a lot to learn from Barry's course.  His application of economics principles to real life negotiation was enlightening.  The production of the course is the best I've seen on Coursera, and the delivery style was very engaging from the start.  Would love to attend one of his classes in person!
I loved this course. The concepts and theories were very well explained. I loved doing live negotiations, Being right in the moment negotiating definitely helped me in putting the theories in practical use. I also discovered a lot of new things about myself, one being how much I enjoy negotiating.  I would like to thank Mr. Barry for being an excellent teacher.
It was a very useful course to everyone especially for profesional, was short but very comprehensive. The course has a lot of new information that I haven't knew before. So many things that I didn't know about the principled of negotiation but I have done lots of negotiation for years. This course definitely can help me with my work and also in life. Thank you!
Engaging, interactive and thural course that will give you not only the basic principles of negotiation, but a case-studies experiance where you can put thepry into practise. I woul recommend this course to all my friends as I am sure the structure, execusion and implied ideas are on a high level and will further develop you as e professional and as a person.
Excellent course! Very well made videos able to retain attention, Special Thanks to Professor Nalebuff for teaching me so much about the nit and grit of negotiations in a very interesting manner. The practical negotiation experiences help tremendously, I appreciate the efforts of the entire team to help prepare this course. Thank you.Neerav Shah, India
This course is a great resource of negotiation skills for me (some one new to Strategic / Managerial Skills).  I cleared this course with good score and purchased the certificate for this course as well and this to my professional skills. I would recommend this course to someone who is looking to grow negotiation / strategic and or managerial skills.
Unlike many other negotiation courses which only focus on the importance of eloquence and gesture to affect people's decision making process, this course introduces a better approach to negotiation through very specific and persuasive principles. An excellent course which has helped change my perspective on negotiation. Thank you very much Barry.
This course is really well thought out, and the professor takes a logical--and fun--approach from explaining the concept of the pie, all the way to more advanced topics. Additionally, the real-world experiences and engaging videos helped me absorb the information more quickly and relate it back to my own past and, hopefully future, negotiations!
The good: introduction of some deep concepts that I haven't seen yet, in a clear format.What could be better: I would have preferred the course to focus more on the technical aspects, and there were quite large sections that I thought didn't add much to the information content.Thankfully there was enough good for it to get a high rating overall.
Excellent course - Barry does an incredible job of breaking down the complex art of negotiation into practical chunks that can easily be applied to real word situations.Examples, illustrations and guest speakers are all exceptional.Easily a 5/5 and highly recommended to anyone who deals with other people on a regular basis (namely - everyone).
This is definitely a perfect course. It changed my point of view enormously. Highly recommend to everyone! This is very effective, there are many case studies, many videos and readings that help you certainly to be a better negotiator in your professional life as well as in your daily life!Thank you very much for offering such a great course!
This course is highly recommended for anyone in the world of business, whether you are running a business, want to run one or are a corporate employee. The course is very well presented with animations and graphics and business games are included which help you learn a lot. Quite simply put this is one of the best courses I have ever taken!
This course had amazing pedagogical methods of teaching all important concepts. Various activities that were to be accomplished as a part of this course were very unique too and above all the aim of this course to introduce strategic methods of negotiating was met successfully, I learnt new principles of negotiating with people. Thanks !
This is a very interesting course and it has opened my eyes to the different methods and approaches for negotiation. I chose to try out the course first before deciding whether I should pay for it. Half way through I really enjoyed the contents of the course and ended up paying for the certificate to add in my LinkedIn as well as my CV.
This course is one of the best on Coursera. It covers just as much to start developing oneself as a professional negotiator. All course materials - quizzes, group assignments, and lectures have been well prepared and organized. Thank you, Professor, for clear and engaging instructions. Taking this course online was a smooth experience.
Barry Nalebuff's "Introduction to Negotiation: A Strategic Playbook for Becoming a Principled and Persuasive Negotiator" in my opinion is a masterpiece that made me think about things to this date I've never considered during negotiations. If I would have the time I'd certainly be tempted to take this course at Yale University as well.
Professor Nalebuff is an absolutely phenomenal professor/educator.  The course was extremely interesting and useful.  I hope to use what Dr. Nalebuff taught in my negotiations regarding my daughter's upcoming wedding.  Fortunately, the process is in its infancy.  I have already recommended this course to my future son-in-law.Thank you.
One of the best courses I have ever taken online.  The professor was exceptionally charismatic and put a lot of effort into his video production.  The course material and delivery were excellent.  A great primer for anyone who looks to better understand effective negotiation strategies for either their personal or professional lives.
An absolutely amazing course, full of relevant topics and teachings to become a principled and persuasive negotiator. I will continue to refer to my notes and keep coming back to some of the course material to refresh concepts. Definitely recommend this course for anybody looking to improve their understanding of negotiation skills!
It has been a wonderful experience with the Negotiation class by Prof. Barry. The exercises were designed to enhance our way of thinking that we forget tend to not model mathematically and not to forget, A ton of thanks for hosting Linda's sessions to introduce to statistics of negotiation by women and take  on a special emphasis.
Very engaging and knowledgeable tutor. The use of case studies with actors brought the online experience alive and reinforced the taught insights with a sense of discovery. A highly recommended course useful for anyone at any level. A good foundation for further study in negotiation, game theory or conflict resolution.  Thank you.
It was a pleasure attending and completing this class.  I'd highly recommend this course to other professionals who spend most of their time doing a negotiation, just like I do.  I definitely gained a lot of new knowledge from Prof. Barry, not only from his teaching but also the way the online course was prepared by his team.
Eye open course, I think the main thing I learned from this course is a new perspective to see many things.  Meanwhile, the interactive sessions are also very helpful which we get chance to practice meanwhile learned from our peers. Very appreciate the efforts from the professor and his team for giving such a great course!
Very well made course. The lecture are fun and not boring at all!It's a very good introduction, and the main takeaway is that you'll learn why and how to negotiate fair.For a beginner in negotiation, this course lays a very good foundation, and opens the eyes, broadens the view on what negociation really is meant to be.
Although I find difficult to understand and assimilate some mathematics concepts. I find the course useful. Barry makes it easy to understand and interesting. At the beginning as I couldn`t understand somethings I was thinking of leaving the course. But luckily I finish it and at the end I can say it was a great course.
Great Teacher. Great examples. Only issue i did not like what that you had to find a partner to negotiate with and I found it a bit difficult to find people in my time zone who spoke good English. Other than that it was a great course and I recommend it for any one who want to go into business, law or retail management
This course is great, it is based on small video presentations with vivid examples of principles. The exercises with partners are very well organized and fun to do.The principles are well explained and easy to understand even by non-business majors.I shook hands on my job offer (I'm a chemist) ... if only I had known!
This is the best course of negotiation ever. You learn a lot of strategies that you have never seen before. It opens your eyes in a way you could identify what is your best choice or your action plan to convince and win a negotiation. It's so worth it for your life in any aspect. I just love it. I recommend it 100%.
Fantastic course, I have learn so much about negotiation and at the same time I have enjoyed a lot. Thanks so much Mr. Barry Nalebuff, for helping us grow professionally and personally, and for having accompanied us through this difficult times of uncertainly and sad global situation. Stay safe and best wishes!
Totally worth the effort. As a student this is definately not a walk in the park. Be prepared to require solid maths skills - the key strategy to a successful course, amongst a proper preparation.I highly recommend this course to everyone, who is interested in a solid introduction into professional negotiation.
Great opportunity to better understand the principles of negotiation. Big plus for all the quizes, case studies, games and many interactive polls during videos that show what other students usually choose. Very analytical and statistic data-based approach served via condensed and eye-pleasing visual graphics.
This course is great. There is excellent training material and the live exercises add a lot of value. There is a lot of very good theory, which is very useable, pleasantly explained,  articulated very well and highly memorable. I love the principled approach that is used and the concepts that are explained.
This is one of the best courses I've ever done. It kept me immersed and engaged in the subject which I didn't even think I liked. After the course, I have a completely different view on negotiation and I love it. It's a skill to apply on anything and everything in your life. I highly recommend this course!
This course was nothing short of great and has given me a whole new toolbox of skills to use in professional and personal settings. It was really a pleasure to learn from Professor Nalebuff. He found ways of making even the most difficult material approachable. I can't recommend this course highly enough.
It was a unique experience, as South American, being able to participate and negotiate with people who was taking the same course from all over the world, is something you can usually dream of. Definitly I feel the change on my way of seing negotiation and I expect to meet our professor and partners soon.
I learned a lot from this course and would love to thank Barry Nalebuff and Coursera for making this possible. It's been a delight to be able to enroll in such a fructiferous course which has taught me so much. I'm feeling really excited and would love to continue learning, I can't recommend it any more.
Excellent course! I look forward to continued learning. I think the quality of this course was excellent, and the classwork and supplemental materials were extraordinary. I loved the interaction with my classmates and the accessibility of the professor. Cannot say enough about how amazing this class was!
I really liked the course, specially being able to negotiate with people of diferent countries and cultures around the globe.  The concept of spliting the pie it's very usefull in negotiations. Also how to become allocentric to be a better negotiator it´s a very persuasive aproach in every negotiation.
A well-designed course with extremely useful content curated from the instructor as well as some of the renowned negotiation experts. A suggestion would be to try and simplify Weeks 1 and 2 of the course by reducing the technicality and making the concepts easier to assimilate. Many thanks Prof. Barry.
I strongly recommend this course to those who want to learn some useful tools and techniques to become a better negotiator. Content is great, the course is nice to follow and it's not just watching some videos, you must really understand the concepts to pass the tests and it really forces you to think.
Exceptionally interesting and useful course. Requires  a basic grasp of mathematical concepts. Very well presented with plenty of illustrative examples and interactive projects. Valuable contributions from professional negotiators and a refreshing dose of humour here and there. Highly recommended.
I enjoyed this course co much! The greatest thing about it was the opportunity to practice negotiations theory with other students - I found a lot of people with the same interests as me and I really liked negotiations we did. Thank you for such an amazing course! All professors were brilliant!
This course has changed my outlook on negotiations and conflicts: I used to see them as a competitive game and have now switched to a collaborative problem solving approach. I now actually look forward to negotiating and creating added value both in my professional as well as private life.
Thanks, Prof Barry & your team.Aim of negotiation is about maximizing the pie, getting the most for both parties, negotiate for good course, longer term. Appreciate you invited outstanding experienced negotiators to share their live experience. Together we make this world a better place!
I loved the entire course and the effort put into the professor with his animations and fun ideas. This course does have a lot of calculated math, basic for sure, and required me to watch the math videos at least thrice. But overall, I loved it. Thank you for putting your soul into this.
Great content delivered by professor Barry Naleduff and his guests. The course is well articulated, with videos, cases and inspiring life stories which make it very enjoyable. I leave the course being fulfilled and a desire to keep learning more from professor Barry Naleduff. Thank you!
Great course. Interesting and dinamic.It was great to negotiate with people around the world (in my case, I am a lawyer from Argentina and did the negotiatios with another Lawyer in Brazil and an accountant form India) and I learnt very usefull things for my day to day work.  Thanks!!!
I enjoyed a lot from all the lectures in the course. Many thanks for the very carefully prepared course contents and the classroom atmosphere that I felt throughout all the lessons. I recommend very strongly to everybody who wants to be a better negotiator and more succesfull in life.
This is a really fun course! Not easy, to be honest, but very rewarding. Nalebuff has a nice combination of mathematics and guts in all the negotiation strategies, and has a great sense of humor in all videos, making it a lot easier to understand. I recommend this course to everyone.
It was an intensive and great course to get all the tools for reasonable negotiating! Thank you a lot for this very well structured course with all the wise content. I learned a lot not only for myself but also for my job. Thank you so much Barry Nalebuff! You are a great professor!
I have never thought that we can do the negotiation on the approaches taught in this course. What is surprising to me is the Talmud method which has been used for 2000 years. I will retake this course, rewatch the video, there are many gems here that can prepare us to negotiations.
This is really a great course and it gives a different perception on how we should view negotiation in life. The instructor also reminded us to negotiate with our values and personal style. Winning isn't everything. Creating bigger value (& pie) in life & society is more important.
Fantastic and enlightening course, so wonderfully presented and loaded with good ideas and lessons from so many prepared and experienced people, as well as a great opportunity to practice and improve. Congratulation to the team and, specially, Barry Nalebuff and Yale for having him
Fantastic course! Quite informative and I useful I must say. Professor Nalebuff explains all concepts in an understandable way, without sugar-coating and using excessively complex terms. I could only wish to have attended one of his other courses.. My sincere admiration and thanks!
It's truly one of the most beneficial courses I've ever taken, both in the classroom and online. The course is very well made and Barry does an excellent job of getting the facts straight in our brains. I would recommend this course to anyone who is looking to develop a new skill.
A well structured and presented course. The design is made in this way that as a student you really feel like you would be participating in an actual classroom. The only aspect that I found atypical is to be able to receive a certificate after 5 out of 9 weeks of overall course.
The course is brilliant and professionally taught to every single detail. You can remember everything well because of various visual tools used: animation, videos, cases. Thank you very much , Barry, for your work.  I literally couldn't stop learning, because it so interesting!
Great course! Very well explained, even the hardest terms. Short videos that do not make you feel like really studying so hard, but very informative/educational. Learnt a lot of practical things that I am going to fully use both in my personal life and professional. Thank you!
Prof. Nalebaum has crafted a thoughtful and detailed course, which wonderfully assists the learner in navigating the intricacies of negotiation basics. I would heartily recommend this course to both learned and beginning negotiators as it is a key skill to have in one's life.
One of the best courses I´ve ever taken, a very complete guide full with interesting videos and interactive  activities, Mr Nalebuff teaches a very interesting way to teach business and since I´m about to enter the University this was an excellent choice for my first course.
Excellent course!  Highly recommend for anyone who negotiates as part of their professional role, and also a great course for personal needs (buying a house, car, job offer negotiations, etc.). Barry is an engaging professor and has several excellent guest speakers as well.
I  enjoyed the course very much. It provides a structure for negotiation in private and also in business situations.  I adopt the new skills presenting my business proposals in new way and I experience higher engagement and higher contracting rate. I am extremely satisfied.
This course is great for it showed me new perspectives of approaching a paternship, a collaboration, a business deal, or just a nromal ride-share situation. Great real life examples to help me ease into theories and more advanced skills. Thank you, Professor Barry Nalebuff.
It is perfectly well-paced course for students as well as working executives who deal with day-to-day situations where they have to negotiate every time with logical as well dominating negotiators. This course helps to understand how to handle the turbulent situations too.
Learning through an online module cannot be more interactive than what this course offers. Barry's style of delivery and way of structuring the course is what makes this course fun as well as challenging at the same time. I look forward to learning more courses from Barry.
A very informative, well-structured course. Barry did a stellar job teaching this course, especially the fact that it was done online through video lessons. The course was much better than I had anticipated, I will definitely be recommending this to my friends! Thank you.
While this course is intellectually challenging, it is very fun for me.  I could not stop even with a busy life.  The skills I learned not only benefit business wise, but also personal life.  I strongly recommend this class for career advancement and personal enrichment.
I am very glad I completed this course, I learnt a lot about game theory and being a strategic negotiator. This course provides great content in theory and also in practical, there are practical exercises along with the theories to master being a successful negotiator.
The course is challenging one. You need to understand theory of game, statistics etc. The instructor gives his best to explain the theory with the practise. In general its a very good and refreshing one. It gives a new perspective to negotiation with real math terms.
Simply amazing. You are learning a life skill with an amazing material both engaging and entertaining.I loved working in group and I am excited now to try me new skills in real life. Thanks to Barry Nelebuff for this concentrate of wisdom, psychology and game theory.
This course is amazing which broads my horizon for negotiation. I have never thought that negotiation could be done in a principled way which involves maths. I benefit a lot from this course. During the COVID-19 pandemic, I found this course and I will keep learning,
great learning course, helped us to get knowledge about the negotiation tactics and also how it is done in the real world, looking forward for such more courses on negotiation and sales and marketing from yale with the real word scenarios. thankyou for the course.
I’ve been negotiating in Real Estate for many years, and through this course was enlightened to new and useful approaches I would have never discovered on my own. I even learned how to better explain the strategies I already practiced to my clients. Great course.
Amazing course! My first online course and certainly not the last! I came over to this course with zero understanding and background in negotiation and can now say I am confident in negotiating over everyday small matters all the way to larger business deals.
I'm not finished the course as yet, but so far this course has been the best I've seen in terms of organization, delivery and also a challenge. The author of the course has clearly put effort into producing this online version of his Yale course and it shows.
This course is fantastic.  The material comprises some game theory concepts, many examples, contributions from known international negotiators, curiosities...  all available for free (if you don t need a certificate).  Hi quality. Nalebuff made a great job.
An amazing course for everyone who wants to become a better negotiator, not only in business but also in everyday life. Professor Nalebuff is an excellent teacher and his sense of humor makes the whole course even better. I strongly recommend the course.
Excellent course, really the quality was over my expectations, the material, technics, explanations. Really this was a very good course. Initially, I thought that this will be a 4 weeks course, but I was very sourprise when this is 5 weeks + 4 more tips.
Really fun and well thought out course. Workload was nice, enough to get the feeling that you need to do something in order to learn, but not too much that you are overwhelmed. Good quality content and easy to follow. I definitely recommend this course!
Excellent course when you want to gain both theoretical insights and practical tips related to negotiating. The course is made very fun by the many videos and the practice negotiations with other people you meet through this course are very insightful.
I was surprised about the quality of this online course. Probably the best one I have taken so far. The subject relates to many situations in our lives and for this reason I believe we can somehow use these concepts. Thanks for sharing this knowldege.
Highly instructive course which brings your understanding of "negotiation" to another level.Course provides enough tools to structure your negotiation skills with a more principled approached.Insights from different negotiators are very valuable.
If you are a beginner, like me, and want to know about negotiation then go ahead. The exciting part of this course lies in the assignments. I would advise you to take some time and indulge in solving the cases. It gives you a hands-on experience.
Fully recommended. Very good material and well explained and in a very interesting way that makes you want to learn more. This course definitively meets the expectation of being an introduction to negotiation, covering a broad number of topics.
Great course. Absolutely loved it. Thanks to Barry and Coursera for facilitating this. The approach was simple and interesting. The course has be instructed in a creative and easy to understand manner. The course material is very much superior.
Looking forward for continuing course. I hope for it since its just Introduction.  Some part was hard due mathematics approach and need to be reviewed again for better understanding. But I like this course and it helps me to train english btw(
A great course presented in a very creative way. I love how Pr.Nalebuff introduced many contents as videos, comments, stories, etc... The exams and homework surely helps get all the information in mind. Thank you for the course Barry & Yale!
It was an incredible experience. Prof. Nalebuff was awesome in his instructions. Herb Cohen, I will never forget his name because of the impact his rich experience had on my thinking in this course. I recommend this course for every leader.
I have completed this course after a long time resting. This course is phenomena and exciting. The question in this course shows the intelligence and well known knowledge of the professor. Thanks you so much. I appreciate you from my heart
Great course! Barry Nalebuff is not only a tried and tested entrepreneur, but also a great teacher. Everything taught builds on top of itself and is the professor is able to break down these concepts in a way that everybody can understand.
The best one so far and really out of my comfort zone. The mandatory interaction with other students teaches a lot. You can identify students that tried to report without really negotiating after doing the negotiations exercises yourself .
This course is very helpful. I enjoyed doing all the negotiation assignments with the fellow students. I think there could be even more of those because the most important part of becoming a better negotiator is practice practice practice!
Negotiation is not only about the added value of the individual ingredients to make the pie, it's how you cook it and divide it. This is a must course in life, to live with no regrets on your past decision and anticipate your futurs ones.
I ended up learning so many things to help me in everyday life that it did not matter that I took the course thinking it was something else completely.  It was easy to follow along, and the videos were short enough to keep your attention.
Weeks 1  to 5 are absolutely excellent. I liked the structure: It really helped providing the theoretical fundation first and establishing principles.  And then doing the actual negotiations in week 3, 4 and 5. I definitely learned a lot.
I highly recommend this course to everyone - regardless of what your role is, what your career path looks like, this is a great course to really understand how to effectively communicate with others and negotiate anything and everything.
Love the way Professor Nalebuff kept giving small subsets of each concept which compiled beautifully into this meaningful  "Negotiation" package in the end. Would be glad to learn something from Mr. Nalebuff in person. Thanks Coursera!
This course provides applicable and solid tools that will expand your toolbox in negotiations. As a corporate lawyer with more than two decades of experience, I was humbled and I am grateful to have learned much of what I was missing.
Very nice course, sometimes is difficult due to lots of maths. After you will receive certificate, continue learning, there is more practical and interesting insights ahead! Thank you fir the humour and good examples and infographics!
Excellent course having both content and presentation. I recommend every professional irrespective of the verticle or company he or she works for should go for this course. It is one of the best courses I have learned during my life.
I learned how to be persuasive, how to calculate the amount that we want to go for, and know what is the least we cas accept of selling or Buying. So muchs tools that we can use in our bussines work and also in our everyday matters.
This was my first course through this program and I really enjoyed the instructor and the graphics used. It pushed me out of my comfort zone to connect with people from around the world, but that was very valuable. It was excellent!
i loved the examples. and really appreciate the effort that's been put into planning out the sessions. it was never too much or too little and I feel much more comfortable about potentially having to negotiate things in my life. :)
I greatly enjoyed this course. First one to finish on the Coursera and huge success! All the recommended readings and extra assignments were fun and interesting, and helped to get a taste of what negotiations are about. Thank you!
This is an amazing course that will change the way you think and operate. The key words here are "Principled and Persuasive" which means that you can get what you want without becoming a used car salesmen :) . Highly Recommended!!
I think this course is great to get started on negotiation. It is full of quality and engaging content. The professor is also very good, the way he teaches makes you feel that the time you spend doing the course is well invested.
I really enjoyed from the great combination of theory, practical discussions and my personal engagement as a student that were created by just the right quizzes and practical exercises. It was very refreshing and opened my mind.
Undoubtedly a must-do course for everyone in the sales role. The way things have been explained, it can't be more simpler than this plus the most important of ideas are communicated in the simplest of ways possible. Hats off !!
The course is very complete and the final videos with Herb's comments are excelent. It brings several insights on how we negotiate and discuss things every day. Excellent course, totally worth the time and the energy. Congrats!
Challenging and intuitive course with an entertaining and well versed professor. Highly recommend for Purchasing professionals. I've been in Purchasing for 26 years and my eyes were opened to new logic and ideas in this course.
This is an excellent course. Very well thought and executed. Assignments, tests and negotiations with other participants allow you to get a real feel for whether you understand the material even if you are auditing the course.
Great course materials, challenging assignments that help strengthened learning. Friendly and knowledgeable professorWould highly recommend this course to anyone who likes learning and understanding what negotiation is about.
Very well articulated course and amazing case studies along with some fun content. Was not boring even for a second. Really enjoyed the course and I feel my negotiation skills have definitely been honed and developed further.
I enjoyed this course a lot. The lessons were well structured, informative and entertaining. The math was packaged and explained well, while the examples with actors gave a great amount of examples what (sometimes not) to do.
Excellent course given by an engaging instructor (at 1.5x speed) on a useful topic! Make sure to follow his recommendations and meet up with others to do the negotiations, it adds immensely to the experience and the learning.
Professor Barry Nalebuff  is one of the brilliant minds I have ever meet (altough it is an online course) it is absolutely a pleasure to learn from Him and his brilliant ideas and guidance.Thank You Very Much!Carlos Sevilla
A loved this learning session. It was a excellent amalgamation of learning the concept along with practise session through real interactions and case studies. I look forward to learning more from the professor and coursera
This course is a great guide for sales people at any stage in their career.  However, i feel the process of finding a negotiation partner is quite difficult. Otherwise, the case studies and the course content is fantastic.
An interestingly delivered course, principles and strategies explained clearly. I enjoyed every bit of this course and have gained significant knowledge in negotiation. I will recommend this course to every professional.
Really interesting course. Learned something new in every video. Great instructor, very engaging. Love the format as well. Great for someone with a more than full time job.First coursera course I have taken. Great start!
Just great!I have to admit that there are some mind twisting and "not fair" approaches inside, but I say this in the most grateful way!Thanks for offering the course and the opportunity to take it outside the university!
The professor provides you with different tools based on game theory and important negotiation books. He also explains strategies used by him or collegues, and a lot of clear examples for you to understand the concepts.
I found the course to be very instructive and dynamic. I would totally recommend it to anyone interested on improving his negotiation skills as they do not only serve as a tool in business but in life in generas well.
One of the unique courses where the participants enjoy personal interaction and communication with the professor. We had several online meetings and discussions that made the course live! I like the course very much.
Excellent and well structured course, keep doing the good job, this course impacted me in providing a fresh and more objective perspective in negotiation and definitely improving skills via practical tools and tips.
Excellent class about Negotiation. I hope you like maths because there will be a lot of very concrete examples (and quite difficults). The teacher is pedagogic and speakers invited are great ! A really good course.
One of the most insightful and educational courses I have taken. The professor is very interesting and captures your attention. The hands on negotiations are fun and valuable. I definitely recommend it to everyone.
I loved the teaching of Prof. Barry. His thought process and energy is admirable and inspirational. Thank you so much. My thanks also to the team at Yale. Wish I could've studied in such a prestigious University.
My first coursera experience and I loved it! I loved Professor Nalebuff's insights, the course pace, the numerous examples, the very challenging exercises, the simulated negotiations and the experts' testimonies.
Very interesting course ! Lectures are entertaining and has a lot of real life examples. I recommend it to anyone who is keen on learning new things and wants to learn in non academic environment (eg. at home).
The Prof is great, explaining in a very easy to digest manner and also has a sense of humour! This course is more than simply a learning tool, it is also Entertainment! A must do Course for anyone to be honest.
This course was amazing, I liked everything about it. I liked the methodology, doing the cases, all the examples and things that happened to Barry Nalebuff. It is an amazing course and I will use it in my life
Thanks a lot for giving us an opportunity to learn about Principled negotiation. The course is designed in the best manner along with so many example and cases, makes it so interesting.Thanks Team Coursera !!
The cases are a lot of fun, and the course offers a lot of different insights both theoretical and practical. The guests are all extremely experienced and shared valuable knowledge. Very well designed course.
Was an excelent education, information and easy, really easy to follow throgh the weeks. Im already taking another course on the site. Thanks a lot coursera team, Barry and the others teachers colaborators.
very much loved this course. Professor Barry has designed a very good course content. I was able to understand through this course the nuances of negotiation. I highly recommend everyone to take this course
Complete, professional, funny, enriching. Absolutely Recommended. Professor Nalebuff and collaborators have crafted a great course for any level of previous experience and background, Thanks for your work!
Full of tools based on hands-on experience from some very smart people - fun, challenging with so much wisdom collected in one place. Couldn't have spend my precious time in a more rewarding way, thank you
You're an amazing lecturer! I really enjoyed taking this class, although I was a bit shocked when I got to the "completed" at week 5. I definitely planned for a few more nights of work and got off easy :)
I like week-1. The math part of the course can be overwhelming. There are so many options to consider when negotiating.  I realize, I have to think more out of the box in order to get win- win  solution.
It was an excellent course.  Prof. Barry has done a good job by introducing the Pie concept and some very useful tips for a successful negotiation. I am looking forward to receive my Course Certificate.
it is a very complete, clear guide for becoming a principled negotiatior, even for those like me who have never seen any of these principles. Many many thanks! Can't wait to start a new course with you!
This was one of the best courses so far .I really enjoyed the instructor Barry , the way he teaches was very engaging .However i believe more case like Zincit must be there to make it more challenging .
Everything is explained really well and it is very easy to follow. The teacher makes the lessons very interesting and provides a lot of examples that help understand the concepts that are being taught.
Strongly recommended: it's not only very useful with theorical contents and material, but with different practical negotiations to be done that help you to change your point of view when negotiating
It was amazing in that it was made comprehensive and entertaining. Also the negotiation activities was an amazing idea where we got alot of experience by negotiating in real life with real people.
Thank you Professor Barry.It was a great learning experience of studying strategies and principles, collaborated with peers. Thank you.I am buying your book too.Kind regards,Katherine from Toronto
Game theory + empathy. Very interesting course since it combined some math with psychology. The amount of work is great and forces you to do exercises with other people, which I feel is crucial.
Dr Nalebuff made the course interesting and fun. I learned a lot about negotiation. I thought it was awesome he brought in other experts to share their stories and even hosted two live webinars.
I am only starting with this course but I love how well the material is presented. These guys put some serious effort into getting their knowledge across having the student´s experience in mind.
Excellent course! 360 learning, adding real negotiations with very intersting theoretical material. Loved the professor and his approach to negotiation and its applications. Highly recommended!
Understanding and having in mind knowledge from this course is an entrance ticket to negotiations, thank you very much! I really want some advanced course of this topic, ex. tough negotiations.
Great teacher, great course which teaches strategies that can be applied in everyday life.I would love to see a follow-up couse exploring the concepts in more depth and teaching new strategies.
Enjoy the Prof, his guests and the principles taught.  In particular I like the concept, of “would you have taken your own offer”.  It wasn’t one of his main chapter principles but I like it.
Best value for money course I've done in my life. Applicable in the work and in life in general. Superbly presented, other online courses should use it as a guide. Thank you very much indeed.
This course is perfect for any individual out there with a desire to expand their understanding of logical persuasion. You will come out of this course a meticulous and intuitive negotiator.
Excellent course! It really broadened my perspective on collaboration, understanding of different approaches in negotiation, as well as the importance of allocentric perspective. Thank you!
Super course. Rather than a course, it seems a guideline of how to create powerful synergies to maximize the outcomes of challenging situations.  I highly recommend it. Thank you professor.
Great course, Barry is a compelling presenter and the course offers a good overview of a number of negotiation principles.  This is a useful step on the way to becoming a great negotiator.
Great course! one of the best that I have ever seen in Coursera, very well driven and great content, Barry is an amazing bright teacher....would be great to get some more courses from him
it was really goo course to learn the topic negotiation. The videos, exercise and cases did help us each of us to push out of our way to learn key ways to negotiate with other partners.
This course was immensely valuable in term of highly logical approach to negotiation and having a better deal, in business as well as in day to day life. I really enjoyed the lectures!
This is one of the best online courses I have done so far. Very well strutured and concise. I think everybody not already an expert in negotiating will benefit from taking this course.
I've enjoyed this course, professor Nalebuff made me feel like he was here next to me, and we were having a pleasant conversation, thus helping me absorb the content much more easily.
I LOVED this class and was so engulfed in it that I didn't even realize I had completed it! Would definitely recommend this prof. and this course interested in the art of negotiating.
Great course, the videos are funny, well taught. The practice exercise is also good and really useful. teachers show you the negotiation from another point of view. Very recomendable.
Its very nicely explain course for the student not belonging to the field. It starts from the basic and goes till the end of the topic. The way every concept are explained are great.
This course is amazing! Love the course content, engaging videos and discussions. Professor Nalebuff has ensured that students have an experience very similar to an in-person course.
This is perhaps the most pragmatic course that I have taken. Everyone should learn about negotiation and games for leading a satisfying life. And bonus, Professor Nalebuff is a gem!
I strongly suggest this course. It is really interactive and it gives the possibility to know and negotiate with new people, by applying the knowledges acquired on real life cases.
It's fantastic a course. I never though the negotiation has so many theory and skiils behind. It's very helpful not only for the negotiation itself, but also the business thinking.
Thank you Prof Barry, I learnt so much from this course and enjoy all the video animation and case studies. Thank you for putting in so much effort to make the learning enjoyable.
Very useful, although difficult to follow sometimes, when you come back to examples in real life negotiations between companies you realize how useful is what the course thaughts
This course was excellent. Barry, and his deluxe guest proffessors were absolutely outstanding. Thank you very much for teaching such valuable content with the highest quality!!
This course is very interesting, practical, and interactive. The approach adopted is the best way to learn how to negotiate better by putting the skills you learn into practice.
Highly recommend. The course exceeded my expectations in every way. The content and presentation are excellent. How I approach negotiations going forward will be very different.
Highly recommend this course to everyone! Do not get discouraged at first at the sing of math through. IT is a very interactive program and all your questions will be answered.
Professor Barry Nalebuff was able to make an online class something I looked forward to each week! I learned a lot and found his class informative and entertaining! Thank you!
Thanks to Prof. Barry for teaching various concepts and strategies, sharing and explaining real-time examples. I felt very informative and will definitely suggest this course.
The course was wonderful. Infact, I now see life differently and apply every step of the course into my personal negotiation. I am tempted start a new career as a negotiator.
exceptional yet surprising course. A lot of info and practice about how to become a better negotiator; indeed in how to start being a negotiator. Enlighting course. Congrats!
It was very nice to see other perspectives on how to negotiate and how to see what´s on stage. Also, amazing views on what are the expected values of a contract to each side.
This course is amazing... It taught me that there is always a way can can benefit everyone... And help you keep a healthy relation with your client, partner, parties etc...
I have learned to broaden my point of view in negotiations and to find and expand "the Pie".
The variety of videos is very enriching and the practical examples very useful.
Absolute fantastic course. I have learned so much and I will for sure be able to integrate my new skills in my career. Barry Nalebuff and his team created a great course!
This course has been both interesting and entertaining, as it teaches really important strategies and principles in an intuitive and interactive way. Totally suggested!
Definitely a brilliant course.You'll learn the nuances of negotiation and even without you paying conscious attention to it, you'll end up using it in your daily life.
Very useful course, learned a lot of concepts and gain new skills. Materials are very well done, Barry is a very good professor and the course is very well presented.
This is a course for everyone. Prof Nalebuff is an excellent tutor/guide. It covers in a lot of detail, with everyday life examples, the nuances of any transaction.
Excellent course to make a abstract negotiation process to be quantitive. Help us to understand the logic which helps us set our baseline and make a right decision.
Everything that you learn in this course can be apply to your personal and professional life. I am also planning to teach my son how to negotiate from an early age.
I highly recommend this course.You will find it fun and engaging if you're interested in negatiation, independently from your education and professional background.
Great course. I have learnt the tricks of successful negotiation through this course. Than You Yale university and Coursera and Barry Nalebuff for this oppotunity.
Brilliant Course, it is very challenging and tests your understanding and also provides the opportunity to collaborate with wonderful and diverse partners globally
Great course. Interesting perspectives on negotiation. The course itself is well structured and content animation is really keeping the subject from becoming dry !
Very focused course but worth every piece of knowledge; I would tell you what it's all about but that would take away from my ability to negotiate! Happy learning.
Enjoyed the course thoroughly Provides good foundation for folks wanting to get better in negotiations its only a 5 week course but appears as a 9 week investment!
Great course. Teaches mathematical persuasion whose points are difficult to counter with. Good case studies and assignments that really helps. Highly recommended.
Good course so far. The concepts are useful in life and in Business. I like the animation, which really makes the course easy to understand.Recommend to everyone.
Just did a f2f negotiation training with professionnel negotiators in parallel. Their experience matched 1:1 the academic perspepective given by this great course
This course is phenomenal.I've picked up some practical skills and a principled, logical mindset to deal with negotiations in a more productive and impartial way.
Amazing content Amazing lecturers and consider that whoever prepared the course is important about all the little details. Thank you so much for the life course.
Great course, you can test your knowledge through the learning journey to become a better negotiator. It provides an opportunity to test your skills. I like it!!
Fantastic content and high engagement for learning.  Really fun way to learn.  Some of the math is a challenge but the course is designed to help you through it.
I really liked the course due to practical info, exercises, relevant topics and recommendations on reading. The manner of the lecturer was engaging. Thank a lot!
Many "good to know" things both for professionals but even for simple things in life like buying an new apartment or go out and buy anything. Highly recommended.
Awesome course. Seriously awesome. Something where you truly can take these skills and apply it to anywhere in life no matter what business or field you are in.
Amazing professor, learned so many new things that will prove very useful not only during professional negotiations but also in daily interactions with people!!
This course was eye opening for me, and I learned quit a bit.  Barry Nalebuff is an entertaining professor, and I would love to take a class with him in person.
Excellent course! great material and exercises. I recommend this course not only for people in the business area but also to project managers and team leaders.
This course, instructor and content helped to change my approach towards looking the things in day to day life..Damn Good.....Thanks to Professor and Yale..
The quality of resources and curriculum completely blew my mind, and far exceeded my expectations. I learned so much and it became the highlight of my week.
Excellent Barry !  The way you have engaged learner with brilliant examples like Beet VS Broccoli negotiations is mind blowing. Now I know what"s my pie :)
The professor is very engaging and doesn't let you get bored. I love the animated videos, they are way easier to follow and more fun than regular lectures.
Great course and brilliantly delivered. I enjoyed the graphics and the humor.Herb Cohen is a legend and we were extremely lucky to have heard his thoughts.
Very interesting course and lots of interesting points of view to expand your existing knowledge. Very interesting for people without any negotiation back
Strongly recommend this course. Prof Nalebuff does a fantastic job, you get a full immersion alongside the weekly requirements. Well done and thank you !
A fun way to learn the basis on negotiation. Provides basic tips on the subject as well as it enables you to put them in practice. Thanks Prof. Nalebuff!
Lessons are well explained and clear. Good to have practice exercises and cases to be made with other students: this has made the course more practical
Extremely useful and well structured course. It is a great start for those who are looking for careers in Business Strategy, Consulting and Marketing.
I really liked the course, very good techniques for negotiation. The course provides a very useful perspective about how to approach a deal, any deal.
This has been a great learning curve for me .. enjoyed it throughly .. very practical and apt .. as per world business scenario.. thank you very much
Really nice experience of learning with user friendly video-lectures and learning by doing activities.Would like to have more courses like this one!!
The best course I have ever followed. Professor Nalebuff is great: very competent and able to make the lessons in the same way interesting and funny.
So many thanks to Barry Nalebuff for such an interactive and interesting course on negotiation! It was one of my best experiences in online courses!
It is an eye-opening course about the psychology and logic thinking of both sides. It's hard but definitely worth the effort to complete the course.
It is really an incredible class, and I enjoyed so much! After taking the course, I improved a lot in the art of negotiating or language delivering.
Really valuable course. The exercises and case study give you the feeling of an actual classroom. I really liked the approach. Thank you Professor.
Excellent! the 1st course that really made me do it all, including assignments and quizzes.The lecturer is great and the material is well organized
What would be better than spending your free time watching at entertaining animation + gaining knowledge! Highly recommend this course to everyone!
Excellent course, touch some very basic requirements for successful negotiations. Can be useful for both new in career to well experienced like me.
Outstanding teaching style and animations. Loved the content, format and examples. One of the most interesting and fun online classes I have taken.
Fantastic course, with a well balanced mix of the principles behind principled negotiation and the thinking behind the best negotiation practices.
Fantastic course! The decision to enroll into this course was absolutely wise. You learn both the theory and the application and that's important.
I believe that the principles and knowledge learned and gained from this course are among the most valuable life skills I have obtained thus far.
Can strongly recommend this course to everyone who is willing to become better negotiator and understand need and expectation of other side. :-)!
Fun course, detailed and high level at the same time, and although finding people to team up with an be hard, these assignments are a lot of fun.
the first course at Coursera and the best course I've ever taken. Practical, interactive, exciting and very very useful in daily life. Well done
Best course I have ever taken on coursera, by far and large. Animations, great case studies, supplemental material, a great teacher, you name it
Great, challenging, and involving course. Take advantage of every single lecture and try to get the most out of it and you will truly enjoy it.
I'm grateful of the opportunity of learning this principles. I just think that the approch to female and male way to negotiate is a bit sexist
This course taught me a lot of the fundamentals of Negotiation. Barry is an amazing professor and I would recommend this course to my friends.
To the point video lectures, well deliberated assignments. Makes tutee ponder deep. Good mix n match of negotiation principles n mathematics.
THE COURSE WAS REALLY GREAT AND PRACTICAL! THE BEST PART WAS CASES STUDIES AND A LOT OF EXPERTS TEACHING IN THIS COURSE! THANK YOU BARRY SIR!
A really great course with heaps of interesting bits. Very interactive with three actual negotiations to be performed to complete the course.
Very well prepared, an essential course to get the basics of negotiation. I can say that it is the best online course I have attended so far!
Thank you so much for the course. It was pleasant to watch the videos, a very good teacher and very good examples to illustrate each content.
Great class, something really new. Very different from the Harvard approach, If you learning how to negotiate I'd definitely take this class.
It is a very nice course with a very engaging approach.  All the material is very constructive with easy to follow and interesting examples.
This is an outstanding chance to learn principles of negotiation that can be translated to every part of your private and professional life.
Very happy with this course, interactive and informative. Would recommend for those who deal with negotiations in their life (=for everyone)
Exceptionally good and very very relevant to the world of negotiation. I can see myself using some of the techniques outlined in the course.
Great course. Helped me to gain insight in dealing with tension in negotiation and also how critical planning is in negotiation. Thank you!
It was difficult but when try again, you can made it ! I recommend this course if you want to learn more how to negotiate. Thank you Yale !
Such a fun course and extremely informative. I learned a lot and will definitely be able to apply it to my industry in film and television.
Excellent insight provided for involving in a principled and persuasive negotiation with proficiency in Game theory and strategic approach.
One of the best courses I have ever taken either online or in classrooms. Thank you Professor for putting together such a wonderful course!
Insightful content, great animated lectures, very valuable group work and very interesting guest lecturers. I enjoyed the course very much.
The most interesting course I have ever taken on Coursera. All credits to the tutor Barry Nalebuff. I highly recommend this course to all !
highly recommended...! Feels like being there and actually requires a lot of participation and attentiveness. I feel proud to have done it.
A very complete course, definitely recommended for beginners in negotiation and people wanting to start doing so in their every day lives.
Even if I don't remember every little thing about this course, the exercises and knowledge in this course is great and applicable as well.
I really liked the course. However, I wished I had taken it together with someone. That would have made the assignments more developmental
This class is a blessing that has caused me to re-think my approach to negotiations and recognize when I'm getting a fair or unfair deal.
Fantastic Principles underlying the the practical aspects of Negotiation.  Cross Border assignments and Peer review was a real value add.
Brilliant insights and practical tips for practicing leaders who encounter negotiation situations on a regulr basis. Strongly recommend.
Simply exceptional. Prof Barry is truly the best! Kudos to the entire team for putting together such an impactful and impressive course.
Amazing course! Well organized, keeps you thoroughly invested each week and extremely applicable concepts to everyday life! Thanks Barry
A great course! This course taught me to always look at a negotiation from different angles to anticipate the other parties next steps.
I'm not done with this course, and I can already review it as EXCELLENT. The Professor is very entertaining, and the content is superb.
Barry Nalebuff has managed to leave me no reason to give this course less that a perfect 5 stars. It was very detailed, yet on point !
This was such an intriguing & fun course to take. Everything was laid out simply, and set up for you to truly comprehend the material.
Excellent and amazingly enriching course to start negotiations in your professional life. Congratulations to professor Barry Nalebuff.
I think this course is the best course other than all the courses. It helps us know about the skills of game theory, negotiation etc.
Super and amazing, the teaching style is easy to understand and animation video is great way to enhance the overall course structure.
This is a wonderful course with an amazing professor. The content is easy to follow even for people without a background in Business.
An interesting course with lot of practical tips and an effective peek into the art of Negotiating. Enjoyed the Negotiation exercises
Very good content. Well produced lectures and animations to help aid understanding. Thoughtful use of collaboration with class mates
Outstanding course, very usefull and interactive. I was able to implement almost inmediately. Very grateful! The best purchase ever.
Barry is a great teacher. I have read many of his papers and books, but I never imagine how good and insightful he was as a teacher.
To be able to talk your way through something with a principled argument has to be one of the most amazing things I've ever learnt.
I loved it!! Excellent teacher,  very good material, interesting guests. I would like to take a more profound course in that topic.
It was a great opportunity to study this course, hope it will help me to negotiate my salary :D. Many thanks to Mr. Barry Nalebuff.
A very deep thinking course and I am really enjoying it.  It has really defeated the thought about negotiation being argumentative.
It provides useful tools for negotiation, while providing at the same time some ethical advice (if not based on common good sense)
Is excellent - rigorous and fun with practical applications, animations and lots of resource materials. Better than my MBA course.
It was de best course I took. Barry is a great teacher and very didáctica. I rally enjoy this course and I lear a lot. Thank you.
This is a really great course that will help you understand the theory and practical methods used to become a better negotiator.
Exceptional class in learning the number of techniques available to understand perspective and ways toward a successful outcome
Excellent course and amazing material, highly recommended to everyone who wants to be more effective in the negotiation's world
Practical, fresh , informative , educational and ethical - These are  the 5 stars in this course . Hence the deserving rating .
It is a great course full of useful content. The assignments are also very well made and targeted to the content of the course.
It's been a wonderful journey. I have learnt to be a critical thinker and this course has really given me a lot of confidence.
An amazing course and instructor. Wonderful different ways of doing activities and very creative course design and interaction
A very important course to sustain and do good in personal and work life. Really worth a ton to spend these weeks of learning.
Excellent course to start your journey on becoming a good negotiator. Applicable in professional situations and everyday life!
Fantastic course, very interesting perspectives and approach to negotiation mathematics and games. It really worth's the time!
The course was very interactive and Barry shared some great ideas how to apply these skills to real life apart from business.
Very good, I've really learned a lot from the course and from the peers as well. Fantastic, very engaging and I enjoyed a lot
This is definitely a different exposure to negotiation fundamentals, and Dr. Barry's approach is very distinctive. Thank you!
One of the best courses I've ever had!! Professor Barry Nalebuff it's amazing!! I recommend the course!!! You will enjoyed!!
Thank You, BarryI'm a Realtor from California.Amazing thru & thru.I can't wait to use what I learned in my next negotiation.
This course can help you to improve your skills and i think is a very important tool for everyone who wants to be successful
This was a very informative class and I have already applied what I've learned and succeeded in my negotiation in real life!
The course enabled me to learn various aspects of negotiation, especially the pie, how to expand the pie and get your share.
Barry has been amazing! He makes the content so interesting and enjoyable. I am looking forward to more courses from Barry!
One of the best courses so far! And definitely the best in terms of engagement! I would ask for more negotiation exercises!
Excellent course. Throughout it, I could learn several negotiation principles and strategies in a very dynamic and fun way.
Prof. NaleBuff is awesome, funny and thorough with his explanation in the course. Challeging so far, but I really enjoy it.
I've been taken eight courses in Coursera, definitely, it's the best, I enjoyed it a lot, the professor is so clearly.  :)
Loved the content and the animation made it interactive. That the lecturer had street credentials was the highlight for me
Awesome course! The knowledge gained during the course is completely applicable to business life and every day situations.
Great course! The explanations were very easy to understand and the cases and examples were interesting and fun to watch.
Very effective to imrpove negotiations skills, being convincing and persuasive in arguments zhen negotiating with people.
Great class and teaches us a lot of new ways to think and strategize when negotiating. Great course & highly recommended!
It is a very interesting and enjoyful course. You can learn a lot from the teacher and he explains everything very well.
A really different approach to negotiation, very practical, and they even make you practice!! Great material and videos.
I am a PhD student from Spain, I loved your course. I expect it will be really useful in my future. Thank you very much!
This is a fantastic course. Barry Nalebuff teaches with a tremendous flair and keeps this course interesting throughout.
This was a very well presented course. Questions and assignments were great and tested your knowledge and understanding
Very insightful. Negotiation is so necessary for every aspect of life. It keeps all the parties happy if not  too happy
I loved the assignments, which connects you with students all over the world and makes you apply what you have learned.
Fantastic course with lot of interactive negotiation case studies. Almost like being in the class and negotiating live.
I really like this course and animations!! It isreally easy to understand with it and the examples are very usefulll :)
I think this is the best course to learn all the key strategies and tools to be on track to become a master negotiator.
Very interesting course. It covers not only the basics but offers knowledge about most of the issues in a negotiation.
Super fun course, great teacher, the approach to the subject is excellent for an introduction. Aboslutely recommended.
A fantastic course especially in business administration. Highly recommended for aspiring entrepreneurs and start ups
Only one word: excellent. I've learned quite a good amount of tools in order to help me in any kind of negotiations.
The course introduces innovative concepts and best practices which are not evident even for experienced negotiators
Excellent! The teacher and colaborators knowledge and way to explain it  are worth of every minute of it.Thanks !!!
The course is not as easy as one could expect. I learned a lot and feel that I will be better negotiator in future!
This course is really great. It helps you to think in the logical and mathematical way about negotiations and deals
Excellent course. It is very usefull and fun to learn. I thought it was easy to find partners for the negotiations.
Great, very usefull, so many examples, very interactive, easy to work with, great content, excelent!! get into it!!
Negotiation is a very important life skill, and this course teaches the basics so you can become  a very good one.
Very didactic course, well expleined, gives you tons of motivation and practice to go out there and eat the world.
This is one of the best course I have ever done from coursera and to be honest this is one of the must do course .
I learnt a lot on negotiationAnd I hope I use my learned skills to impact people positively and improve my career.
Excellent course, I loved that it was interactive with group activities, reading, videos, and practical exercises.
Great course.  Even though I completed 2 yrs back,  the lessons I learned are still relevant and being applied.Mat
Great Course. It is perfect for someone who wants to learn more about negotiation techniques and legal procedures.
Highly useful course. Each week, I learned something new and was implementing course ideas into my everyday life.
Very great course! Gives a fantastic overview of different negotiations types and how to prepare and handle them!
I loved the course, it was a big challenge at first but once you start getting a hang of it it's almost addicting
A course I looked forward to taking, which met my expectations, and also happened to be my first Coursera course.
It was a little hard to handle at the beginning, but once you get the hang of things, it starts being enjoyable.
Absolutely stunning! I learned so much in terms of both knowledge and non-verbal behavioural aspects. Fantastic!
Really good and interesting course! Fantastic professor and really nice with real negotiations with classmates!
very useful, it provides the basic concepts to have in mind during a negotiation!I would suggest it to anybody.
I loved this course!!! I'm a buyer there are 13 years and this course for sure changed my mode of negotiation.
i loved how the teacher lead the curse and all the games, the insights and the practice it enhanced.I loved it
Apparently, the professor and the whole group treat this course very seriously. Very interesting and engaging.
Wonderful course for those looking for serious negotiation skill online. This is very quality designed program
Amazing course, it provides with many interesting and creative tools to improve your negotiation capabilities.
Awesome course in order to get insights about how to be a better negotiator in several aspects for your life.
Amazing course! I love the smart and elegant way it includes theoretical and practical lessons! Outstanding!
This class is super interesting and interactive. As the course progresses, it becomes even more interesting!
My best online course experience ever. Thanks to all team, it gave me great value both for my work and life.
One of the best classes I had. Thankyou somuch for your such innovative approach in MOOCS!!!You rock guys!!!
Great course, that is informative, challenging and entertaining. The knowledge is gained is very applicable.
Definitely exceeded my expectations ! I belive I gained a solid perspective for all potential negotiations.
Have a lot to learn and the classes are really dynamic and really interesting, also the homeworks are great
This course definitely changed the way I approached negotiations. It has brought Amazing
value to my life.
Very concrete content with good up-to-date information, interactive lecture, and peer practice. Recommend!
Very well thought out course, great presentation, intellectually interesting, and very clear instructions.
Fantastic course! Barry is a creative and fun teacher who truly keeps one engrossed in the topics covered.
Love this course for being as fun and interesting as it is educational! Helps a lot with my scope of work!
The lecturer uses good examples and the animations helped visualize what he was talking about in lectures.
Great Course with simple but efficient instruction videos and cool cases to practise with other students.
Awesome course ! This course teaches about creating principle negotiations and through critical thinking.
It is a very inspiring experience. I learned how to evaluate position of each party in an analytical way.
Such an engaging and fun course! Easily one of the best courses I have taken and would highly recommend!
A very useful course and an interesting point of view on modern negotiation. Thank you for this content!
it was a great course, it was full of information and knowledge. it helped me to be a better negotiator.
This course helped me not only with my career goals and chalanges, but also in a personal everyday life
This is no ordinary course, Buckle up! You are about to be blown away! Enjoy the learning experience :)
This was an excellent course. I am genuinely grateful that I had the opportunity to learn from you Sir.
very good course - covers all the basics and provides exercises to test your newly acquired knowledge.
It's a great course with an excellent teacher. The studies cases facilitate learning , I recommend it.
The best course I have come across the internet. Thank you Barry! You've changed my thinking pattern!
The chance to negotiate with others in the course was superb...Delivery was great and easy to follow.
The instructor is very clear and the classes were tough but funvtional. I loved the negotiation cases
The pie concept is genius. Especially applied to more complicated scenarios with more than 2 parties.
Amazing course. Amazing professor, well structured, practical, impressive insights about negotiation.
I thoroughly enjoyed this class, it was very informative and the interactive. I highly recommend it.
Thank you, this course really helped me to think out of the box and look for creative alternatives.
It really pays to find a partner to practice! It's easily the best part of the learning experience.
It's one of the most important and helpful courses I've ever taken, I feel bad I can't purchase it.
Better than Netflix and HBO combined. Everybody should take this course, because it is so much fun.
This was an excellent study, And the lecturer use many good way to keep concentrate in the course.
Extremely interesting and useful course! I would do it again and totally recommend it to everyone.
Fun course to take. You'll definitely learn something no matter how long you have been negotiating
Fantastic Course, definitely worth taking for any context in life as EVERTHING IS AN NEGOTIATION!
Incredible job professor Nalebuff. This course added new, fresh, and very useful tools to my kit.
Awesome course for learning the mathematical foundation for negotiation. Engaging and insightful.
one of the best course so far!! its worth your time and energry, I learnt a lot from this course.
Probably the best course to start with. Every single video is worth-while and really interesting.
Great course! vivid with real examples and powerful insights. Thanks professor! It was inspiring.
Great course , brilliantly delivered. Learn through relevant case studies and practical exercises
Very interesting topics of high practical importance presented very intuitively and attractively
A very well thought out, well researched course. I'll give this course a 5 out of 10 definitely.
So far, it is very interesting. It has definitely enhanced my knowledge in negotiation concepts.
Very good course. I have learned a lot from the examples and assignments. Thank you Prof Barry!
Excellent course that is well organized and to the point.  The best online course I have taken.
An amazingly well constructed course, with some great negotiation led case studies. Loved it !
Great app and way to learn the course. Lecturer was great and very experienced in negotiations
the course is very interesting. Interactive, engaging, with a simple but never banal language.
Throughly enjoyed this course. It was very unique and engaging. Would definitely recommend it.
The best course I ever had on Coursera. Useful and unobvious tricks highlighted and explained.
An excellent course with great insight, that is well put together by a world leading lecturer.
Really good course with a really interactive professor.Very interesting and practical course.
Love the wide range of this course, assists in negotiating in a board room and on the street.
Very engaging presentations. The concepts reinforce one another, allowing for easy retention.
its a open-minding course, everyone should have a experience like this one, totally worth it
Very interesting and helpful course. Barry is very attentive to make each material and case.
Thoroughly enjoyed the experience and interaction with other learners from around the world.
A completely entertaining course which changed my perspective on the subject of negotiation.
wonderful lecturer, great course design, very interactive and intresting. Thank you so much!
It is a great course for beginners. Everything was explained in ways anyone can understand.
Excellent course,  simple and engaging teaching style, great content and practice sessions!
Great course.  Videos were engaging, entertaining, educational and professionally-produced.
An outstanding experience. I've recommended this course to more people than I can remember.
Really , rigorous and demanding. New perspective for me. I thorough;y enjoying this course.
Amazing content and very easy to understand the concepts. Incredible job by the professor!
An awesome class that provides a wealth of tools and techniques for improved negotiations.
I was able to learn some very simple and effective tools to improve my negotiation skills.
Very informational and easy to under stand for people grade 7 and up (basically everyone).
Phenomenally gifted instructor!  Exceptionally well designed and implemented presentation.
Excellent, very interesting approach, a shame there is no pdf documents about the courses.
I enjoyed the course thoroughly! Absolutely loved it! Thank you Coursera and Prof. Barry!
I've learned a lot from this course and I feel very confident in starting to negotiate :)
Brilliant! Very exiting experience. Many thanks to Professor Barry Nalebuff and his team.
Very interesting and engaging course. Loved that he offered live sessions during COVID19!
An immersive course, packed with digestible content. I couldn't recommend it more highly!
though has been taught under the same topic, this professor is rather fun and inspiring !
Mr. Nalebuff is a very good lecturer. The graphics used are understandable and enjoyable.
Absolutely top notch instruction! Challenging technical component and great case studies!
Great class, incredible value and a pleasure to go through the course materials. Thanks!
practical exercises, good video's and lots of fun doing the negotiation with class mates
The best course I have ever taken on Coursera.  Interesting, illustrative, and relevant.
Great course! I thnk the animations made it a lot more enjoyable and easy to understand.
Really great course in terms of crisp, lot of practical stuff and brilliantly presented.
It has been the best learning experience I have had in the past decade or so! Excellent!
I REALLY ENJOYED IT, DIFFERENT WAY OF PRESENTING THINGS AND VERY CATCHY IN THE SAME TIME
Excellent course - puts things in a different perspective that can be used in real life.
Great introduction. Barry is a fantastic professor, and the guests helped me even more.
Excellent!!! Very informative even for more experienced people! Definitely recommended!
An energetic course with important lessons on strategic negotiations. 100% recommended!
Good for a chill session of learning how to talk things out to achieve better outcomes
Fluent and entertaing course fully useful for both business and daily life situations.
The most amazing course about negotiation I have ever enrolled. So inspiring approach.
The best course so far. Would like to learn more from this very intelligent professor
It's very helpful in practical life and making easier for Best decisions and choices.
They really tried to make a good course. The course helped me in real life situations
Very didactical and valuable information. The asesor and guests are excelent teachers
Very informative, challenging and interactive course. Highly recommended to everyone.
very good training and pratical , it provides a completely new vision on negotiation.
Barry Nalebuff is a master negotiator. This is the best online course i've ever did!
Great cource ! I am so excited because i did it in a few days and .... i passed it !
Excellent course, but the certificate should include an approximate
amount of hours.
Amazing instructor, with passion to transmit the knowledge. Really worth following.
Helped me understand how to breakdown negotiations and come out with the best deal.
Plenty of clear and good quality content for an introductory class on negotiation.
Great, smooth, challenging and adding a lot of new information. Highly recommended
Great,complete course. Excellent teacher which has opened my eyes on negotiation.
Great professor, very well explained step-by-step content and practical exercises
An excellent course. It was fund and enlightening. I enjoyed every minute of it.
Best class on coursera that I've ever taken. Extremely useful for everyday life!
quite amazing!very well stractured! looking already forward for the next course!
That was on of the most amazing courses I have ever taken in my life! Thank you!
Gives a very useful and practical frame for the main principles of negotiation.
Extremely fun and engaging! Loved all the content. The instructor was great too
One of the finest courses available. Practical content & amazing course design!
High quality visuals, very interesting topic, and well delivered :-) thank you!
So great course!!! I took it 3 years ago, and I think it has helped me a lot!!!
Course was perfectly structured for newbies. Had all the topics covered easily.
Very good course with challenging and effective assignments. Definitely a must!
Good course about negotiation and linked elements to make a better negotiation.
Very interesting and very informative, fun and exciting, well designed course.
It was a great learning experience.  The faculty was so engaging and creative.
Instructor was very good. Course was very informative and very much practical.
I have learned a lot.  Thanks for a well designed and very informative course.
Wonderful way of explaining things. One of the best courses I have ever done.
A real great course!! Lot's of very relevant lessons and great practice units
Really well present course; with lots of engaging case-studies nad examples.
An excellent course with some helpful tips for many real-life applications.
What a great professor. I'm looking forward to taking more classes with him
Interesting, full of examples and cases for practice. I strongly recommend.
Very practical course, and very dedicated professor! Strongly recommended!!
Great course, really well done, interesting, fun and complete. Thanks Prof!
Really well though class. Great practical exercises. Enjoyed it very much.
Fantastic course with very practical examples and tests. Well recommended!
I like the animation which really helps me to understand the ideas better.
Nice views on negotiations, and well explained. Gives a good introduction.
Excellent course, very informative and helpful. Barry is a great teacher.
This Course can only be recommended to everyone. They all did a great job
Highly needed knowledge not only in the professional but day to day life.
Great teacher!  Very witty and funny.  Great storytelling teaching style.
Please make an advanced version of this course, it would be very helpful!
The course is fun, educational, there is theory and practice. I recommend
A great way to learn a life skill with simple math equation !! Thank you
It's fantastic.The way it has been thought and the content is brilliant.
Amazing course. Personally I learned a lot. Highly recommend this course
best doctor, he tried to make us understand at any way, you are the best
Extremely-useful course! It has tremendously changed my way of thinking.
Loved it! Great principles to apply in daily life as in work situation.
very interesting course, especially for sales, commercials and buyers!
Really had fun and a gala time while going through with the tutorials.
An excellent course with clear instruction and purposeful assessments.
Great course! Very interesting take on negotiation using game theory.
Very good example to understand how we can do the better negotiation.
The best MOOC I have taken so far. I highly recommend it to everyone!
in only the first week of the course i learned several new concepts .
Great course! I learned a lot and I absolutely recommend this class.
Amazing professor. A truly useful course! Thanks a lot Mr. Nelebuff!
Outstanding Course material ,very lively videos... Feeling real good
One of the most useful, engaging, well-done courses I've ever taken.
Immediately hooked - provides a fresh perspective to look at things.
Fantastic Course. Highly interacitve and very well crafted material!
This course is both a very practical and intellectual enlightening.
AN INCREDIBLE COURSE WILL DEFINITELY HELP YOU OUT IN THE REAL WORLD
Great class, learned a lot, understandable format, great professor.
This is a great introduction to negotiation but also to game theory
Quite practical knowledge that can be used everyday and everywhere.
The negotiator interviews were particularly helpful and insightful.
One of the most engaging and insightful courses I have ever taken!
Absolutely one of the best courses I ever had, online or otherwise
super engaging course I must say and also learned a lot of things.
Great Course, Hard but I learned a lot from him! one of the bests!
Very clear, interactive and well explained. I would recommend it.
Great course! Beautiful way to explain and understand each week.
It was by far the best course that I have taken on this subject.
Fun and very interesting, all lessons are clear and well thought
Excellent course, full of practical work and very good examples.
All basic negotiation techniques and great tests and interviews
A really helpful and didatic course. It takes 2-4 hours weekly.
Great insights and tips! Very easy to learn and very applicable
Great course. Negotiation in a unique and very clever approach.
Definitely a course worth taking if you are into negotiations.
One of the best programs. The assignments are really engaging.
One of the best courses I have ever seen. Well done professor!
Good course to get you hooked on to the basics of negotiation!
A great course and let me understand the basics of negotiation
Great course!!!!  Barry does a great job!  Highly recommended
It was challenging and very complete, best course I've taken.
Interactive, Practical and Applicable in the work environment
Very useful course with applicability in day to day happening
Exceptional format and delivery. Keeps us engaged throughout.
Great content! The dynamics of the course is really awesome!
Great course! I learned a lot and the professor was awesome!
The best course taught by best professor and best university
The videos were short and easy to understand. Great course.
This course is very interesting and helpful for my career !
Top-notched course with rather practical cases and examples
A very helpful, well-designed course. Learned and Enjoyed !
It was an amazing experience. I learn a lot. Great course!!
Beste Coursera Course followed so far! Thank you Professor!
Amazing content. Great inside into the art of negotiation.
Useful, dynamic and easy to understand. Super interesting.
I love the animations, and the professor is very engaging.
A must course for all the MBA grads or aspiring managers.
That was a wonderful experience, Thanks Barry & the team!
Excellent content, assignments and lecturer. Eye-opening!
very nice focused practical negotiation coursethanks alot
Love this course.Enhanced my MBA materials and knowledge.
Highly Recommend. Very interesting and extremely useful.
Excellent course- Thank you Barry Nalebuff and Coursera.
Brilliant course! Best one among all I took on coursera.
This course is the best on line course I have ever done.
very good course. changed the perspective of negotiation
It’s a great course to open my mind in the negotiation!
This is a great course to sharp your negotiation skills
It was an excellent experience to complete this course!
I'm enjoying with this Course, is dynamic and exciting.
Amazing course! I will look for more course from Yale.
This is a fantastic course and everyone should take it
Great class if you want to understand the fundamentals
Excellent course, entertaining, engaging and very rich
EXCEPTIONAL! I wish there was a part 2 to this course.
Negoatiation will never be the same after this course!
Fantastic course. Very informative and easy to follow.
Great material and cases. Using many of the learnings.
Great course! The professor makes the class enjoyable.
I learned a lot! Thank you guys for putting this here!
This is best course I've taken on Coursera, bar none.
Amazing content! Wonderful Professor and so engaging!
Excellent course. Very enjoyable. Highly interactive.
Great course with plenty of opportunities to practice
I think this is a very interesting and useful course
Excellent, and a great learning experience plus Fun!
Loved this course, very interactive and informative.
Great course, I learned a lot about how to negotiate
Extremely Useful in every day discussions. Loved it!
Great course, and very practical! Absolutely needed.
Well structured course with an amazing facilitator.
Brilliantly designed course. Outstanding professor.
Barry was excellent . I learnt alot on this course.
Excelente teacher, very dinamic and great materials
Best Course, very very good teacher and methodology
Exceptional delivery and very systematic approach !
A high valuated training, extremely recommended !!!
Great Course... Great Instructor... Great skill set
A completely new way to think about a negotiation.
Excellent course, take you mind to another level.
I have become a fan of Professor Barry Nalebuff!!
One of the best courses on Coursera and not only!
The course is excellent and Barry is very clear.
The best course I have taken on coursera so far!
I believe my business is better because of this.
Excelente Course, The professor is exceptional!
I would recommend to anyone to take part in it.
Absolutely fantastic! Thank you Prof. Nalebuff!
A very good course that I will surely recommend
Very practical course, really good strategies.
Excellent tutor, and a very interactive course
My favorite course that I had taken till now.
it  was a really good course i liked it a lot
Definitely a must for every ambitious person.
nice very insighful and comprehensive course
Excellent!  I did really enjoyed and learned
It was a great course with full of insights.
Excellent content with a brilliant professor
Very useful and clear to know how negotiati
Practical, Easy to understand, Interactive.
Exceptional, well structured and effective.
Excellent !!!Dynamic lessons, never boring.
I truly recommend this course to anyone...
Very nice and well done course. Enjoyable!
great tool. I am really happy of doing it.
Great Course, very interesting and useful!
great from the startdefinitely recommended
Got to know negotiation concept in depth.
Excellent course to provide more thoughts
Brilliant course! Loved the case studies!
WOW! funny to do and great stuff to know!
best class I have ever taken on Coursera
Excellent course!!! Thank you so much!!!
very broad understanding of negotiation.
I loved the way Barry explained it all.
One of the best courses and professor.
Fantastic Course! Highly recommend it.
Excellent course! Highly recommended!!
Very interesting and thoughtful course
Awesome lectures , TRULY MIND BOGGLING
I really like the animation approach!
One of the best , which I have taken.
Very interessting and a gread Lecture
The best I've done in Coursera so far
excellent course, loved the classAbhi
Excellent course and a great teacher!
Thank you Dr. Barry :) Amazing course
Great teacher that ingages students.
One of the best MOOC's I have taken.
Thank you for the wonderful insights
Incredible course, I learned a lot!
Excellent Tutor! Insightful course.
fantastic, loved every minute of it
Very good course and I recommend it
Really good, I highly recommend it.
The best negotiation course ever!!!
enjoyed and found the course useful
very good strategys of negotiation!
Really interesting and informative
Had fun and learned a lot. Thanks!
Interactive, efficient, and worthy
It was great, it really changed me
Extremely helpful and interesting.
Great course - I enjoyed it a lot!
This is a great and useful course!
It's a great and practical course.
the professor nalebuff is a LEGEND
Great course! Really really good!
Excellent course, really loved it
Great course. Got to learn a lot.
I liked it a lot it's very useful
Excellent. Definitely Recommend.
Great Course, Amazing Instructor
I gained life changing knowledge
Great!It is future of learining!
Enjoyable and easy to understand
Brilliant course on negotiation.
Great course. I highly recommed
A must for novice graduates....
Very good and very interesting.
Thank you for the opportunity.
Awesome Course on Negotiation.
Extremely,  helpfull, Thankyou
Very rewarding and insightful
The best course I've ever had
One of the best courses ever!
I learned a lot. Thank you!!!
This taught me a lot. thanks.
the pie concept is fantastic.
Really Practical and Helpful.
Great course! Very engaging.
Great Course! Learned a lot!
Rigorous but amazing course!
Excellent content and easy t
totally worth money and time
Its Yale nothing more to say
Great stuff, well explained
really a very useful course
Best MOOC I've experienced!
Super cool and interesting!
Maybe the best in Coursera!
Amazing and interesting!!!
Really nice, and complete
Great class and worth it!
Very interesting approach
Fascinating and useful!!
one of the best courses!
Very useful ! Thank you
Very insightful course.
The best Cousera course
I love Prof. Nalebuff!
really good and useful
Fun and helpful course
Jedi Mind Tricks 101
Simply awesome !!!!
Great lecturer !!!
Utterly brilliant.
Simply The Best!
Just brilliant.
amazing course!
Great course, !
Very helpfull
Great !!!!!
very well!
