I am so sorry to say that the "animation" makes this course impossible to get through. Imagine your lecturer but without eye contact, without body language or the slow pacing across the front of the room, without the subtle human connection we take for granted. Instead he is replaced by the same 5 drawings repeated ad nauseum against the same stagnant background. Add some literal nausea by slowly zooming in and out for no reason and some obnoxious sound effects to drown out the speaker which in no way improves the his otherwise calm and deliberate lecture style.I've taken a couple classes with Coursera, including a Paul Bloom Course I enjoyed immensely. This the first course I've spent money on. I deeply regret not watching a couple videos before purchasing the course.
If i wanted to watch cartoons, then i would pick Disney!
Didn't get what i was looking for. Course is boring at many places with unusual content
I was excited about having the course with an animation but animation is very distractive and not related what he is explainig most of the time. Also animation have  unnecessary movings on the sceen which doesn't need listeners attention to any point.. I was/am very interested learning psycology but this course with that animation is not helping at all.  I can not follow what he is saying. It would have been better if the animation was effective and connected with the saying. Watching him and having some slights when necassary would work better than getting distracted by the teachers unnatural hand, head movements and zooming in/out the screen on the animation. I couldn't get into the subject yet...
It is impossible to take seriously a course in psychology where Freud is discredited in this radical way...Although very understandable in the case of catholic university.
More like intro to psychologists. Teach me about the brain, not about theories that don't even hold true in reality.
Irrelevant stuff mixed. I am looking for something which has less stories, is to the point with quality stuff.
Nice but i haven’t found my certificate yet...
poor animation and presentation
GOOD COURSE BUT TOO COSTLY
want to unenroll
Please tell me that how can I get free certificate?
Thanks my letting me partake in this.
Very hard
Although I found the content to be very good and somewhat interesting, it was not presented well.  I found the videos very boring and the readings to be not very engaging.  I feel like if the videos and readings were better, I would have had a better takeaway from the course.
I have completed the course yet I didn't receive my certificate for the same. I had applied for the financial aid which was approved still the link for the sharable certificate is not displayed.  Please help.
visual are cool, but very superficial
Content was interesting and course offers a good overall introduction into psychology. Course was well structured. Some concepts seemed out dated and presentation of materials also seemed bias. Presentation and video animation were absolutely horrible and hard to get through. Speaker's voice was very monotonous, coupled with video styling, was extremely boring.  It's a shame because the content is very good and you can see the speaker is very passionate but it just doesn't come through in how it's presented.
It is a good course for someone who has no clue about psychology but for someone who is already familiar with some concepts its a bit vague and not that informative.
This intro made no mention of Freud or Jung, both of whom I'd like to study more about. They were pioneers. How could you forget this pertinent info?
Animated video made this course boring.Still informative
Interesting course
While you do learn the basics of psychology, I felt it was far too rushed to be able to truly learn and memorize anything. Since each section is so short, it is more of a tasting rather than an in-depth introduction to common psychological beliefs, theories, etc. However it was still enjoyable, mostly due to the animations!
A very engaging course and I would recommend it to someone who wants a very basic understanding of the various sub disciplines of psychology.  I felt it was just a bit too easy.
The content was interesting but the teaching process was quite boring. nevertheless loved the course.
an brief overview on basics of course
The course is very basic.
I appreciated the animation and breadth of materials, and everything was organized well enough to be easily remembered. I did have a number of issues with a few areas, like another commentator mentioned there’s a strangely aggressive attack on all forms of spiritualism due to the fact that we think with our brains (?) that’s never really justified in my opinion (declaring atheism true over agnosticism, which seems more scientific to me).And there is a point later on where a large segment of a lecture is dedicated to Judith Rich Harris’s extreme take on parenting methods, which is that they have 0 psychological impact on adults later in life (even if abusive) and that the only real factors in upbringing are genes and outer social environments. This has been highly contested since it was published in 1998, but we aren’t provided any in-depth legitimate alternate perspectives. It was confusing to see it’s inclusion as it seems to stick out as contradicting large portions of other lectures and raises a number of serious ethical questions that are glossed over.
Overall I found the course a well-structured and fascinating introduction that has me ready to pursue further study of the subject. I really wanted to give it five stars, but I couldn't do so considering the points where the course moved from psychology to indoctrination against faith perspectives. Different views should be presented, and the professor is certainly entitled to his, but his approach to the philosophical "discussions" and deliberate use of sacred text to negatively influence seemed designed to disparage and offend. The reference to the Book of Matthew, which I understand has been used for some time, is an egregious misuse (not even just a misinterpretation) of scripture. The use of Ecclesiastes was better, admittedly, but still degrades its sacred meaning to those who choose that faith. There are places for meaningful discussions of this kind, here it came off as opportunistic influence of eager, younger learners.
In order to get the most out of the class, you will likely want to take notes and do the reading. Otherwise, the quizzes are pretty easy to pass with just watching the video lectures, but you won't leave the class with much value. I wish the lectures had been longer and more substantive. And what other way of interactivity can you get, besides the discussions. I didn't even go back into the lecture after the first time I poked around. It's nothing like in-person discussion groups so it's a little hard to invest.
i took this course as i have an interest in Psychology and never had the chance to take it up, I found it interesting  and would definitely do a follow up course if there was an option available. However being the type of person that i am, i feel i would have benefited more from learning in an actual class environment rather than attempting to read and listen online. With that said, it was a different way to learn and i will be reading the recommended books.
The course covers most of the topics I expected but the video was very bad. The sound recording is also of very poor quality. The course material is quite extensive. The reading time of 10 minutes allotted is a joke. Some topics take hours to finish. Because of these negatives, I had to drag myself to finish the course, which otherwise is very interesting and informative.
The course is quite informative and well structured. The additional material provided is also interesting to read. The reason for 3 star is that it's just an overview of all the core stuff, you'll have to dig deeper by yourself to even get a basic understanding.
A quick and easy introduction to the most relevant aspects of psychology. The strongest point is that the videos are short and very entertaining. The weak point is that the course is an overview of psychology and may you leave wanting more.
Reading materials are of quality and awesome! However, the course videos can be quite boring as it was delivered monotonously and for a Psychology beginner, there're plenty of terms to remember which makes the content very dry!
The animations, cartoons, and sound effects are extremely unnecessary and annoying. The speaker should have talked in a louder tone.
great content and introduction to psychology.takes much more time than expexted and a lot more discipline (somewhat monotone)
it's well explained.. thanks to prof Bloom i say that i pretty much relate and understand the psychology of the human bieng
Got to know a lot more things in psychology..
The course is interesting and very basic.
lot of things learned, its use
Yale is nice
Thanks
Pretty comprehensive course and very well taught. Thanks so much, Paul!Just a few negatives: 1. The time required for readings is not accurate and takes much more than the mere 10 minutes indicated each week. 2.The subtitles contain quite a few typo. 3. Too much focus is put (wrongly and inaccurately in my view) on opposing Psychology and Religion.
The course content was great, but I have an issue with the videos. I don't learn well that way to begin with, and the sound effects make it harder. Granted, I have sensory issues from my autism, but I think a lot of other people are easily startled who aren't autistic.
Taking this course during the Covid19 outbreak in the UK, has been a wonderful experience during a difficult period. I have always been passionate about psychology but have never had the opportunity to study it in depth  - doing this with the support of Ivy League resources has been an incredibly interesting experience. During the pandemic, i have been able to dedicate the majority of my time to these modules,  therefore when the reading has extended past the suggested '10 minutes' this has not been a problem.  i would however recommend reviewing this for participants who will rely on these time frames to be accurate, in order to plan the course into their busy lives. It has be great to get an insight into American learning culture and I thoroughly enjoyed Prof. Paul Bloom's teaching style combined with the fun animations. Thank you Yale and Go Bulldogs!
Intro to Psychology taught by Dr. Bloom of Yale was a very interesting and informative course. I have always been very interested in the field of psychology and was thrilled to have taken such a great class. Rating this course on a scale of 1-5 stars, I would give it a 4 star review. In my opinion, the most important aspects of an online class include exciting visuals, interesting lectures, and use of outside sources. This class exhibited all three!This course had plenty of interesting visuals that floated in and out of the screen that kept me entertained and interested. It also helped me to understand certain things that Dr. Bloom was explaining which is important for visual learners. 	The lectures were interesting and Professor Bloom used many different real life examples to aid in understanding. I really felt as though he was knowledgeable about his field of study as I took the course and I felt as though I was being taught in a way that I could trust.	One of my favorite parts of the class was when outside videos were played about real life experiments in psychology. I found this extremely interesting. Even the TED talk included somewhere in the middle of the course was excellent because it gave us a different person’s perspective. My only negative about the class would be that I wish more outside videos had been displayed because I feel that they showed us as students how the subjects we were studying could be applied to the real world.	In conclusion, I really enjoyed this course! I can honestly say that I was excited to sit down at my computer and watch the videos every day. Dr. Bloom was an excellent teacher and I feel as though I acquired a good understanding of the basics of psychology.
I think the Yale psychology course by Professor Bloom was a good experience. I would give this course a four-star out of five-star rating. The reason I think this, is because it was good for the most part but sometimes it got a little boring and there were topics that I didn’t think would be a part of an introductory course to psychology. However, I do think he did an excellent job explaining everything he taught. I went into psychology not knowing much about the subject, but Professor Bloom made everything clearer and I  gained a better knowledge of psychology.
I would like to start by giving Dr. Bloom's intro to Psychology course a four out-of five star rating.  I am giving it a four out-of five rating, because it was good but it had a few things that I personally would change about it. I liked almost everything about it, but sometimes it got boring for me.  I loved when we talked about all the mental illnesses, but I also got bored in the beginning.  In the beginning it felt like it took forever to get through.  Also when we were learning about Freud I found that very boring.
I enjoyed it thoroughly, it was precise and with animations it helped  me memorized things that were new for me. I enjoyed it and never wanted it to come to and end.
I thoroughly understood the concept of human behaviour especially the mental health its therapy . Thank you for giving me this opportunity thanks alot
Lectures, videos and professor were good. The english transcript though had some mistakes. Video/audio needs to be transcribed more carefully.
This course had great content and was really interesting.
Nice course for beginners!!
Had an encouraging first-time experience of this sort of an online course. Prof Bloom is an engaging teacher. Loved the bite-sized video lecture chunks -- it allows one to learn and absorb well, at one's own pace. Some of the readings were wonderful -- especially those that had interesting video resources appended. It would help to have greater interconnection between lectures and readings although it wasn't bad. Core/compulsory readings could be separated from Optional readings (for those of us interested in exploring a topic/sub-topic more). The availability of textual material in terms of video transcript and readings was very useful. Paid students should get a more fleshed out certificate,  which includes a clear statement on their performance & grades. The graded quiz should not be a charade with multiple chances of retaking it -- it makes a mockery of testing one's knowledge. Non-MCQ assignments could be incorporated for the more diligent learner.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! It had me on the edge of my seat the entire time. The lessons were well organized and provided a variety of ways to absorb the information, (readings, lectures, reference materials etc. I have always been fascinated with Psychology and I am so glad I had the opportunity to experience this online course with Yale. I do wish there were more lessons and exams, as well as the ability to "fill in the blanks", short essays, etc. rather than multiple choice across the board.  I would gladly pay for the additional testing so it would feel more satisfying when I receive my graded exams. Although, the questions were challenging and I did need to retake some of the exams. Thanks for a great experience and I am looking forward to many more.
Dr. Paul Bloom, a psychology professor at Yale University, engaged me throughout this online course. His real-world examples furthered my understanding of the material, and each video felt like a live lecture. In the future, I think Coursera should explore other ways of communicating--such as discussion boards and more interactive activities--but I completely understand that this is hard to accomplish given the thousands of students enrolled in each course. After enrolling in this six-week psychology class, I can confirm that I now have a better idea of the psychological field. I will most likely pursue it in the future!
I really enjoyed this course overall. In fact, the only reason I rated 4 and not 5 was because the animation and unnecessary sound effects at times detracted from the lecture and were a little bit annoying. However, in some instances, the animation was helpful. Most importantly, the content was great. I took this course as a refresher and discovered some areas in psychology that I would like to delve into more deeply. The supplemental videos and articles are perfect for further learning and research. I found the review quizzes to be easy and I think I would have enjoyed additional tasks or assignments.
The course in very interesting and touches the ground of most of the psychology aspect with a brief and to the point style with straight to the point ideas and thoughts that get the subject well grasbed. the only issue that i would give this course 4 stars is Dr. Paul Bloom. Although he is extremely knowledgeable and very intresting instructor but consistently incepting some of his own personal opinion and sometimes radical beliefs such as his beliefs of evolution theory, some covert hints about atheism into the content. Aside to such issue, i found the course to be extremely good and very helpful.
This was a fantastic course. I've always been drawn to psychology, but never pursued it as a career choice. Taking this course has really got me excited about the possibility of diving deeper into the profession. I am also a visual learner, so appreciated the silly animations with each video and that I could follow along with the script of each video. It's also kind of fun that I can say I took a course at Yale, lol. Thank you for offering this online and for free. It was a great and I hope to take some more psychology courses from here.
The course gives a great overview of western psychological principles and practices with engaging videos and a plethora of learning resources to choose from. The pedagogy is easy to understand and the assessments are increasingly relevant and challenging. For the intellectually curious there is a great deal of material to explore. I would have loved to learn about eastern psychological principles and practices and their integration into modern psychological practices, but maybe for an intro psych course, that is simply asking too much.
I am grateful to have had the opportunity to take Introduction to Psychology with professor Paul Bloom. It was an engaging and challenging course, and Professor Bloom has extensive and impressive knowledge of the subject matter. I have learned many new concepts and now understand how to listen and read the assigned materials more thoroughly. I would recommend this course to anyone who is considering pursuing psychology as a major. This course provides an extensive but condensed look at what to expect in other psychology courses.
I think this was a well-rounded course on the subject of psychology which was pretty insightful and informative. One little complaint of mine is that I found the video animation style somehow distracting and I often found myself losing focus. It was as if I could concentrate better by just listening to the professor speaking without the animation running. Overall, a good course on psychology to beginners and I would recommend this course to anyone interested!
I really enjoyed this course! I took it as COVID-19 was in affect for 2 months and we saw an outcry of people refusing to wear masks and protesting for normalcy. It provided me with great communication tools to better have conversations with varying generations about things happening in the world. My only criticism were minor sound or typos in the coursework. Overall worthwhile to help you change your mindset and speak more intelligently in everyday life.
Loved the lectures by the professor. Would have been great if I could see him directly while he gives the lectures rather than to see an animation of him. The reading exercises took longer than the allocated time to complete but definitely a good introduction to psychology. The initial lectures might seem boring but they lay the foundation for the lectures that follow, so would suggest to be a bit patient initially. Then on it is more interesting,
Excellent overview course and stylish. I enjoyed neuroscience of emotions and neurotransmitters the most and by far. Clever quizz questions. Some topics were way too brief and others were too rushed. And some readings are way longer than the stated 10min. Some NOBA modules were too boring and had little information, others were amazing, specially amazingly the one on  affective neuroscience https://nobaproject.com/modules/affective-neuroscience
I love taking Coursera courses online because I can go at my own pace and watch, read, rewatch and reread, and take notes to study before taking the quizzes. Professor Bloom did a great job teaching the course. I highly recommend both, Professor Bloom and the course. I’d like to know how I can get official transcripts. Looking forward to taking another psychology course. I’ve taken other classes before and enjoyed each one.Martina R. Gallegos
Really solid course to the field of psychology. There are lots of visual aides and supplemental videos that are implemented throughout the lectures that accompany those taking the class with the content. The vast majority of information is contained within the videos, making for straightforward quizzes. And Professor Bloom is pretty engaging for this online course; strongly recommend to anyone with even a remote interest in the subject.
the course was really good and engaging and so interactive that i covered it many days before the deadline. the course covers a very vast area and touches many topics in a very elegant and engaging manner. the course can be better if it had some means like surveys or something that the participants can conduct with the people they know and can have an idea of the applicability of the psychology around them in practical form.
Professor Bloom's voice is magical - soothing, knowledgeable and kind - almost ASMR-esque. The course is structured very fluidly, the examples quoted are taken from life and you never feel overwhelmed at any point. The animated visuals are a bonus - it makes the class so much more interesting than had it been just plain text on screen. I thoroughly enjoyed this course - would certainly recommend it!
I loved the honesty of the professor, the cartoon-style college lectures, the playful and relatable examples and demonstrations of Psychology concepts, and the professor's ever-changing cartoon outfits in all the videos.  The class covers a ton of information, but its also told in a way that most people can understand, and I love that!  I'm so glad I got to take this course :).
Paul Bloom is a passionate teacher . I would rather loved to see him on a live recorded classroom lecture rather than his animated avatar . You can always pitch in the graphics on this recorded lecture , also would be glad to get a glimpse of what happens inside an Yale psych session . Ending the note with gratitude for making this course available to us . Thank You !!
Excellent lecturer, and a stimulating introduction to psychology. Many topics will be familiar to students of other social sciences or humanities, and more review at the end of the course (or a summary PDF for each module) would be helpful to concretise knowledge for learners. Readings are from a digital coursepack, and are useful for course quizzes.
Great course overall, a good foundation to start working/study etc. on psychology, knowing what psychology is about in general, or simply get a grasp of how our brain works. I believed one might improved overall happiness, or self well-being if you prefer, simply by knowing the basic of how our brain works and how our environment affect our brain.
I took this course just to dip my toe into the world of Psychology and prepare myself for AP Psych next year (I'm in high school currently). There were some concepts that I felt needed to be expanded on and connected to (some lectures just seemed unrelated to the previous ones and it was hard to understand the main ideas) but it was really great.
A bit more overview of different forms & applications of clinical psychology would be great to help students get a sense of which pathway may be best suited for them if they were to pursue more research & begin research career choices (ie if that's why they took the course - to see which path would be "best" for them to conduct further research.)
My intention of attending this course was to get a feel for the subject area, particularly how it can help in day to day life. To that extent, the course has been successful. I think this course delves into western psychological perspectives. Given the global nature of the audience, it would have been good to know the oriental perspective also.
This was a highly insightful course which was the perfect culmination of technical jargon and layman explanations. I have learnt a lot here that I will be sure to apply in life moving forward, not only in  personal context but a professional one. This is a course no one with the slightest interest in psychology will come to regret.
Simply wow! Effectively organized and structured.  This course is a must-do for all those who would want to grasp the concepts as well as pursue a career in psychology. It was worth my time and effort. I thank the professor and all those who contributed to this course for coming up with such a detailed yet brief output. Thank You!
Happy with the course module and its in-depth yet concise explaination by the Professor. Would certainly recommend this course to individuals who are academically interested in Psychology and to professional who want to improve their soft skills as this explain the science behind human behaviour in an effective manner.
Great information about psychology i gained through this course and this could help me in my career in psychology. As well as i also want to recommended them use some more understandable data in the  course so this make it  more easier for us to get better understanding and provide data in the notes form.
Very useful as an introduction to psychology which linked to mystery of human behavior and how we are different and similar as individual. The course was put together systematically, using language that even non-psychology academics can understand. The use of animation makes it less dull to learn as well.
Overall it's a good general overview of the subject of Psychology, giving you information about the different aspects and specializations in the field. Some topics are more rich than others , but still it provides you with the essential keys to dive deep on your own afterwards. The readings are great!
As I said this course is best introductory course, I mean you won't total psychology here itself but you get how to approach psychology or how to think like psychology and we can have a basic understanding of all fields of psychology. overall, this course met my expectations and I enjoyed the course.
This course was very well presented and the animations within some of the videos were very engaging and helped me to remember the information. I particularly liked the `ted talks and also the videos from specific scientific studies within the lectures as they helped further my understanding.
Good material, very thorough. Its videos are animations which was not the best for me. Prof. Bloom is knowleadgeable, funny and humble. The course is exactly what it says it is, an introduction, an overview of the field but with option to further your studies according to interest.
Material excellent and I found the animations actually less distracting than watching a person. I found it a novel way to present the lectures. Very interesting articles and length of course manageable for a busy lifestyle! Please do more courses Professor Bloom!!
This was certainly a course that serves its purpose of introducing beginners to psychology. I really enjoyed it! However, personally, I wish it would go a bit more in depth. Nevertheless, this is definitely a great course that I do not regret to have learned.
The course materials was arranged very nicely and presentation was awesome. It would be better if i could see paul bloom directly while giving the lecture. I didn't like the animation he provided. May be he needs to think more about animations in future.
It was a great overview of the types of topics psychology plays a role in. It was informative and engaging, particularly when the Professor Bloom spoke of studies and psychological phenomenons/theories to give a better understanding of its application.
It was a good introduction for me to deepen in this area. There are interesting points as well as challenging ones that I want to clarify furthermore, such as parenting. I think there was a good grasp of what psychology studies and why it is important.
Broad overview across several topics.. Found the animated style super engaging.. the relevant examples and videos definitely enhanced my understanding. Keen to see more offerings from this professor. Super valuable grounding in this subject. Thank you!
This course though was a bit long, it provided an overview of almost every aspect in the field of psychology. Course gets more interesting with every new week, It also provides interesting research clips.I enjoyed the child psychology chapter the most.
Examples need improvement. Extra credit and free certificate should be given to foreigner as English is their second or third language but they arre doing great job by clearing this course. This course should be given as a reference to go USA for study
The content is very good, but it's format is poorly constructed. I loved the lectures of Professor Bloom, and I highly recommend the course, with a small disclaimer: the format, which is 100% animated, will likely distract some of the audience
The only thing I found negative is the fact that there is no way you can complete the readings in 10 minutes. The reading itself took 2+ hours every week. It would have been better if the reading material were also included in the lectures.
This is one of the best courses that I have taken. The course was very engaging, interesting, stimulating to think beyond our preassumed set of thoughts and beliefs. Thanks to the Professor who made this course a wonderful experience.
Fantastic introduction to psychology. Lectures are clear and well structured. Gives an overview on the fields and allows to deepen in the topics of interest.  Would be better if lectures had actual video, but is in general very good.
Very great course with a lot of fun and learning. There was some mistake like the number of videos in a particular week were more but the overall course was very nice. I would emphasis my friends to take this course and have fun.
I have changed my opinion about psychology, especially about the content of psychology with this course. It's so useful, informative and fun in the mean time. Perfect trail courses if one is considering to take long-time courses.
It was really eye opener for me. So many misconceptions got cleared. But the videos get repetitive sometimes as the interactions between the professor and students is less. Otherwise it is a tremendous lecture series. Thank you.
Loved the course and the teacher. Professor Bloom is very articulate in his explanations and he has successfully managed to spark my curiosity for a subject that has remained fascinating to me since a long long time. Thank you.
Great content. The lecturer has a wonderful voice. However the delivery in terms of diction and syntax was poor.  The robotically captured script was inaccurate. People who are not native English speakers will have difficulty.
The course is very interesting the way it introduces us to the different psychology theories and the professor is amazing. Special mention to the designer of the course with whose efforts the videos were very engaging.
Professor Bloom was fun and brilliant while the animated lectures were knowledgable and engaing. I enrolled to gain some insight into the field of psychology and I must say that I don't regret this decision at all!
Professor Bloom's unique method of teaching made it so easy to understand the fundamentals of Psychology. I didn't want the session to end at all. Thank you Coursera and Yale University for making this possible :)
I enjoyed the course and learnt about Psychology and it is very need full to every one. And i share this with my colleagues and relatives and all people who are connected to me, thank you for providing this course
Excellent course from Professor Bloom who makes it more lively.  The noise of the animations on the screen is a bit annoying and sometimes it blocks a few words which he mentions but other than that, great course!
This course was a great introduction to psychology. There was a great level of detail and optional further reading and I enjoyed the different uses of learning media which were tested in the tests each week.
I particularly enjoyed his speaking voice and mannerisms.  He made it feel like I was in the room with a real person talking to a full class of students.  I will be searching for anything else he presents.
The course is like a breeze courtesy Dr. Bloom engaging lecturing style ably supported by witty animations. Hope there were more courses wrapped like this on Coursera ...this makes learning so much fun!!
Very informative and it gives an insight into psychology world for beginners like me. I've always wanted to learn about Psychology and i think this course is a good start for me. Thanks, Professor Bloom.
Great lecturer, great content, great animation, only thing missing - graded assignments. Great job Paul Bloom, Yale University and all the other people who contributed to the creation of this course.
This course offered me a lot to think about what we are as Human Beings and I'm glad that I took this course and Prof. Paul Bloom is excellent in this course and I find this course thought provoking.
Extremely good and relevant information as well as the accumulation of noteworthy scientific thought regarding human psychology, including child development, human behavior and abnormal disorders.
I found the course very interesting, Prof Bloom has explained the concepts very simply and clearly. Please let me know if there is a follow-up course as I would like to leam more on the topic.
it was a great course for the beginner to get the start up on further knowledge regards of psychology ahead. it was really engaging and the format was great. I enjoyed it overall. thank you.
The course was engaging and gave me a thrilling insight into psychology. Provided me answer to questions and gave me insights into various theories; how the human brain thinks and perceives.
In my sense, most of topics were just discussed but my quench for that topic was not fulfilled. More reasonable things like causes and effects should be added in some lectures. Overall Okay
course content and the speaker was good but i expected him to be present rather than being in the animation. this is just my personal opinion so nevermind. this is a course to be suggested.
Thank you a lot, Paul Bloom and the company, for creating this course! It helps me to understand this particular field - my goal is reached :)The idea with video illustrations is amazing!
A good Course for those who are interested in this subject and want a source to start from. Well explained and easy to follow. Contemporary examples has kept the course fresh and relevant
thank you very much for all matirial and info. My idea for the course was to get some basic knowlege in psychology field. it was very interesting and i might be back to the topic soon.
Very interesting course, it has opened my mind to see Psychology in a different way that i thought it would be, and the course helped me to gain a better understanding of happiness.
Really helped me a lot to know what is happiness is. Learned a vast arena of human psychology. This course was helpful to me as it taught me much more than i knew about some facts.
amazing course! meets our expectations and teaches us in a manner that we can apply in our day to day life. perfectly illustrative examples and gives us a very good understanding.
I found this course to be well designed and interesting. It covered a lot of different areas related to psychology, some of which I had not previously looked at to be part of it.
This is a great course. Personally I've got a chance to grab so many knowledge about psychology and this is amazing course for all of you who are having interest in psychology.
An excellent course with some fascinating material.  In my opinion, real life videos of the professor delivering the material (rather than animations) would improve engagement.
Its a great course filled with a wonderful insight into the world of psychology. It is a good place to start if you ever have any interest in learning what this field entails.
helo Dr ,please i finished the corse with a good notes please tel me how can i get muy certificate thanks you this my email: joefarraj4@gmail.com or my number 0052 3320207474
Interesting course and a great introduction to the general study of psychology, it has inspired me to learn from about the subject and to learn more about myself, thank you!
content wise it was a very interesting course, unusual in its presentation method buy enjoyable none the less. Also a lot of interesting and informative additional content
Really good introductory course. I was amazed at how many things touch to psychology. Bloom did a good job explaining different concepts and making the course accessible.
It was almost a five star experience. The only thing that discouraged me was the tempo and diction of the lecturer who is without any doubt a great expert in his field.
To know the various aspects of psychology and some high level scenarios; this course is really good. This course will not give you deep acknowledge about every aspect.
would like to have a bit more focused and extended explanation on some topics. For me this course perfectly match together with similar one from Toronto university.
Got to learn a lot of new things,BUT A FEELING is there something more could be there.Resultant i enjoyed the process and felt little sad when the course ended....
Thank you for the great course. It really enlightened me on various concepts of psychology.  The professor had a great humor sense. I loved the additional content.
Absolutely had a great time doing this course .got to know about depression, babies , memories, happiness and etc . Thanks coursera for providing this course .
The course was well constructed, really informative and motivating to learn more on the subject. The lecture could be more of a lively type than mere animation
It is good course to learn and understand basics of Psychology. It is interesting and involved subject if you are interested in understanding human behaviour.
Prof. Bloom did establish a good foundation for the scientific study of psychology  in this introductory course with a good compilation of reading materials
it was quite good, satisfactory for me.. i got all the topics and information that i wanted. the professor was very engaging even through the technology.
A wide range of engaging content across all branches of psychology. Extremely beneficial for anyone looking to discover the foundations of this field.
I really enjoyed this course. It gave a clear view of the broad spectrum of psychology. Allowing me to understand that psychology in itself is broad .
The content was good but it felt like there was more contents crammed into an entire lecture and the lecture were a bit tedious otherwise it was good
It was an excellent course to provide an introduction to psychology. But I feel too much animation failed to connect me personally to the professor.
It's an amazing introductory course to the world of psychology . The topics are covered very well and the extra readings are also very informative.
I am grateful for the new insights provided through the course. The lectures were awesome. I am glad I could understand a lot within a short while.
I enjoyed a lot learning psychology course. My long term willingness to learn psychology has been achieved. Thanks for the opportunities given.
It has been a great chance for me to take that course and benefit from its content. Thank you professor paul from an Egyptian psychology lover!
Except for some of the background sounds (noises) in video animations which were distracting and disturbing ; course content was excellent
Professor Bloom is highly engaging. After this course I am much more serious about pursuing a graduate degree in psychology, thank you.
This course was really good. This course also gave me a direction that what topicks I can pick later for further study in Psychology.
Really good introductory course on psychology. Prof Bloom is a wonderful teacher. Very interesting and lively experience I have had.
This course provides a clear, basic overview of psychology, but I wouldn't place it on par with, say, a self-study of AP Psychology.
A very interesting course with a good high level overview on many psychology related themes. A very enjoyable way to spend lockdown
The course is very well-made, however it's short and very brief. An introduction course in university contains a lot more material
The first part of the course was detailed, concrete and fundamental. But I find the last 3 weeks were too vague and unsystematized
This course gives a very general and an overall view of basic psychology, I really loved the way the professor took it throughout
This course helped me understand psychology as a study more but the density of the information in it was hard to handle at times.
I loved the course, but found some animation and sounds to be distracting, and not being able to see the professor less engaging.
It was a very interesting course concerning the Introduction in Psychology. Professor Bloom and the videos were very engaging.
Great course, fantastic presentation the only thing keeping it from five stars is the massive amount of typos in the texts.
A great start to anyone looking to understand the basic workings of the mind. I hope it does you as much good as it did me.
Very engaging course; appropriate duration, engaging animations, relevant videos and rich content. I recommend this course.
I really enjoyed the coruse. I suggest to plan a more advanced psychology course, if there isn´t allready one. Thank you.
I like the course, very informative. It gave me the overview of the different branches of psychology and its theories.
This is a best course for all beginners in Psychology or those who wished to know the basic aspects about psychology.
Highly Recommended for all those interested in psychology and wish to learn about the various aspects of psychology
It is a very interesting course. It helps me to understand psychological aspects of children, infants, people, etc.
I enjoyed this course very much and would like to continue to a second one but cannot find what you are offering.
A good overview of the different areas of psychology to build on an understanding of how we relate to the world
Insightful. Unfortunately, the animations are most of the time interrupting the learning process - Not a fan.
This course is very useful for students of psychology . Actually it is mandatory before going to next level.
Very interesting and easy to follow. I was not keen on the last lecture, but the rest is pretty informative.
Educative and insightful analysis. The experience was quite real and far from a virtual class that it is.
very nice course would highly recommend it as a great introduction to the broad discipline of psychology
kindly provide me certificate of introduction to psychology free.I am waiting for you favourable reply.
Good Introduction to Psychology, great video lectures and enough reading materials and links provided.
amazing experience, great reference points  and a very good and informative as well as useful subject.
the class is full of examples and the teacher is fully expert in explaining vague things! that's great
Really helpful and knowledge. For who want to start from basic, this will provide important infos.
More interaction would be good. It also didn’t really give an intro to trauma which would be good.
In my opinion, this was a very good course to people who don´t know much things about psychology
I am feeling glad to appling for this course. The course is really helpful .Thank you so much.
the course is very intresting it have  build up my personality and behaviour to a large extent
excellent presentation, I learned a lot considering I have not taken a class in about 35 years
This course helps you to understand in whatever situation you are and may tends to improve it
Great informative course, well thought, thanks,  references to literature could be improved.
I give 4 stars because it is a Psychology Course that tries to explain the Human Behavior.
Good introduction to Psychology. Great overview, a bit of everything but not very deep.
A very engaging and satisfying course for everyone who is curious about what is mind.
This course was beneficial and interesting for me.  Thanks a lot,Samieh.Gholinezhad
Great course and serves as a good introduction to the wonderful world of Psychology
This was a great start to psychology. I wish more time was spent on clinical psych.
Good way to learn the basics of psychology.  The course is very well put together.
This course was very informative! I was able to learn a lot from Professor Bloom.
Really good course for anyone for anyone who wants to start studying psychology.
Great content! I would prefer seeing professor live instead of animation though.
only one star less as the professor wasn't there in person. otherwise all great
Very good collection of topics for the begineers who want to learn the subject.
It is really a good platform, I learn different prospective  from this course.
Instructor was great, didn't like the animations. Found them very distracting.
Very engaging and profound. Great place to start your journey of Psychology.
The course is useful for those who are seriously concerned about psychology
it was an interesting introduction and an oveview to a very complex subject
Coursecera offers gud knowledge to students by video sessions and quiz test
Extremely insightful course on understanding human mind & human behaviour.
Great course and it is well designed but I was looking for something else.
Love the way professor Bloom explains concepts even if theyre very quick.
It was hard to understand but I really enjoyed the topics I learned about
Really good for Beginners. Prof Bloom please add more courses. Loved it.
this course is very good for Intro about psychology.I recommended it.
This course was very interesting and I had a great time following it.
I liked the information, not a fan of the animated impersonal format.
nice course i really like this course.i got an idea about psychology
It is very useful course.Every medical student learning this course.
Thanks for this chance to know more about this fascinating subject.
its optionally amazing and thish course is very usefull in my life
I felt this course intersting,and knowledeg gainingDr.Boby Johns G
Know more about the psychology, depression, happiness,like ect..
This course develops your personality and improves your mindset.
A very engaging introduction to the fundamentals of psychology.
Great Experience.  Learnt few important things for daily life.
Great videos. Good separation between ideas. Would recommend.
An excellent course. But missed Prof. Boom physical presence.
Thank you! Enjoyed the course and had lots of new learning.
it was a great experience , i enjoyed studding this course
A very engaging and voiceover production was outstanding.
Overall, a very good course for beginners in psychology.
Great introductory course and references were excellent
good but kind of long and could be boring after a while
Very structured and quite easy to follow for beginners
Thank you for an interesting and "learningful" course.
keep it up ! i like the way they inform us. Thankyou.
the course is really good and very easy to understand
Broad Spectrum of Psychology well dealt and explored
provides a brief insight of the world of psychology
Very engaging and insightful. good for foundation.
Need more week to know  better for introduction
very good. I like the presentation on lecture.
A great use of my time during the quarantine.
best start for learning what is pyschology!!!
It is very useful to study. i really like it.
Very interesting and worth the time/effort!
Very nice class and very interesting topics
Easy to learn.. introduction to pyschyology
relative examples make us understand better
Good beginner class with nice short videos.
Thankyou so much sir i am gratefull to you
It's very good for online learning for us
It was a really interesting experience ..
good to help me understand the psychology
Very enthralling course but too general.
overall great. the ending is a bit week.
I enjoyed the course, brief but helpful.
It was carried out in an excellent way!
it was amazing but i got no certificate
Lacks depth, but gives a good overwiev
Excellent introduction to psychology.
Very good for an introductory course.
It is good to learn about Psychology
It's awesome and most useful for me.
Mr. Paul is a bit off not gonna lie
It was interesting course I love it
Full theatrical, lengthy and fast.
Very well prepared presentations .
The course was truly informative.
THANKS AND THE COURSE IS NOT BAD
Very useful course in Psychology
A good overview courseThank you!
Nice course, really enjoyed it.
It's an very informative course
It was awesome course i like it
It was a wonderful experience!!
Very informative, great course!
this is a very helpful course.
Quite difficult for beginners
It was a wonderful experience
It was  informative and good.
Nicely delivered and precise.
Amazing! I love psychology!!
A very interesting course.
its helpfull n i loved it
Learnt a lot! Great work.
Very interresting course.
Very interesting course
very informative course
It was great learning.
Interesting to learn
Good  Picturization.
Great course for me
Fantastic course
very interesting
very helpfull
Great teachi
Very Good
Nice one
was cool
This is one of the highest quality online courses I have taken. The lectures were clear, well paced, and engaging. The readings complement the lectures and go into more detail with plenty of references to learn more. After taking this, I feed like I have a solid foundation in psychology that will support more advanced courses. Thank you!
This is very basic course on pshchology but I enjoy studying it for personal reason. I think many learners will take advantages of this course for whatever field of studay and work they are doing.
Dr Bloom is a very engaging teacher! His YouTube videos and TED talks embedded in the videos are really engaging! A definite recommend for anyone interested in psychology.
I adore how 90% of material in this course is in video form and the professor is amazing! I love this course and the way it is presented and how playful but at the same time serious it is. Thank you for this oportunity to learn.
I absolutely enjoyed taking this course! Professor Bloom did an incredible job explaining the course material and providing additional reading materials to further my knowledge throughout this course.
I've tried taking many courses on psychology, this is so clearly explained and well structured that it makes all those other courses seem ridiculous. Excellent.
The lectures are interesting. The animation is fun and not overwhelming. The quizzes are challenging but not unreasonable.
Excellent course, challenging concepts well explained, clear and rich in detail.
The course is great and very interesting. I suggest that it would be more engaging if it is not in full animation (including the instructor). They can use animation only in their examples instead.
I enjoyed this course a lot and prof. Bloom is very easy to follow. Being that I have done my studies on psychology in another language it was very important for me to take this course in English.
Absolutely love the way the course is explained, it's very clear and very easy to imagine and picture the situations. The author speaks slowly making space for understanding the content.
Great introductory class covering a wide range of topics. Videos are engaging and the modules build on each other logically and are easy to follow. I appreciated being able to reset deadlines and work at my own pace. Highly recommended course for anyone with a passing interest in this field. Thanks Coursera & Professor Bloom!
The instructor has followed a unique approach. All the videos with respect to the experiments & interviews conducted makes the course more interesting. Very satisfied with the instructor's approach and his knowledge regarding the subject.
Excellent introduction to the course. The lectures are delivered in a very clear, engaging way. I loved the readings (Noba) and the animations in the lecture videos were very well done.
Prof. Blum presented the material in a unique, interesting way.  I would highly recommend this course to anyone who would like to gain some insight into our daily actions and reactions.  And who would not want to know more about why we do the things we do.  This course was something I looked forward to completing from the moment I started it.I have learned so much, and would love to have a follow up course on what we learned.Thank you so much Prof. Blum for this most interesting course.  I feel very privileged to have been able to participate.
Very education and highly engaging. The unique animated lecture style was an absolute pleasure to watch, encouraging me to work far ahead of schedule just so I could keep on watching. Concepts were easy to understand and very well explained, paired with numerous examples and case studies that deepened my understanding of the material. All that, paired with the absolutely marvelous lecture style of the professor, meant that this was hands-down one of my favourite courses on the site.
Lovely course if you want an overview of the field.
This course has provided me a thorough basic understanding of psychology, packaged in an engaging and user-friendly manners in terms of topics and their presentations. The layout of the course is very well put and motivating. Excellent references and very nice lecture-like videos. Professor Bloom and his team are exceptional.
This course is very insightful and I have learned quite a lot. My favourite area though is Clinical Psychology and Positive Psychology. I believe I will be better able to understand persons around me.
This was my second course using this site, and with Professor Bloom, and once again it was great. I've genuinely learnt a lot, and I've found a new love for psychology I never would have found before.
Was very useful and insightful.  Being an educator, t allowed to delve into various aspects which allows to understand differences i children .and underlying reasons.Thanks for wonderful experience
Professor Bloom has quite engaging style of teaching and the animations in this course provided nice visual reference.Overall, it's a nice course if you want to learn basic introduction of psychology.
This course was really very interesting and the way by which  lectures was delivered it too awesome. It was easy to understand and feel connectivity to the Professor.Thank you Sir and Coursera.
Introduction to Psychology is a journey through all of the major psychological concepts and principles. The knowledge gained from this course will allow students to critically evaluate psychological research and have a more in-depth understanding of human thought and behavior.

Psychology is the study of the mind and behavior, according to the American Psychological Association. It is the study of the mind, how it works, and how it affects behavior. ... Psychologists and psychiatrists work together to help people with mental health conditions, but they are not quite the same 
Psychology majors
 develop a broad understanding of human behavior as well as the skills 
to understand and interpret research findings concerning human behavior.
 The psychology curriculum includes courses in cognitive, developmental, behavioral and neural studies, learning, personality, social and clinical psychology.


So as you have learned, the four primary goals of psychology are to describe, explain, predict, and change behavior


Intro Psych will always be a hard
 course because the material is complex and broad, but it may be even 
more difficult for you because you may lack background and experience to
 tie all this new material to, and because your academic skills may be 
less-than-perfect.


The three branches are: 1) the basic science of psychology,
 whose proper subject matter is “mental behavior” which translates into 
the behavior of the animal as a whole and includes thinking and feeling 
as well as acting; 2) human psychology, whose proper subject matter is human behavior at the individual level and


Psychology is the
 study of the mind, its thought, feeling and behaviour. It is an 
academic discipline which involves the scientific study of mental 
faculties, functions and behaviours. ... Psychologists attempt to understand the role of mental functions in individual and social behavior.


So, yes, it is possible to learn anything. ... The core of it would be your own passion towards psychology - if you are determined to learn, no one and nothing will stop you from reading materials and educating yourself. You can go on any college website and get a list of books/textbooks for courses and read them yourself.


Psychology is very important
 especially because it deals with the study of the mental processes and 
behaviour at the same time. It is also applied in our daily lives and in
 many things. ... Psychology is also used to better understand and help those with pervasive developmental disorders such as autism.


The five major perspectives in psychology
 are biological, psychodynamic, behavioral, cognitive and humanistic. 
Each perspective provides its own view on the roots of why you do what 
you do.


The four main goals of psychology are to describe, explain, predict and control the behaviour and mental processes of others. Describe. Psychology aims to understand the behaviour of others and gather information about the way the brain works in order to better serve humanity.


Define Psychology in your own words. Psychology
 is the study of the human brain and the scientific factors that follow 
it such as the behaviors one has. ... It changed from the study of the 
soul to the study of the mind and the brain.

The Different Types of Psychologists and How Do They Help You    Biopsychologist.    Clinical Psychologists.    Cognitive Psychologists.    Consumer psychologists.    Counseling Psychologists.    Cross-Cultural Psychologists.    Educational Psychologists.Getting feedback on an assignment is an important part of the learning experience. But sometimes it can be hard to know how to interpret feedback, especially if the comments aren’t what you expected, or if you’re unsure what they mean.It’s important not to take feedback as personal criticism. Lecturers mark thousands of assignments, and their end goal is not to point out your mistakes, but to suggest ways to improve your writing. Keep an open mind – at the end of the day, your teachers want to see you getting the best marks you can.In fact, feedback is the ticket to academic success, so think of it as an opportunity, not an obstacle. Here are some tips for reviewing the feedback you receive and using this knowledge to improve your assignment writing. 1. Interpret the feedbackFirst, try to determine exactly what the marker is commenting on. Is it the expectations set out in the unit learning outcomes and assignment marking rubric?Or, maybe it’s the structure of your writing or the language you have used?Maybe you need to pay attention to your use of sources, including the way you have referenced them?If you are unclear about the feedback that you received, make sure you speak to your unit chair, lecturer or tutor to clarify – in class, on the unit discussion forum or via email.2. Analyse and apply what you have learntThen, identify specific areas that you need to address for your next assignment.How can I improve my sentence structure?Am I showing adequate evidence? Enough analysis?Am I making my paper easily digestible for my reader?Am I providing too much or too little information?Keep a log of the comments you receive for various assignments – are there common issues that you need to address in your writing? And don’t forget to note any positive comments made by your marker: it’s useful to know your own strengths and build upon them.3. Talk it out and ask questionsIt really helps to discuss your feedback with someone else – it could be a classmate or a friend. The Study Support team can also help you do this. We have Writing Mentors and Language and Learning Advisors who can help you to interpret and review your feedback. 4. Utilise resources to improve your skillsBetter planning for your next assignment will help provide a better result. There’s an Academic Skills guide for almost every aspect of your university assignments, from integrating sources to proofreading to note taking. And, one of the most important things to do when you begin your next assignment is to read the assignment brief carefully to understand what is being asked of you. As one lecturer says, ‘when marking, we ask ourselves: did the student fulfil the task, and how? If not, what was missing from their assignment?’ You should ask yourself the same questions when writing your assignment.
I am a teaching student. I am in the last cycle at the National University of Education of Ecuador. I want to thank the wonderful opportunity for accessing this introductory psychology course. This learning helped me strengthen my teaching skills. Now I am aware of the different behaviors of people. Indeed, I will be able to be more accurate in planning for my students. The course reflects the best way to teach psychology. It has innovative elements such as: videos with animated sketches that make learning more satisfying. I want to thank Professor Bloom for his ability to process the information and transmit it. Thank you very much Yale University.
Great course, Prof. Bloom is very engaging and interesting. The videos and readings are comprehensive.  The readings are challenging - they take way longer than the 10 minutes allocated: most take between 45minutes and 1 hour to read and take notes from.  Week 5 had 9 readings so consider your other commitments carefully.  I really enjoyed the course and learned lots from it. Thank you.
The course was helpful in gaining the foundation of psychology. It was clearly structured so that a person with any background can understand it. Thanks for helping me to gain knowledge on psychology.
This was a brilliant course , and would definitely recommend it to my friends and colleagues who wish to pursue a course on psychology  professor Bloom's lectures were very informative and detailed.
My deepest gratitude to Professor Bloom for all the intelligence, knowledges, inspirations to learn more and tremendous efforts Professor Bloom put in this incredible course!There are so many insights and knowledges that are fascinating! 
I loved the structure of the course, the wide diversity of themes. 
I never got bored even for a second, it was all so captivating, wise, well-informed, creative, bright and interesting. 
I enjoyed the animation format so much, how beautiful and professionally this course is made. 
One of my favorite part were the assignments, they are for sure one of the most intellegent assignments I have ever seen.It's not just some randomly picked questions, but something that is well-considered, something that really make you think. It was so exciting to answer them.If all the courses would be like this one course, honestly, I would never stop studying!)I am very happy that I took this absolutely astonishing, perfectly-made course!
I had previously enrolled in a few other courses of interest and quickly became bored or uninterested in completing those enrolled, until now.  Psychology has always interested me and this course reaffirmed my interest.  Professor Bloom's presentation kept my interest throughout the course and motivated me to work on it every day to see what's next.  The subjects in the field of Psychology presented in this course related so much to what we as humans encounter daily - I would highly recommend this course to any one individual across all professions as we all need a general understanding of ourselves and to understand others in our lives...
I have been doing online courses on various topics for years, but never came across one that is as interesting as this Intro course. It can be argued that as this is very basic psychology course, the non extensive lectures in various topics are bound to be interesting, which is true, but also apart from that, the professor is great, and the links to outside readings and the layout is also very thoughtful and designed to catch attention perfectly. What a great course!
This is my first time to study Psychology and I did so in part to support my change of career from senior executive to a Mentor and Coach.  I felt that a base understanding of psychology would be helpful in my new field of study, and that feels true now I have completed the program.  The structure content and pace of the program is logical and flexible and it builds on knowledge module by module without overwhelming you.
Thank you so much for all the detailed information, resources, additional content and links for further studing provided within the course - Introduction to Psychology. I thoroughly enjoyed how it challenged me, and my mind to learn and understand more about Psychology and the foundations in this course.  I am so looking forward to furthering my studies and refining the areas of Psychology. Thank you and God Bless
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and could not recommend it more. Paul Bloom is an exceptional teacher. His lectures were well paced and engaging. He has a lovely and relatable way of explaining complex information that is easy to understand. The animation was a great touch as well and helped immensely in keeping my attention. A wonderful introduction to the topic. So much fun!
This was a very enriching and rewarding course for me. It has piqued my interest to learn more about Psychology in many ways. The course itself was definitely visually entertaining, informative, and never fails to surprise me with facts and stats. I thoroughly enjoyed the lectures and kudos to Prof Bloom's superb personality and his great sense of humor!
I am extremely glad to receive this  opportunity to pursue a course in psychology from your esteemed university. This course has provided me with such a learning experience that is difficult to express in words. Well explained and well conducted lectures were beyond expectation,,,, Thank you very much for providing so much insight ,,,
Excellent course!! Extremly informative and brought about a new perspective to self. I'm mother to a 4 year old and now I know why he does what he does. And the course is just not limited to kids. It's given me a wide perspective on the everything!! Thanks to Prof. Bloom for being an awesome teacher!
Excellent by all means!Professor Bloom was absolutely amazing, providing significant knowledge, in a pleasant and yet totally scientific way, expanding our prior knowledge in the field of Psychology. I recommend this course to everyone that wants to have a valid insight into the human mind and soul.
I loved every aspect of this course. The animated lectures reduced distractions and were captivating throughout. The amount of information in the course never felt overwhelming, even though there are a lot of materials. I found the assessments fair, and the extra materials (articles) really helpful
Introduction to Psychology was my online course, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Prof. Bloom's calm and soothing voiceover and the incredible accompanying animation in each lesson was great. I couldn't complete it on time, and took much longer than anticipated, but that's on me, not the course.
Engaging and inspiring. Highly recommended.  Learned a considerable amount of information in a short period of time. Definitely gave me the inspiration to look further into the study of psychology. Amazing course. Thank you, Dr. Bloom! You rock.
Great course, really engaging and well-structured. The material provided in the lessons is sufficient for developing a general understanding of the themes explored, which can be deepened quite easily with the additional readings.
This course is knowledgeable and entertaining all in one. It was one of the best courses so far. I enjoyed the lectures , readings and additional insight from the Professor and his  knowledge of Psychology.
Professor Bloom is an amazing instructor. The transition to online classes was made enjoyable due to rich animations and his concise lectures. Week 5 and 6 were particularly useful and memorable. Thank you!
Quite enganging, educational and variety of opinions from the availed links. As a minister I am now better equipped to understand the functioning and the events and effects of my congregants life events.
This was such an incredible course this Professor made it very interactive and insightful and easy to follow and did not let his ego get in the way of teaching like other professors from ivy leagues.
Very good course to provide foundational knowledge to anyone who wants to refresh on Psychology (such as myself) or those curious to be exposed to the field before digging deeper in another area.
A wonderful starting point for anyone who`s interested in psychology for everyday life or further education. The professor is engaging and offers different perspectives on each topic.
Professor Bloom was great explaining every detail of this course. I got engaged with how this was explained. I look forward to more course videos with Professor Bloom on it.
Amazing course if you want a starting point for Psychology, Touches almost every topic ! Thanks a lot professor .. The videos were really cool :)
I learned a lot and gained a lot from this amazing course! Thanks to Professor Bloom who provided me with this Introduction to Psychology!
I was extremely happy about taking an finishing this course! It provided great insights and knowledge on human psychology.
Very educational and interesting! I recommend it to everybody because it gives you great basic knowledge of psychology.
This course got me thinking about life in general and brought into context, what has been. I will rate it a 5-star
Engaging and inclusive of all the basics. Simplified in the best manner for newcomers in the field of psychology.
Very much enjoyed. Learned a lot. I think a good foundation for psychology. Great teacher with awesome accent.
For beginners like me , who want to have some knowledge in this field, this course is perfect to start with.
The professor was well versed on all topics covered. The materials covered was very interesting.
Well organized and presented in an engaging, interesting manner. Would recommend.
Excellent course. Engaging and detailed and covered everything I hoped to learn.
Really enjoyed taking this course and learned some very interesting things
Brilliant. Really enjoyed the content, the delivery and the platform.
Thank You. it was a feel good course learning about human nature.
Very good course if you want to know the overview of psychology.
really very meaningful course, it help me to reduce my stress.
A good starting point to psychological understanding!
Thank you, it was a pleasure learning in your class.
A must for people interested in psychology
Loved this! Thanks for the great course!
Enjoyed learning about the human mind.
The most awesome course ever
special thanks to Mr. Bloom
Introduction of psychology
This is the best and one of the most useful courses I have ever attended. I have learnt so much and this course gives a fantastic overview of the subject of psychology. I took this course because I have always been interested in the way people think and curious about the motivations for their behaviours. But more importantly, i wanted to understand my kids more, and help them in their pursuits in life, if I could. Some of the biggest challenges are in the areas of understanding their motivations and capabilities, and one current challenge is in memory retention for their studies. This course gave me a good overview on that, from encoding and methods of encoding information and how failures of memory can occur. But the sum of all the other parts, in understanding their personalities and perceptions are also important, because their ability to learn and retain information and translate them to knowledge also depends on how they think and where and why they are having challenges. I am reviewing the materials again and again because each time I learn something more than my initial reading. Prof Bloom has managed to condense the breadth and scope of a very complex and wide subject into a highly informational course. I am very grateful for these materials, to have an expert summarize the critical areas of learning to be further explored, if desired. The world is made better by generous contributions as these, for those who wish to understand oneself and others a little more, there is no parallel as starting point.I also found the animations cute as helpful mnemonics, well done to the animator! And to the Prof who understood that some of us especially an auditory and visual learner like myself need these to help make the points more distinctive and interesting. Lastly the last chapter on The Good Life, Subjective Well-Being, so needed to tie everything together, for we are a species who can not only intelligently process the causes and effects of our condition, but to also by our actions and design enrich ourselves and others if we so wish. Thank you Prof Bloom and Coursera, and Ms Julia Veldman the visual storyteller.
I started this course merely to see if Psychology is a field that interests me. Due to some circumstances, I never had the opportunity to study any part of psychology in high school so I wanted to see where my interest stands to pursue higher education in psychology or even neuroscience. I recommend this course to all the people who are in the same position that I was or who are interested in building a good foundation to their knowledge on psychology. I found this course to be so interesting that I completed it in 6 days rather than the average time of completion being 6 weeks. Maybe a smarter idea would've been to have gone through this course gradually as it's meant to be completed in 6 weeks but the fact is that I became so interested that participation in this course seemed not only educational but fun too. Until 6 days ago I was unsure of what I want to major in college but now I think I can say I know the field I want to study for the upcoming 4 years as I had so much fun studying it. This course was very helpful and efficiently educational. The methods that were used were engaging and always left you wanting to research even more on the topics discussed. While taking this course I found out that many questions in psychology are unanswered. There are a lot of theories left to be proven. The good thing is that upon completing the course I feel motivated to do my own research and find possible answers to those questions. Whether I do find accurate answers is not nearly as important as the point that I have an interest to research those theories. To sum it up this course left me feeling inspired to further my knowledge on psychology.
This was my first Coursera course and I have to say, that I am fairly impressed! The course wasn't too difficult to understand and Professor Bloom was always asking deeply thought questions which required his audience to think a lot more about their own behaviors.  Throughout this course I myself was able to come to my own hypotheses and theories as to why I and others act a certain way and I'm ready to ask even more questions after doing this course. I'm not an Ivy league student by any means, (I'm in high school.) but I really do think that this course is well fitted for most people. Professor Bloom provides much visual representation throughout his videos. (He's a cartoon.) and speaks at a rate that's not too fast or too slow. (Plus subtitles help.) He further provides articles that are very reliable and relevant to what he's teaching and quizzes that can be redone easily if the student answers a few questions wrong. (or a lot.) I think it would be really interesting if Professor Bloom added courses that a person could do after Intro. to Psychology that were more focused on the specific subcategories of psychology, rather than psychology as a whole itself. For example, a whole class on developmental psychology, personality psychology, criminal psychology, and much more. Overall, I would recommend this course to anyone who just wants to understand people a little bit better. I give this course a 5/5.
Dear Prof BloomI had 2 Psych courses as an undergrad, but it had all turned rather hazy in time, which is why I enrolled. Now, I'm relishing the course, and definitely taking all the time I need to LEARN it. I'm constantly behind schedule, but that's because I want to make the best of it, and I have other obligations as well. The second module gave me great insight into language teaching; I already had some knowledge of Skinner, Piaget and Chomsky, but it was superficial. Do I need it to teach English? Maybe not everyone, but I do. I need to see the foundation of the building in order to feel safe manipulating the top floor. I'm in the third part now, and the information I got from your talk as well as the appended articles about attention (esp. inattentional blindness) is going straight into a PP presentation I'm making about why my students shouldn't be checking Instagram while we're doing grammar (with proper referencing, of course). I've talked about it over the years, but with the proper references I'm hoping it'll be more effective.So thank you already, although I might be writing a second review when I actually finish the course.Yesim Erdogru
Great for people that are curious towards the various areas of psychology but never studied it in the academy. It is a general overlook of it all. I like to read specialized books of the field and I wish I had taken this course 10 years ago, before those studies. I absolutely adored it and am craving a second part of the course. The Professor provides some pretty awesome extra material for the extra curious people. I have a very nonsense academic history, an associates in Physics, Bachelor in Music and now I was just accepted for a Masters in Psychology, this course laid down a pretty nice bed for what is to come, it pointed out four books (many more, I bought four of them) that added a great amount of knowledge to myself and that I am sure I will use throughout grad school. If you are a curious interested person yourself, do yourself a favor and buy "The Principles Of Psychology" by William James. If you take the course and use the book for consultation you will make the absolute best of it! Have a nice journey!
This was one of the most amazing courses I took. During the pandemic, I really missed the opportunity to learn something new, gain knowledge, and also regretted that I could not begin to study psychology as early as I wanted. And this course turned out to be magnificent in everything - the lectures of Professor Blossom were extremely interesting, entertaining, vivid in their examples from life, jokes, experiments, and much more. Do not forget about the amazing component of the course itself, it's visual part, and tasks that helped to consolidate knowledge. I was glad every minute that I could study on this course, was glad of the opportunity to be involved in the educational process, and found it extremely exciting and informative.
I highly recommend taking this course, as it perfectly expands our knowledge of psychology, not only as a science that deals with mental diseases but also with science that studies how we know the world and how we perceive it.
Instructor Paul Bloom is extremely engaging. The way he presents information is extremely simple, clear, but informative, and his voice is easy and pleasant to listen to, I was pleasantly surprised by the animations in the video and all the text in the slides provided. It was very organised and helped in my learning tremendously. Although this is one of the very few courses I have taken, it is the best one I have taken in terms of educational value and how interesting it is. For someone who was just auditing the course i.e. watching the videos & reading readings, not participating in discussion forums and more challenging assignments, the assignments provided were very suitable as they were pretty short but long enough to help me revise what I had learned, and having the readings at hand was something I appreciated. Would recommend to anyone interested in learning the very basics of psychology, just like me before this course. :)
I believe for those who learn better understanding the abstract way, rather than by learning the definitions, this is a wonderful course. Professor Bloom does a great job explaining/ making sense of psychology by using real-life situations. It is also pleasant that terminologies (accurate to the topics ) can be found in the readings to further enhance your understanding. Also, for international students, with English being their second/third language, like my case, it is quite comprehensive. The lectures use images and bullet points as support.Also, as a side note: this course is free and I attended pricey psychology classes previously (in the same length of 6 weeks. I think that the quality of this course is at the equilibrium, or even better than other psychology courses.Thank you for your efforts, Mr. Bloom, to provide this course!
It was my first time doing online course. I loved everything about the course, when professor bloom was teaching it felt like I was sitting in the class. I would tell my kids that I am the one sitting with back pony tails. The course was an eye opener, for a lot of things. In my family I have 2 people that psychotic disorder - schizophrenia. I learn a lot and it will be so easy to understand more of what is happening with them. They explanation of the subjects was made simply. I also enjoy the subject about happiness.  I am happy that I started the course and finish because it has been my dream to learn something about the mind and human behavior. I love it......I love it. THANK YOU PROFESSOR BLOOM YOU ARE DOING A GREAT JOB, KEEP IT UP. in my venda which is my home language. NDO LIVHUWA ....Angie from South African --Pretoria
Since long I was curious about questions like why do we have the thoughts that we do? What makes us good and bad? Why can't we battle our intuitions and cravings???All these questions and much further detailed knowledge has been imparted to me from this course. I have learned about the various fields in psychology and that too with fun! The interactive method of teaching, engaging videos, detailed course material - which doesn't just give data, but also explains the biological, evolutionary reasons behind them!It has opened an entirely new direction for me and has made me confident over my decisions in daily life. I am now even further motivated to learn psychology in deeper aspect after this course.Thank you Professor Bloom, Thank you Yale University and Thank You So So much Coursera!!!
I am not a college student, nor am I a graduate. I've never been to college on such an academic level, but I can say with sincerity I thoroughly enjoyed this course and might even re-take it to bolster the fantastic knowledge Paul Bloom has shared with us. Since quarantining for COVID-19, I've discovered an interest in Psychology, and ever since I have been exploring possible higher education. I'd love to work towards a Master's. I am apprehensive to enroll, but this course has given me some courage that I can be capable of learning more about psychology. I really did enjoy it, and sad that it has concluded. However, I cannot wait to learn more and explore the subjects we covered in further detail. Thank you, Professor Bloom!
This is probably the best online course I have ever taken, on any platform, on any subject! Mr. Bloom is an excellent instructor. He created a very well organized structure that leaves no question marks behind as you go through the lessons, and every information he gives is crucial for the following stages of the course. I am glad I have taken this course, and even though I am into the field of psychology a lot, I strongly believe that anyone in the world, even if they have absolutely zero background in psychology would find this course pretty darn cool. He does not only make you learn some things, but he also makes you love psychology a lot more. This course is definitely worth all the hours you are going to put in!
This course is an absolute masterpiece. I am simply giddy with delight from having studied it and now feel I have gained a good foundation on which I can continue my pursuit of learning more about psychology. Essentially, I have been interested in the subject for many years, yet until the coronavirus pandemic and the invention of MOOCs, I never seemed to have the opportunity to get started. I've read a lot of books about psychology, but this short course has put everything together in a way which has left me feeling on the one hand, a great grounding in the subject, on the other, a long road of study ahead of me ... so without further ado, I'd best get started. Thank you to everyone who made this course possible.
Excellent course and highly recommended to people from all walks of life. This course gives a general overview of psychology but it does scratch the surface enough to make me want to learn more. The instructor, Dr.Bloom has an exceptional ability to explain complex concept in a simplified manner. And while learning I could not help but observe the application to everything around me from child development to wars. Initially I didn't understand the need for the aminated-version but as I took the course, I realized  that the visual representation of concepts really aided comprehension. I guess that too has been psychologically-tested. Overall, one of the best coursera has to offer!
From blank slate to "something valuable" in psychology, after much procrastination and struggling. Personally speaking, this course is not merely a learning exercise, rather, it was a kind of conditioning.  This course opens its doors to numerous worlds. It was exciting to know about the works of great philosophers and psychologists, listen to crazy ideas, fabulous concepts - initially they all sounded weird to me, but the more I started thinking about them, the more deeper they were. And, last but not the least, this professor is awesome! I would love to take another session with Professor Bloom. I love his style, and voice modulation techniques. Classy experience!
This was an interesting and worthwhile course for anyone who wants an easy-to-understand, basic overview on the subjects included under the umbrella of psychology. I found the lecturer to be knowledgeable and interesting and the lectures were presented well. I learnt some things I didn't know about psychology before such as how memory works and how different types of mental disorders manifest and the different methods of treating mental disorders. The course covers the history of psychology, child development & language, memory & cognition, the evolution of emotion, variations in personality & intelligence between individuals, mental illness and finally happiness.
Professor Bloom was so engaging not because he looked like a cartoon for the most part but he made the content easily digestible to everyone.   There are times I would run two weeks worth of lecture in one sitting because I cant wait for the next.   Very good format and I learned quite a lot.  In terms of whats next?  It made it easier for me to decide to take up masters in psychology ( I dont know when though).  I started this course pre Covid19 and ending it still during lockdown in the Philippines.  As mentioned during the last part of the course, happiness is relative.  Im very happy to complete this course regardless of our situation,  Keep it up and thanks!
Being a medical student, knowing that I'll have to deal with all sorts of patients in the future, made me realize that I'll need more than medical skills in order to succeed in my domain and provide the best healthcare experience t my patients. I was lucky enough to find this course by Professor Paul Bloom. Personally, I think this is the most complete course to introduce you to psychology. Pr. Bloom gave an overall view on psychology that will help you, by the end of the course, to talk about so many subjects you weren't aware of before. Huge thanks to Pr.Bloom, Yale university and Coursera for providing this amazing experience and journey.
I am someone very found in psychology by never had the chance to study it as a complete, standalone, concrete course, so when I discovered it was offered by the University of Yale, I jumped on the opportunity as if it was the last hazelnut on planet Earth & the course delivered a wealth of information accompanied with real-life experiments done by psychologists throughout history, which further alleviated the drive within me all the more to dive even more in-depth into the world of psychology more profoundly, more articulately & more professionally.
Thank you University of Yale, thank you Prof. Dr. Paul.
Sincerely,
Emmanuel Ghali (Mano).
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. I have an engineering backgound but am very interested in this topic. I would have definitely taken IntroPsych  if I was offered it in school.I have followed Professor Bloom's Introduction to Psychology (PSYC 110) on youtube. So when I saw there was a course on Coursera, I wanted to take it.Though the topics were familiar, I did not find the content repetitive from his earlier lectures.I do have to say I would have preferred a video format of watching the professor speak instead of distracting animations as he has a passion for the subject and there is Transference. :DVery well designed course.
Prof. Paul Bloom has Good voice tone , He goes with Good flow and medium speed as Psychology requires us to think in that particular concept"until if we are not thanking the concerned person it doesn't mean that we thanked the Almighty Allah" which is said by Prophet Muhammadh (sal).So I sincerely thank My Teacher Prof. Paul Bloom, Yale University, Coursera Officials ,My management and all other related persons for giving me an opportunity to undergo this course in an easier way.

Zasaakallahu Hairah(Let God gives u the best) I Pray to the Almighty Allah to  all the related persons from top to bottom to get success in both the world.
For me that coming from non social/psychology background this course is pretty comprehensive very well taught. Personally I have an interest in psyschology and after this course I wish that I can use what have been thought in this course in my professional and personal living. Thank you so much, Professor Paul! A bit of shame that the time required for readings is not accurate and takes me much more than the mere 10 minutes indicated each week. I wish that in the future another languange subtitle is added, adjusting with the most participant, I found some difficulties with the languange because I'm not from english speaking country.
I have enjoyed the fact that we as learners are not just looking at a Keynote presentation. There is an animated Professor Bloom, and other animated people or objects when he elaborates certain topics with examples, which are quite captivating in terms of attention, along with the videos shown during the lectures. In addition, I believe that the topics presented are on point, and not drawn out. I also enjoy the opportunity for a learner to have access to the reading material regarding the topics discussed, at the end of each lecture. Overall, I would recommend the course to everyone else who are interested in psychology like myself.
This course provided me with all what I wanted to know about the general knowledge on Psychology. The content are well organized and professionally presented both in video and reading articles. I appreciate the opportunity to learn this course on Coursera and get access to the very distinguished ideas from the professor(s) from Yale University and other univeristies and research centers. In general, it worth all my efforts and time to take this course. My completion of the course in turn makes me more confident and inspires me to learn more about the subject and encourages me to keep learning in the future. Thank you very much.
I have always liked to think like a psychologist or much like a philosopher; getting deep into thoughts and finding the root cause of the emotions. But most of the times everything I could analyse was just intuitive and I couldn't name them or explain them in words. This course is just rightly designed that it has helped me to decode my thoughts into more expressable forms of language. I have always been a psychologist but only for myself (just kidding). And of course, it's a well designed course with interactive lectures. It will really make you want to keep learning more and more. TBH, I have completed this course in 4 days.
The course was great. Reading the suggested text between modules helped it to stick in my mind.Observations, which I hope are helpful:a. The drop down figures during videos sometimes obscured text, especially if you save them as Notes.b. Saving Notes on Videos was extremely helpful but you never know when the particular screen-shot will end..tricky. My suggestion would be to have a Slider under each Video so you know when it contains all the Text and you can save it as a Note.The Professor was great and with a marvelously calming voice, which is very helpful bearing in mind some of the delicate Topics that are covered.
This course was my first course on Coursera and I really learnt a lot from this. It was a new experience to me because at first I was surprised to see professor Bloom was not in the lecture for real and it didn't take a long time to me to get used to the graphics and I think graphics made  the lecture series more interesting.  At  the beginning I read most of the reviews to get an idea about the course and there were both positive and negative ones. It is okay to read them but never depend on someone's review. Instead trust yourself and study well. Thank you Professor Bloom, Couesrea and COL for this opportunity.
I really enjoyed this course.  It provided me with a great base for psychology.  I feel as though I will be very prepared for taking any psychology course in college.  I loved learning about the parts of the brain and the ways they affect psychological disorders.  Dr. Bloom did a wonderful job explaining the many concepts of this course, and I would definitely encourage those who are interested in pursuing a career in psychology to take this course.  It was efficient in teaching important topics in psychology, and it was very easy to navigate the course and refer back to past videos and quizzes!~ Kelsey Crawford
This course is quite comprehensive and interesting introduction to Psychology. Perhaps Psychology majors can validate it better, but personally I found this course covering more areas as compared to any other Psych 101 courses out there. Teaching style of the instructor is quite conducive, light-hearted & fun. One thing I liked the most is he isn't afraid to present his honest personal opinions in debatable issues thus providing a personal touch & open nature to the course. Only caveats I found were that some areas seemed rushed through and the animation/sound effects sometimes become unnecessarily unsettling.
One of the best courses I have taken on Coursera. I'm completely new to psychology, and find the course material very interesting. I love the way that the videos were made (so that there is actually visual context instead of just me sitting in front of the screen and staring at the professor's face). The course was briliantly designed to cover many important topics in psychology, albeit not to a considerable depth. It's ideal for people who're looking to get a general idea of what psychology is all about. The professor also teaches in a very engaging manner, using captivating examples throughout the course.
I enjoyed this course very much. I haven't studied like this in years after college, and it gave me such satisfaction to learn something new. Although we learn via an online platform, I felt the kindness of the professor and it felt like he was always there to encourage me. The course is well organized and thought-through. I loved how I could take it at my own pace. I am not an English speaker, so it helped me that I could have subtitles and lectures that I could watch and listen to again and again. I am looking forward to applying what I've learned in this course to my life and work. Thank you!
First of all thank you Prof Bloom, for this course and taking us three the vast field off psychology. I had earlier done two coursera online courses pertaining to psychology (social psychology and psychology at the work place). This course laid the foundation of the frame of Psychology. I have learnt a lot and also learnt there is so much to discover and as we discover more am sure we would learn that we may have ways to unleash our potential be able to contribute to not only being a better person but subtly influence immediate environment and adding to better life and living...Thank you again!
Very interesting and rich subject,  educative and intellectual. I believe every one of us needs to study it and apply these different psychoanalysis information in the course to their daily lives, whether at home, or with colleagues at work. The course will enrich our knowledge and  awareness when we communicate with our children, friends and neighbors and fellow colleagues at work.  The subject made me question myself about where prejudice and racism in some counties, as well as, believes and habits we adopt and demonstrate at times without questioning ourselves how it could affect others.
This Introduction to Psychology has been one of the most accurate and fastest courses I have ever been in touch with. I found many topics which I consider to be the basis of psychology, and which I would have like to study at school, as they are pretty easy to understand. For those like me, who are from non-English speaking countries, will probably find a little bit challenging to understand this professor, as he speaks fast and plossive sounds are not so clear (proper of American English). I strongly suggest people to take some of their time to do this course because it totally worths it.
I have been out of school of any sort for over 30 years and had concerns about my ability to keep up. I picked a class where I had an interest in the subject matter and dived in. The class was absolutely fantastic! Interesting, informative, comprehensive. I had some initial reservations about the animation (as opposed to just seeing the prof in a classroom setting) but I think it added tremendously. Kept the seminars entertaining and the pace steady. Highly recommend this class. If I have any complaint it’s that the certificate could be more attractive since it’s going on my pegboard!
It was my 14-year old son who took this course using my account. Psychology is one of the degrees that he is interested in pursuing when he goes to university. Thank you for making Introduction to Psychology available. My son said that he enjoyed the course and that it has increased his interest in this field. Proof of that is that he would talk about what he learned over lunch or dinner with the rest of the family resulting in lively discussions about subjects as diverse as racism and happiness.  Again, thank you for feeding a thirsty young mind and making online learning enjoyable.
The course is so comprehensive it has nothing to envy to other undergraduate courses in the field, and it is definitely worth purchasing the certificate whether you're just curious or you're pursuing further studies in psychology. The lectures cover difficult core areas of psychology such as cognition without dumbing down the contents --something professor Bloom does like no other-- and the Noba readings have been such an incredible discovery; wonderful, undergraduate level, and above all, free material. All in all, a fully insightful experience. Thank you very much indeed.
I felt the course was really engaging and well thought out. I felt like i was actually in a virtual classroom having Professor Bloom speak to me directly. It gave me a good insight into the world of psychology and although i don't plan on pursuing this as a career its giving me a good foundation of knowledge i can use in my life. Lectures were very informative and suited a range of learning styles with illustrations and external video clips throughout the lectures. I would have liked more questions at the end of each topic but overall i was really happy with this course.
This is a first time for me doing an online course and I have alot of health issues and low attention span  but with this course I'm proud to say I passed! Thank you for such a rewarding experience, your videos were short enough and engaging with the animations to keep my attention. There were alot of relevant resources that were also very informative that enhanced the reading knowledge. With the way this course was set up it was fairly easy for me to get through and understand and I will be continuing on with other courses. Thanks for the self-esteem boost I so needed!
It is one of the best online course I've completed so far! I really liked the way how Prof. Bloom introduced the complex topics in a way that made them look very easy. This also allowed me to comprehend the topics more easily and encouraged me to pursue more readings in the topics. Throughout the course, I kept sharing with my friends the interesting and somehow surprising findings I learnt in this course. I really enjoyed my time and can definitely recommend this course for those who are new to Psychology and want to take their first steps into this field of science.
I am 57 y/o. Single/divorced mom of three professionals, whom graduated with no student loans.  After graduating from HS I took an executive secretarial course (1982) and a cosmetology school 1999. Never took a college class. Always thought I didn’t have the time or was not smart enough. I developed an interest in psychology and human behavior from my own desires to prosper, suppressed cultural and/or family beliefs and feelings , fears and relationships. I am very grateful to Yale University and of course Professor Bloom!  I am super happy I completed this course!!
I enrolled in this course after watching Prof. Bloom's class videos on youtube, and I must say I am not disappointed. This course provides a solid introduction on Psychology, for those who are simply interested in the topic and also for those considering to pursue further studies on the field. Video lectures are fresh and engaging, and Prof. Bloom's enthusiasm is contagious. Further readings are provided in case you'd like to go deeper into the topics (like me!). Thank you very much for offering this course, I hope someday we can have part 2 for advanced learners!
Great course for getting a clear, broad understanding of various topics of psychology. Helped me to better understand the various areas of psychology, history and development of psychology, and theories and practices of treatment in the field, as well as areas that are still being studied and not fully  understood. The lectures were interesting, and the videos broken into several shorter segments, making it easier to get through them. The readings were simple and easy to read, yet very informative, much easier to get through than a typical school textbook.
Professor Bloom continually provides you with pertinent questions to keep in mind as you work through this course. I found the lectures extremely interesting although being an introductory course I craved a little more depth in some topics which were merely touched on. Some of the readings were rather repetitive and could be tedious to get through, but the use of ted talks and other materials were outstanding. Would definitely recommend to someone look for some broad strokes and to figure out what specific parts of psychology real appeal to you personally.
I found this course to be highly educational and useful for anyone who is interested in the field of psychology, such as myself. The entirety of the course provided very detailed information and resources for a large variety of topics, all of which were presented in an interesting way. Although Professor Bloom’s voice was a bit bland, the good points heavily outweigh the bad. All in all, I would absolutely recommend this course to anyone interested in the field of psychology, and I believe that it deserved every one of the 5 stars that I rated it.
This course was very easy to follow along with.  I treated it like my previous on campus courses and took many notes and was able to do well.  I recommend this course and will say I would definitely take notes just to have to reflect on later on.  I learned some new things and refreshed others from previous courses I have taken prior.  The visuals and captions are helpful in most cases.  All around just a great course if you want to start in psychology, refresh some previous knowledge, or just need a psychology course for what you are studying.
Professor Bloom is just great! It has been a sheer delight and honor taking this course. Increased my interest in Psychology by leaps and bounds.

Thank you very much Professor Bloom for your precious time and insights. 
It has been a thorough delight and enlightening coursework. I enjoyed the course so much that I wish and hope that I could work with Professor Bloom on some project, some day, hopefully.

Thanks & Regards,

Meeta Arora
India.
(aromeeta@gmail.com)Thank you Course Era for this wonderful opportunity. I am sincerely grateful.
I love it! Get to know more about Psychology, interesting and mystery. Nowadays, so many peoples who has mental illness but they do not even aware or help themselves, therefore, even though there has so many difficult and professional wording in this lecture of Psychology, I still want to know more, hopefully I can help others one day. The lecture is good and knowledgeable, however it will be more easy to understand if it can have some supporting example on how to apply to our daily life and experiment shown. Thank you Professor Bloom!
I have to give the highest rating to this course, because not only did it give me a great introduction to psychology, it has provided a springboard for further study and investigation. On a personal level, I was able to come to understand some thing about me too, which I found surprising and somewhat rewarding.Initially I found the "animation" style of lecture delivery strange, but as I stuck to it, I began to enjoy it and found that it really helped with the process of embedding new ideas and concepts. All in all a great experience.
I am a choreographer specialising in the art form of Tanztheater, which is a German art form of merging Dance and Theatre. I consider the approach to my work quite psychological therefore I was interested to get a scientific context to my otherwise just self-controlled general thinking I do during rehearsals or in preparations. And I can honestly say that this course has provided this context wonderfully. Professor Bloom did a wonderful job in delivering a meaningful and non pretentious course. I really enjoyed it and learned a lot!
I feel so blessed that I got to do this course. It has lectures of really knowledgable professor with absolutely relevant material and the quizzes kept me motivated to finish milestones and set for completion. I finished this course before the timeline, despite dealing with office work and managing my kid an family. I am so happy that I have now added the skill and knowledge that I was thinking for long to achieve. I am a finance professional and now have the foundational knowledge to build my career in psychology as well.
I came to learn the basics of psychology and to be honest I think this course way over-provides - that is a positive aspect.The videos are not dull and drone but engaging and valid to the subject.The additional reading material that is provided gives a greater insight into the subject taught and is beneficial to gain a better, and a more wholesome, understanding.I enjoyed this course, took plenty of notes and will be a point of reference for the future.Thank you Professor Bloom for taking the time and making the effort!
Much more informative than my Psychology class in high-school. I enjoyed the fact that it also covers the physiology of the brain, to some extent. Having video, audio and a transcript to follow at the same time was really helpful, even if the transcript, very rarely, did have some inaccuracies. I found, however, that the readings took much longer than the indicated time minutes (at least for me. but I also stopped to take notes). I enjoyed the flexible schedule, but I did spend a few weekends in-doors trying to keep up!
Já havia feito algumas disciplinas de Psicologia nos Cursos de Direito e Pedagogia da Universidade do Estado da Bahia - UNEB aqui em Salvador, Bahia, Brazil. Avalio com Excelente este Curso de Introdução à Psicologia da Yale, através da Plataforma Educacional Coursera.I had already taken some Psychology courses in the Law and Pedagogy Courses at the State University of Bahia - UNEB here in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil. I rate this Yale Psychology Introduction Course with Excellent through the Coursera Educational Platform.
-original presentation of material (animation makes it easier to learn the material)-actual problems-talented tuition-stunning psychological experiments (even some of my friends from the United States were not familiar with the material, they are psychology students)-useful and practice-oriented information-first-class recommended literature+ more than other 100 reasons why I like this courseYour lectures are an intellectual pleasure for me. Many thanks for this lovely present! I appreciate your professionalism.
The best course I've found so far on Coursera. The lectures are clear, interesting and well-structured, and professor Bloom successfully makes the subject engaging and understandable for people who do not have a background in Psychology. The visual aids and the cartoon-style of the lectures really helped me to better understand and remember the concepts explained as watching engaging visuals, rather than just a professor talking, helped concentrate on the topics discussed. Thank you for a great course!
I found the course very well-structured, interesting and relevant. The pace was adequate and the additional reading filled the gaps where I was wanting more. I had some knowledge already so I did not have to study too much to pass the exams, but I gained a lot of new insights from the reading and the sorces quoted in the reading. Can fully recommend. I did this class during lockdown due to COVID-19 and it gave me a sense of fulfillment that is hard to obtain due to the restrictions in place. Thank you.
I want to thank Dr. Bloom. You're such an inspiration to me, as a professional and as a person. I'm so happy that i finally finished this course. I thought i couldn't make it, but at the end everything was worth it. I'm from Brazil, taking this course pushed me to my limit. English is my second language and I thought I was good enough, but I was wrong. I improved my English during this course and I am very grateful. I've learned so much! About myself, about others... I am very, very happy... Thank you!
I cannot express how lucky I feel to have stumbled across these courses - a random event triggered by covid, of all things. Professor Bloom is so engaging, that it is frustrating to only have two courses I can take online with him! I completed Moralities of Everyday Life, then completed this course, and both were so inspiring and thought-provoking. I am next enrolling in courses on schizophrenia and effective altruism, through different universities, but largely inspired by Professor Bloom's courses.
Personally, I've always been interested in learning Psychology and this course was very informative and the lectures were simple and brought out with clear indications of examples and reference readings that have helped me understand the several topics in psychology.I enjoyed this course truly and I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in Psychology...Your time will be used up well and not forgetting the course itself has made me realize that I would really want to major in philosophy.
I didn't expect much from this course at the beginning but it wow me in the end. I've thought psychology is something that we can understand how others think and able to explain their behavior. But this course is much more than that. It helps to understand myself and from that, understand others. Honestly, this is a long and difficult course. But the final result pay off every minute you spent. I love it and highly recommended it to everyone who wants to get the basic (and more) about psychology.
Really enjoyable and great to find areas you can dive into deeper. I was super excited to discover Jaak Panksepp and evolutionary/affective psychology. (That's personality emerging from emotions and why many animals, like us, also have personality).On the improvement side - Why no reference to Jung?  Many people would have heard of him over Skinner as the second big name. And it would be good to be clear from the start on the differences between psychology and psychiatry and issues between them.
I am VERY happy with this course. I learned a great amount, and a lot of it is something I can take with me in my daily life. I recommend this course for anybody, not just people who may pursue a psychology degree! We need to understand things like personalities, mental illnesses, and happiness to better interact with our fellow human beings! Thank you Paul Bloom for introducing key aspects and points, and for conveying it in such a straight forward manner. I hope our paths will cross some day.
This course acted as the first step in leading me ahead in the journey of Psychology. The animated classes along with the use of perfect examples for each and every topic were amazing. Though I would like to recommend to increase the length of this course to incorporate more explanations and connecting points for all the topics which would really make this a wholesome course. Besides, I enjoyed this course very much and would love to ask others to do enroll and embark on this beautiful journey.
A well organized course, with amazing material and content. The professor carries the lectures in such a manner that intrigues us and makes us want to know more. The best part is the additional readings at the end of each lecture which give us more useful information that is relevant and understandable. This course is good for anyone who is interested and willing to know about the basics of Psychology. Big thanks to Professor Bloom and the team at Yale University for this really good course.
I found this course to be very interesting and engaging. The materials and topics were presented perfectly and I think I reached a high basic level understanding of all the topics we covered. It was interesting to learn about the parts of psychology that are visible and applicable to daily life, but also the parts of psychology that remain undiscussed. Overall, I really liked how this course was taught and presented, and  was fascinated by almost all of the topics covered in this course!!
Excellent professor, engaging method and high-quality of information. I had already graduated in Psychology prior to taking this course (which was meant as a self-motivated refreshment of my knowledge of the field) and I can definitely recommend it to people who are curious and interested yet hesitating in taking the full-course at some point. It's a great "first contact" with what we deal with in this fantastic field of science. Congratulations to Yale and Prof. Bloom on the achievement!
This course is amazing, and when I finished it I felt so proud of the psychological knowledge journey I went through. It explores so many aspects of this field and talks about the psychology of a wide population of humanity like children and teens, rich and poor people, etc. It made me feel very thoughtful and I am so grateful that I made the decision of taking this course because even if you are not seeking a career in psychology, you will use this knowledge in your personal daily life.
I really enjoyed this course. Professor Bloom did a great job presenting the information in a way that was easy to follow. I thought the cartoons made the videos very engaging. I think this course provided me with a good foundation of psychology that I can expand on. This is my favorite course that I have taken on this site and I will definitely recommend it to others. I think using this course to have a better understanding of psychology can be beneficial in any career path you choose.
The course is a very beautiful one with an out-rightly well thought display of knowledge, clear explanations and very beneficial to me. as a matter of fact i found beauty in its complexity, a notion that lingered in my mind the whole time i studied henceforth deeming it very interesting and a perfect choice for during these  times. no doubt it has added a new scope of knowledge to my understanding and hiked my interest in psychology and the unfolding of humanity back from its history.
I feel that I learned a lot of useful tools that I could also apply in my day-to-day life, as well as if I'd like to pursue a career in psychology. I was always passionate about psychology and it felt natural for me to analyze facts and ask myself complicated questions, but I never studied psychology in depth. However, now I am thinking more seriously to get involved in psychological research and in providing psychological help to other people , especially after taking this course.
Outstanding course! Paul delivered a terrific lecture and has an outstanding style. Thanks for making this available to the general public. The only area that I think he needs to be careful about is the concept of free will. He refers to it once, but I think the context in which he referred to it may subject to a different interpretation. He may want to check with Sam Harris. I would love to hear a podcast between Paul and Sam where they debate the concept of free will. Thanks!
It is a comprehensive guide to anyone who finds psychology interesting but doesn't know where to start. It introduces the learner to variety of new topics. Excellent supplementary material available for reading. If you are a student who finds psychology interesting and are not sure if they want to major in psychology this is the perfect course for you to help make that decision. The videos are very engaging and ignite curiosity to know more about a given experiment or idea
As a high school student, I'm a bit limited when it comes to studying psychology through school. Taking this course allowed me to delve into psychology while developing basic understanding and appreciation for the field. If you think you will be. bored taking an online course, Professor Bloom is a talented and engaging speaker and his lectures coincided very well with the graphics presented on the screen, so please don't worry. I am so glad I decided to take this course!!
This was probably one of the most interesting, interactive and fun course I have ever had. The animations make every lesson fun and much much clearer than they would have been if it was just professor Bloom speaking in front of the cameras with a bunch of slides on the side. I recommend it HIGHLY! Thank you Professor Bloom for the lightness of the tone, the striking examples and the NBA free references!! And thank you dear Illustrator for such a beautifully executed work!
I feel more complete with the understanding of the human mind. I am also a Life Coach and it has made it easier to deal with the identification of the tendencies a client has and understand the reasons behind. Also, it is perfectly complementary with the Science of Well-Being course. Great opportunity and I am grateful that such great teacher form Yale took the time to create such amazing courses also for those not able to pay or to go to the Yale University. Thank you!
I took this same course on Academic Earth 10 years ago and benefited from many insights due to that experience.  This was review for me but I was pleased that the lectures had been updated with recent recearch.  I appreciate the interactive quizzes as they help to remember the material, I just wish there were more optional supplementary questions as well.  Professor Bloom is an infectious lecturer and I'll be looking for more courses from him like this in the future.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course as I had not taken a  basic Psychology course before.  I found the material fascinating,  the lectures stimulating and motivating and overall I consider Professor  Paul Bloom to be a fantastic teacher ! I graciously thank him for this course! Finally I  would like to say that  as an auditor, I can honestly say that it is a wonderful way to pass the winter months in learning something that inspires one and encourages one to study more!
This course touched upon many of the topics that I have been curious about and discussed socially in a very structured format. Many of the topics presented and the optional readings reinforced the concepts taught that I feel confident that I can provide insights to others on these topics. It has also further enlightened me on my thoughts and behaviors as well as the people around me. I truly enjoyed and am grateful for the knowledge that I obtained from this course!
It's a great course if you want to under psychology as a field and what all it deals with. Of course, it's not going to give you in-depth knowledge about everything because that's too vast to be done, but it does a pretty impressive job at piquing your interest by making the most of the limited time. The Professor is absolutely amazing- not only does he know what he's talking about but he explains everything from different view points and is very open to new ideas.
An excellent course to get introduced to the most important part of the basics of Psychology! The lecturer is grasping my attention! The illustrations, sources, external materials and graphics make the lessons not only more attractive but also more clear and understandable! I would suggest this course to anyone being interested in Psychology, even for first year students! The information presented are also part of every good "Introduction to Psychology" study book!
This course has been a great experience! The course is sectioned out into separate topics that provide interesting information and flow into the next topic. Professor Bloom does a great job of explaining interesting and complex topics in a way that is easily understood but doesn’t feel watered down so it is easily understood. The animation and video style is great for those who learn best through visual learning. The course definitely deserves a five-star rating.
A fantastic medley content that examines a range of issues & implications of psychology.  The narration is smooth and his vocabulary easy to comprehend. This course easily unravels a lot of layers and can help you to ask yourself some critical questions - do you wish to pursue an academic or a professional career in this field? Does the brain fascinate you or the social/medical ailments? After this course, you will be begin to see the path that you should take.
Great course! I first saw it in the app from Apple for studying. It was free, but there were video lectures lasting for 1 hour each (or more). I was sure I wouldn't have the time and persistence to watch all of them. So, when I was given access to Coursera from my university and came across this course, I was more than happy to see that its format is changed. Funny drawings and visual aid were great but I appreciate short video lectures even more! Thank you!
This course was absolutely amazing! It has exceeded all my expectations for sure. I am currently studying psychology as one of my A-level subjects and hope to continue studying psychology in uni. This course was a great opportunity for me to learn about the different aspects of psychology that is not in my a level course, therefore prepping me for uni, but also reinforcing the content I have learnt in my college to. This course was definitely worth doing!
My experience with Coursera's Introduction to Psychology was truly outstanding and fabulous. I have acquired a lot of knowledge and an ample amount of understanding of the human mind. I'm certain that this course will come to me arsenal in times of adversities and needs.                                                                                Thanking You,                                                                             Rahul Dutta Roy
great course that offers an introduction into core topics of psychology. However, I disagree with some of the perspectives offered in the class. Especially in the nature vs nurture debate. Upbringing has a significant effect. If they don't find that in studies, maybe they should use a different method or setup rather than go around and basically tell parents that it doesn't matter how (or wether) you raise your kids. Seems like an irresponsible stance
I came to this course expecting it to be useful for my profession. I am not sure if it was and I am not yet sure how to practically apply it to my job, however, I enjoyed it immensely. Paul Bloom just has a way of lecturing that will capture your attention and enjoy whatever subject he is talking about. Also, he appears to be extremely humble in his career, which I greatly appreciate and allows me to trust in his work in this course. Highly recommend!
It's a pleasure to study with such interesting and fascinating lectures by Professor Bloom and exciting animation! The additional literature is very interesting and informative. I took this course to begin my way in psychology and neuroscience and it's very inspiring to continue! At the same time I learn English, so it's kinda difficult to me to understand the material in 100%, but that didn't prevent me from successfully passing the first test.
Incredible course with an even better teacher. Professor Bloom explained all aspects and perspectives of psychology perfectly and definitely worthy of praise. It was also personally very helpful to understand people, the origins of emotions, why people behave the way they do, mental illnesses and to some extent social engineering as well. Would definitely recommend among all other available courses on this platform corresponding to psychology.
Definitely recommend it to everyone, who is interested in Psychology.The best course for introduction to the field of psychology. Excellently structured. Brilliant examples, case studies and thoughts shared. As a person with no background but lot of interest in this field, I can say I kick started at the best place possible. On a personal note, became a huge fan of Paul Bloom. Will go through his works and ensure to catch up to it, till date.
I joined this course for the purpose of understanding my own feelings. As you age and grow older, you are influenced by so many factors in your life that make you confused with your own thoughts, purposes, and feelings.  This course not only helped me understand how the brain affects the mental state of life but also touched on many areas which were a bonus for me. I would like to thank Coursera and Professor Bloom for this great opportunity.
Absolutely wonderful course. The professor is extremely engaging and clearly very passionate about the topic.  I have gained a great deal from participation in this course and would implore anyone who is unsure as to wether they should enrol on this course or not, to do so, you will not regret it! fantastic course! has really opened my eyes and introduced me to the world of Psychology and has peaked my interest in studying this topic further.
A perfect Introduction to Psychology.  The lecturer shared his passion for the field through his videos and awesome perceptions and interpretations of scholars of psychology. I loved how he related it to real life situations that we face everyday which made the concepts easy to understand and to adapt at work.  I would highly recommend this course to any person in Leadership roles as well as those who have a passion for the human mind.+3
While I did have some complaints outlined in the exit survey (I'd prefer single lecture videos rather than multiple mini-lecture videos, and more challenging quizzes), I found this class to be fascinating. I now have a keen, excited interest in psychology that I never would have expected to have. I found the professor to be extremely understandable and engaging, and the animated videos we both entertaining and helped keep my focus sharp.
This has been the course with the most open approach I have taken. Professor Bloom explains in a very delicate way that someone who has no previous experience with psychology can understand. I was curious about the subject but as it was advancing, I became even more intrigued about the many different approaches and subjects one can study in psychology. Thank you for sharing your knowledge and time and for inspiring me to keep learning.
I found this course very useful to know more about the mind and its functioning, though it remains a deep ocean to unravel. Prof. Paul Bloom delivered the course in an excellent manner and it is very important to get conceptual clarity in a subject like this. And the course ends with reference to humility (we know very little about mind) and optimism (but we are using scientific means to understand mind and we are on the right path).
I found Professor Bloom to be wonderful at describing abstract ideas using modern and simple examples. The lectures are my favorite part of the course because I am a visual learner I found his explanations coupled with the animations to be quite powerful. The best way to take this course is to really think of it as a course you are enrolled in and take notes and read the recommended reading etc.Can't recommend this one highly enough.
Well designed course covering the introduction of psychology. I have learned the overview of what psychology is and the different field/areas of the subject. The lecture was easy to understand - a great professor! The materials (videos, reading materials, transcripts, etc) were all well designed/presented to help understand what are being taught. I very much enjoyed the class and learned a lot through this course. Very happy with it!
Leave aside the comprehensive foundation of psychology provided by the Professor and the dedicated staffs , I think I have learned more than what I expected from the course (things that I thought I know turn out that I do not know it accurately :) and especially the very fine reading references). In addition, my PERMA results after completing the course is more positive than the first one, and that makes me quite excited. Thank you!
I profoundly enjoyed the course. Professor Bloom's explanations are clear, examples interesting, and delivery engaging. Over the course of just a few hours of lectures, he offers a great foundation for anyone interested in the field of psychology, gives a comprehensive overview of different areas of research and schools of thought, and points towards some great resources. Thank you for putting together such a wonderful course.
As someone who has always wanted to dip a toe into the field of Psychology, this course provides students with interesting information, insightful examples and the regular testing ensures that the learners understand the contents of the course. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and would highly recommend it. From Freud and Skinner to Happiness and "The Good Life", this course builds a strong foundation for all of it's students.
Really interesting! I was surprised that the videos were so amusing and provided such a clear overview of the topics at stake. Though only providing with a glimpse into the world of psychology, this course summarizes all of its basic notions and make students capable of exploring concepts further. Overall, I had great fun taking this course and I feel my knowledge with regards to this research field has increased greatly.
It's the perfect way to know a generalized view of Psychology, I loved it! Some day I want to be a Psychologist and this course truly reinforced that feeling, also, it helped me learn a lot more about some topics I have already studied a bit before and I learned so much new stuff, so, I think that for someone who doesn't know much, if they're willing to soak in all the information here given, it's a great introduction.
I absolutely loved this course, and I have gained so much from it - thank you especially to Prof Paul Bloom for making the content so compelling and interesting throughout.  I now intent to do the course a second time to really cement what I have learned and also catch what I have probably missed(!). A truly excellent experience all round - thanks in abundance for making such quality learning available to the World!
I enjoyed every detail of this course. It was like finding oasis in the desert. I recommend it to anyone who has a tiny or big interest on how our mind works. Thank you coursera for introducing me Paul Bloom and this class. It made my day, week-year. It was really awesome experience in this COVID period. I appreicate the knowledge that i been learnt i am looking forward to use and adapt to them. cheers to all. ece
This course is very funny and well prepared. Every enlightened mind I appreciated in these years such us Noam Chomsky, Oliver Sacks, Richard Dawkins, John Milton and why not some fictional character like Batman are quoted here.

How it works our brain? why we are different? how groups work? what is the happiness? there is a scientific approach to these question? I'm really prudent to say yes to the last question.
Good course for introduction to Psychology. Good justice to varied topics covered. Readings at the end of each module were of high quality and link to further readings were really good. The only comment for improvement is time required to read were far more than it stated which is misleading if you are planning time management to finish this course. It takes more effort to complete the course but it is worth it.
I found myself talking about many psychological aspects of life with peers since the course has started, and I felt I do have more knowledge on these topics, which was my aim in joining the course! We covered a lot of ground and I now want to expand my knowledge on each subject individually. The order, clarity, animations and content of the course are all extremely thought out and very well executed! Thank you
This course is an absolute must for anyone that wants to better understand yourself the world around you or just get into general psychology.The lecturer delivers every class with a high level of professionalism, I got easily drawn into every class and discovered so much not just about the brain and behaviors, but my world was opened to a new science and a respect and admiration for the beauty it had to offer.
Far more than I expected, it is a complete course that explores different viewa and theories explained as clear as water. As a negotiator I just needed to reviewed some topics and investiagate a bit more, is easily a course for everyone who wants to learn a bit more about our mental processes and how scientifics are exploring and taking insights from our beautiful and useful brains. Thank your for this course.
This is truly a great course that gives one an extensive introduction to the field. I was pretty new to the field and I feel like I have gotten a solid basis. The videos are great quality with lovely storytelling and the additional readings are very informative. Do note that while the reading material is supposed to take 10 minutes each week, it will take much more time if you want to actually read all of it.
This is a fantastic overview of the foundations of psychology. It introduced me to many concepts of which I was unaware. More importantly, it gave me a broad spectrum of the many different areas of psychological study that I may be interested in pursuing. Paul Blooms lectures are fantastic and the reading is wonderful. I highly recommend this class to anyone interested in a quality introduction to the field.
What a great learning experience.  I did this course having no prior education on this topic and was eager to learn about what was being taught.  Prof Bloom was easy to listen to and the videos were quite engaging.  The additional reading material was excellent!  Self analyses were also a nice touch - as I often wondered if I was at all normal.  I will recommend to my friends and colleagues that they try it.
Considering that I am novice in the field of psychology, this introduction course helped me to open and widen the way I see the people and world around me. Prof Bloom had very interesting lectures, combined with videos, experiments, comparisons, everything with the aim to be easily absorbed. For anyone just starting to study psychology, this course would be a great stepping stone in to the mystery of brain.
This is a fabulous course in Psychology. I loved the it has been designed and conducted by Prof. Bloom. All the Psychology concepts are explained in a very simple way. This is very exhaustive course in understanding the basics of Psychology. It has definitely helped me in better understanding of its concepts. Thank you Prof. Bloom and Yale University for providing such a beautiful course.Praveen SharmaIndia
It had been a good three wks or so to for me sit down and listen to Mr Paul Bloom explaining and guiding this course , Introduction To Psychology. Through out the course, he had provide some though on the interesting subject Human Brain and the Language. End of each week, a reading and reference are also provide for refer. But i think little if not some of those course can be use to further improve my self.
If you want to learn precisely what Psychology is all about, there can't be anything better than this course. Professor Bloom has an amazing style of narrating his lectures and it keeps your engaged. Each lesson has something new to learn and it followed by quiz based assignment. As a designer I wanted to know if studying psychology would help me in some way, and after completing this course I am convinced.
The lecturer, Paul Bloom was incredibly interesting, interactive and knowledgeable.  I so enjoyed listening to him and to his wise observations about the world we live in and how we tend to perceive the world. I feel that I have gained a whole new view on the way human beings behave. I definitely want to pursue a career along the lines of psychology in the future. Thank you so much Paul Bloom and Coursera!
Professor Bloom, I have done many online courses, but this was one of the best, even for a person who wasn't really interested in the topic.I liked the presentation animations, your summaries, your examples, and seeking students to answer questions at the end of each week. I appreciate the amount of effort and consideration which went into your videos and topics and contents. A great overview of the field.
Professor Bloom classes were remarkable and really cool! His lectures were never boring and he maintained the life within each and every topic though psychology is kind of dry subject. Assignment's weren't childish ,it really tested our skills on what we heard and observed. On the whole I loved it! Even for those who aren't interested in psychology should experience professor Bloom's fine level of oration.
I loved this course so much! I was really sad when it was over. Each video lecture was well structured and easy to follow (loved the animations!). The professor was engaging, thoughtful, and smart. The readings and outside resources were relevant and interesting. The tests were a good review but not too long or challenging. I feel like I now have a very good foundation of psychology and I learned so much!
I love the way Dr Bloom explains concepts and give examples. His voice is welcoming and never condescending. He delivers scientific theories with a sense of humility that encourages critical thinking. The slides and graphics in this course were huge for me. I am a visual learner and could not have retained the information without the images and sounds. Overall great course, I'm inspired to learn more!
The course was pretty helpful in understanding all concepts especially that those concepts were new to me. The way the course was displayed (through the use of animation) gave the course a sense of dynamism that was helpful to memorize and understand all concepts in the modules. Also the inclusion of videos about experiments and talks was very helpful in understanding the various topics of the course.
Great course from Yale, simply world class and it is great Professor Bloom did not believe much in Freudian theories himself (course a little lengthy and content needs to be reduced to one third for being an 15 hour course perhaps...In depth discussions are good though and provide comprehensive analysis from some scientific perspectives (subject to change with better understanding and developments)
It wraps up lot of fascinating topics as Foundations of Psychology, 
Learning & Memory, Intelligence, Individual and Social Psychology, 
Personal Traits, Mental Health and Illness, and my favourite: PWB 
(Psychology of Well Being). I think it's a clear example about the 
future of learning, with amazing animations during the lectures! EXCELLENT! Congrats to Coursera Yale team and Prof. Paul Bloom!
I found the course to be very informative.  It was a great way to be introduced to Psychology,especially if you know very little about the subject.  I always thought that Psychology was mainly about Mental Illness, but it is way more than that.  I enjoyed the fact that the professor was in Avatar form.  That and the artistry around it was really cool and helped me to remember detail of the course.
I just want to start by talking about professor Bloom, Probably the best teacher of my life. And this course taught me so many new new things, I am having a feeling that I have discovered a universe. Also having a feeling that I should've choosen Psychology as my major instead of Law. Anyways, There is a way to feel happy in every situation, and all is well that ends well, learned from Mr. Bloom.
I found the course highly stimulating and even though I have always worked more in the field of literature, I found that I was able to follow and understand the course. The Professor made it interesting and fairly easy for me to follow. Extremely satisfied with the whole courese and I will certainly try to read some of the books which the Professor has suggested.Very best wishes,Antonietta Barone
This course was phenomenal in introducing us to something-about-everything of psychology.The creative animated method of teaching was effective in delivering seemingly complex theories for non-psychs.Professor Paul Bloom has an amazing cordial energy and wit combined with effective explanation skills.For me,this course has definitely built a strong foundation in vast discipline like psychology.
Very engaging and insightful course. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in exploring various segments in psychology. The best part about the course is how Professor Bloom has used animation which makes even difficult concepts interesting! The external readings and books mentioned in the course are very helpful for providing in depth information about the concepts covered.
This was my first experience taking an online course, and I could not have asked for a better experience.This course has inspired me to dive even deeper into this areas, and hopefully tie them into my next career steps.Professor Bloom's lectures are engaging, clear and provide relevant and comprehensible examples that have made the content covered something I don't think I will ever forget!
This course was very interesting and my first online experience of being or attending a full classroom of people in front of a university professor even if it was just drawings and animation, it made it feel more engaging and interested me. It was my first time thinking about the mind and learning about what makes people unique like how people with disorders are different from others.
Wonderful course. I am very happy I found it, thank you Yale University, Professor Bloom and Coursera for this amazing opportunity. I am a First Year Undergraduate Psychology student, and this course has helped me strenghten some concepts and theories. But the best is, it made me confirm I am in the right path and motivated me to engage more with this field of knowledge and expertise.
I took this course before beginning my undergraduate degree in social sciences. Not only was this excellent preparation, Paul Bloom also made the lessons entertaining and the theories easy to grasp. I would recommend this course to anyone who plans to or is already studying introductory psychology. I frequently refer back to the notes I took for this course to aid my current studies.
This is a great and complete summary of psychological theories and the basics of Psychology. I am a psychologist and this was good for me to refresh some things I had learned already, but also learn new ones that are always interesting and helpful. Very well compressed and outstanding way to explain and present all the information. It was interesting and entertaining on every topic.
Mr. Paul Bloom's course on psychology was filled with interesting facts, something that I will always keep in mind when dealing with life and interacting people. I am highly impressed with his style of teaching. His pace is very smooth and good and it makes it easy for you grasp concepts. Looking forward to taking part in more of his courses. Thank you so much, Professor Paul Bloom!
Great course! Has been my first Coursera course and I had so much fun. I really liked the animated videos and I personally think that Prof. Bloom explains everything very clear and precise. I think he is a great professor and I am happy that he offers this free course here on Coursera. 5 Stars!!! Highly recommend this course if you are looking for a great introduction to Psychology.
The course was excellent, with engaging videos and a good professor. There was information provided on every aspect and field of psychology to give an overview of the topics involved in psychology. There were readings and references given for each part of the topic. I would definitely recommend you this course if you want to get started on Psychology and know very little about it.
As an introduction to Psychology, the material and delivery of the Professor was highly engaging. As a student who starts many things and drops out often due to losing interest or extreme anxiety of being judged or not being able to do amazing work, I am pleased to have finished this course and found it very rewarding and illuminating towards finding the workings of the mind.
Thoroughly enjoyed the entire course, the graphics were simply amazing and charming. The content was really well organized and presented, and I especially liked how more real-life experiences and experiments were taught and talked about in order to understand the main concept. This was certainly a good choice for pursuing my interest in psychology as a beginner. Thank you :)
this course is extremely informative and engaging, specially for me, being a psychology student myself, but the best part is that even for someone who is not studying psychology but wants to explore it, this course is very helpful as it takes all the basics. Professor Paul Bloom is an amazing instructor, and keeps us engaged and makes us want go further with the course.!!
This course is the right place for a Psychology enthusiast to get a boost into this discipline. The course is well structured and compels the learners to put on their thinking caps and analyse scenarios. The possibilities are laid out in front of us to study and understand them individually. It is highly recommended for anyone who wants to learn the basics of Psychology.
Really great course for people looking for psychology as a subject or people who want to know some interesting facts about us as Humans. How we think the way we think, why babies are different, how are behaviors formed and so on. The course provides great value about the common things and why they are so. Recommended for everyone, even if you're into psychology or not.
Professor Bloom is a fantastic professor, he made complex topics easy by giving a lot of examples and showing video material. Furthermore the quiz at the end of each lectrue was doable, not easy but also not impossible to solve. I would recommend this couse to everyone that wants to get a general overview of the field of psychology (and not just clinical psychology)
I recommend this course to everyone who is seeking knowledge abut basics of psychology either for their passion or for their profession. I cant thank Professor Bloom for so painstakingly putting together this course for us. The course is very structured and the interesting visuals make it very easy to understand.  I would have given the course 10 stars if I could..
An absolutely wonderful course and a great insight into the field of psychology. Prof. Paul was also outstanding in explaining each module in a way which can be understood by anyone, and has managed to increase my interest in this field even more. I highly recommend it to those looking to get a glimpse in to the world of the mind and leave the course wanting more.
The teacher was super engaging! I took this class because I am looking to transition into a psychology degree and wanted to try a sample course. I ended up doing the entire course in about 2 weeks because I just enjoyed it so much. I loved the variety of topics, and how modern the courseload was. It was also clearly made for online learning. Really recommend it!
the most pleasant and wonderful memory of this course was the narrators VOICE.Listening to Prof Paul Bloom for the last  6 weeks - his teaching style - his explanations - the way he translates the concepts to the class leaves a memory of happiness in my mind. I would like to engage in more courses under his leadership.Ro South Africa  University of Johannesburg
What an amazing course! i completed it over a month, and I have learned so much. this course has given me a different perspective on life, and the subject itself is utterly fascinating. thank you, Professor Bloom, for the amazing animations, the fun little videos to keep attention, your eye for detail and your easy to understand way of explaining and teaching!
Its a great course well paced and a decent introduction for someone who is completely new to the subject. All reading material is available for free. Lots of real examples, experiments and talks make the subject less theoretical and easy to consume. The videos which are animated are great shift from the conventional videos and interesting to watch. Loved it!!!
Brilliant introductory course- engaging, easy to understand but not dumbed down, covers a great range of foundational topics. I feel like I know have a really good understanding of the different fields in psychology as well as some of the approaches and methods used by different key figures. Highly recommend to anyone even vaguely interested in psychology.
I always thought I was the text book type and would never cherish an online learning experience. But thanks to Coursera and Prof. Bloom, this has been one of my most wonderful learning experiences. Prof. Bloom is excellent. The way he explains the tenets of psychology not only makes understand each of it clearly but also leaves you with a lot of curiosity.
An excellent introduction to psychology with great animations and an engaging teacher. It will touch on many known experiments of psychology as well as analyze their scientific validity. It will also shape your idea about psychology as a scientific approach to our minds rather than a vague mental analysis that is depicted in contemporary movies and dramas.
This was my first experience with psychology science, a subject that has always interested me implicitly. I'm glad I took the course. It will probably take me to some more in-depth study of related psychological subjects of personal interest. The course was lectured in a well structured way and kept my attention all the way through. Definitely recommended.
Professor Paul Bloom is so kind - enjoyed his lessons and the reading as well! Everything is very interesting and the animated style of video is very engaging! Loved the various research experiments introduced and also hearing about Paul, his wife, who is also a Psychology Professor at Yale! Highly recommend this course to anyone interested in Psychology.
I was hoping to jump straight into clinical psychology and
at first I resented all the historical topics, especially the lectures about
stuff that psychologist’s don’t believe anymore. Then, as I went on I
appreciated the extra level of information. Overall, a really good INTRODUCTION
to an incredibly complicated subject. It’s inspired me to learn more.
As a visual learner, I appreciate the use of art for the visuals of each lesson. The professor has a clear voice which makes me listen more and understand everything he says clearer. The use of sound effects also got me more excited to learn as it helps me to focus and have fun as I learn. I also rarely see other courses using this kind of visual aids.
Covers a broad range of major topics in psychology with vivid description and cases. The views from the lecturer are very modern and objective, and always try to tell the audience the importance of humbleness and scientific analysis method when doing research in the psychology field. Also really liked the novel presentation method (the illustratIons!!)
The content was easy to understand and provided a comprehensive overview of the science of thought and mind. The animations were well-made and the audiovisual association made the lectures easy to follow. The lectures and complementary textbook readings were very complete. The professor's enthusiasm made for an extremely enjoyable learning experience.
I really enjoyed the class as it covered a rather wide array of introductory topics ranging from memory to mental illness in addition to much more. I also respected Dr. Bloom's treatment of the mind-body problem and how he addressed the stance of religious people without being discourteous - although, the course definitely has a naturalistic approach.
The way professor Bloom explained each and every terminology by giving examples making it understandable and easy to remember. There are some animations involved that keeps you interested too. The readings were not too lengthy and informative at the same time. some surveys were involved that i found super interesting. Then again you have forums too.
this is my 3rd course from Coursera and I think this one is the best in a way that the professor is really engaging and you feel like you were in a real lecture room. The video is not boring and the reading material is worth reading and scientific based not like some course that the reading material was referred from some non-evidence based website.
I loved taking this course. I enrolled in this course because of Prof Bloom, after coming across his work a couple of years ago. I even referenced him in a book I wrote, called dognitive therapy. I am an animal behaviourist and discussed cognitive vs emotional empathy in my book. Thank you for such a wonderful course. And, hi to Professor Bloom! :)
Would like to thank Paul Bloom for the excellent course. It not only gave me general idea about Psychology but also helped me understand what topics I am more interested in. The methodology of explanation is perfect and in case you are not native speaker, no worries. Everything is explained in a very clear and interesting way. Thank you very much.
This is course is an excellent start to gving you the basics of psychology. Prof Bloom is a natural, speaker , he teaches as if he is telling a story. I throughly enjoyed learning and all of the material that were presented. This course put many of the pieces of the "what is psychology" puzzel together.  This course was very worth the investment.
I was really curious about Psychology, I studied Marketing
and had a single class dedicated to it, but to me it wasn’t that helpful, so I started
to search for courses that were easy to understand, and started with the basic
principles, I’m so glad I stumble upon Professor Bloom and his course.I highly recommend it for anyone with a curious mind!
I'm halfway through week two and so far im LOVING THIS. honestly haven't genuinely enjoyed learning anything for a while until now.  The lectures are well organised and engaging, and the reading are relevant and provides deeper understanding into course material. I have learnt a LOT just from watching the lectures and taking note while doing it.
The course is absolutely great. I enjoyed every bit. Professor Bloom is an excellent teacher. The topics are intriguing and very well selected. I am now a different person than I was before the course in my outlook on things, my understanding of people, children, and myself. I must also say the graphics, drawings and sound effects were amazing !
Gave an excellent introduction into Psychology. Had high expectations from the course and it met and exceeded them.  After completion, felt that I know myself a little bit better. Am encouraging my son who is going to medical school this fall to take the course during this pandemic lockdown. Thank you Coursera and thank you Professor Paul Bloom.
Professor Bloom made this course more engaging than it al ready was. The topics you learn are very interesting, everyone should have a glimpse of what psychology is,  how we are different and how our brain works. The assessments are accurate and ask you about the lectures, the readings help you understand better and answer some other questions.
very comprehensive contents as this is the introductory course of Psychology, it is good for a beginner to learn what is Psychology about to how this could improve our lives, or at work, etc. At the end of the course is about happiness which is the essential concept in people's live gave me a lot to think about and the next learning objectives.
it gave me a really good perspective into what psychology is and what it contains of. The various perspectives of it and what I can expect from it, if i want to take it up in the future. It also gave me an understanding of a few things around us and makes me what to know more and read more into the various things that had been introduced to us.
I am extremely glad to gain so much knowledge in this course, the way Prof.Bloom illustrates everything were quite relatable and I am thankful to Coursera for this platform and also thanking the professor for such an insightful course and could taste the flavor of psychology and also thanking the people those who have worked behind the scenes.
It was a very informative course and it provided a lot of insights into many questions you may have about social interactions/settings. The course is well structured, and Professor Bloom's engaging animated lectures were a delight to listen to. I will recommend to anyone, despite your field of work/study, since it is relevant to everyday life.
Excellent material presented in a clear and engaging way. The animations are incredibly helpful. One area for improvement: all the readings are listed as taking "10 mins" which was frequently wildly inaccurate. Some reading material was approximately 8 times the length of others yet all said "10 mins". More accurate labelling would be helpful.
I admire and respect this course's academic dexterity in encouraging that student's operate on their own flexibility and drive. Furthermore, it was quite informative and offered shrewd insight in the study, through its concepts and also by developing such insight and opinion in its students, allowing for an interactive and intelligent course.
Strongly recommended. I took an introduction to psychology class when I was doing my bachelor's degree. I didn't quite like the course was being constructed, so I did not learn much. However, the example of Professor Bloom gave and the structure of the course outline had draw me in again. I really appreciate this lecture, thank you very much!
The course was excellent, the videos are an animation of a lecture hall which made the material that much more lively. The professor is excellent, I would say that even if youre not particularly interested in Psychology, he would make you be. The only issue is that now every other online course seems to be of inferior quality in comparison :)
This is my 1st course with Courseara and I really enjoyed it and very happy that I chose it. Professor Bloom was wonderful and engaging. I would like to take more courses with him.Overall I feel a lot more knowledgeable after taking this course than I had prior. I have learned a lot of new material that applies to day to day life.Thank you!
Introduction to Psychology foundation course is very well organised with great content, presented masterfully by  Professor Dr. Paul Bloom. I have learned a lot about foundations of Psychology. I am pursuing Master in Psychology, the course is very helpful. I am great full to Dr. Paul Bloom and Coursera for providing this course. Thank you.
Great introduction course for those with no background in psychology but some interest and want to see whether they really are interested in the study of it. Very helpful to gage whether it's something you might want to continue studying/pursuing or not. Extremely fascinating content, very well delivered lectures and material, top course!
Very well structured and highly engaging content put out by Professor Bloom. He focuses on the important aspects and gives well represented examples.  I am preparing for entrances to my second masters in Psychology having no bachelors in it and I found this course to be helpful in providing an outline and introduction for my preparation.
This course offers a comprehensive and thought-provoking insight into the discipline of psychology, with short but information-packed videos and readings that get straight to the point. I, like many others, took this as a 'taster' of sorts to see if I'd be interested in further pursuing this subject. Will definitely be sticking with it!
It's an amazing course, I absolutely recommend it to everyone, even if you're a beginner. I started it with absolutely no knowledge of Psychology, now I feel like I'm exploding of it (in a good way). Professor Bloom expalins every module very well and gives you plenty of readings to expand the informaitons and your knowledge as well. :)
As the name says, this is an INTRODUCTION to psychology. It will serve  as a  base for those who intend to set foot in this broad topic. You will gain insight into the various fields of psychology and will be fed with intriguing thoughts which you personally will have to expand by further research or courses. All in all, very saisfying
Thank you very much for designing this course and making it so interesting and making way for further exploration into the subject Psychology. This course gave a very good idea about different aspects of Psychology. I hope I will further pursue and gain more knowledge and put this to use and may be help people who need help. Thank you!
I love the pictorial touch in the explanations.Professor was clear;I did not have issue with accents and the questions made me think.Another thing I love about the course is the fact that a sense of humility was displayed all through.Claims were left opened to debates and further studies.Overall,the lecturer made it easy to understand
This course provided me with a comprehensive accession of knowledge. The lectures and professor's lectureship are perspicuous but not lengthy. Through this course, I now have the basic foundation of psychology and due to that, I have decided to follow my study in this field at University and in my further future and career. Thank you!
this an wonderful course of fundamental psychology and i learn such hug thinks on this lectures how to handle emotions ,fear and etc this basic course very helpful to learn about deep psychology in future thanks to Yale university providing  very useful notes are provided in this lecture presentation aslo nice again thanks to all....
This is a fantastic course and  professor Paul Bloom just guides and glides you through it making it very interesting. The course touches upon all important aspects and subjects in psychology and  make the subject very interesting.I want to pursue a specific area in this whole wide subject. Looking forward to some more studying on it
I found this course extremely informative and engaging. The topics are all interesting topics that also help you to understand every day life, and how/why people think the way they do. I particularly liked the mental disorders and genetics module; it helps to give a deeper understanding in to these issues and how they can be treated.
This is a great intro course to psychology, which kind of accomplish my dream of being a psychology student. The course gives a general structure of modern psychology. Besides that, it gives how it becomes modern psychology. Also, Professor Bloom is so knowledgeable, I wish I can take one of his class at Yale some time in the future
Definitely a great course to learn introductory aspects of psychology and I recommend this course to those who wish to learn basic terms of psychology, how our brain functions, various theories related to pyschology and much more. I would like to thank YALE and Coursera for providing  this opportunity of awesome learning experience.
Its a great course overall. But as a student in engineering area. It's hard for me to understand all the things in the first round. And the long reading materials are too long and hard to get my attention. I found myself forget most of the things I learnt from previous week. Maybe I will try to watch the course for the second time.
I would like to thank the professor for such a structured, optimized course with such extensive information, I have been fond of psychology for many years, and I have found a lot of useful and interesting information here, very good presentation of information with excellent examples, easy and fun, I would like it to be continued.
Though I am a Computer Science Engineering Graduate, I never felt bored on learning this course. It gave me a good idea about Psychology of self and Psychology of groups and the various theories related to that. Very interesting. Instructor is very good in explaining and his presentation is so lively and useful. Thank you so much.
At a time where spare brain power was available this course has provided me with a wonderful opportunity to enhance my learning on a subject I have always been keenly interested in. Paul's pace and style were perfectly suited to my learning preferences and would have no hesitation in recommending this course to others. Thanks Paul
This was the first online course I have taken. I was skeptical at first, but immediately became engaged in what the professor had to say. He made the course engaging and entertaining, and gave information in many ways for whatever works best for you. I definitely recommend it to anyone who is even vaguely interested in psychology.
Thoroughly thrilled by the course, it was engaging and simple, graspable. Had an amazing experience learning all that was offered in the course while at the same time, it was not too much to become overloaded. Compactly packed course which addressed important issues and concepts of psychology, which I had always pondered to know.
I took this course to help me review for my AP Psychology exam. Professor Bloom went over everything that I had learned throughout my AP Psych course, except more. He covered the details that I originally had trouble understanding perfectly.  If it weren't for this class, then I probably wouldn't have end as well on my AP exam.
I really like this instructor. He explained things so well, kept the course interesting, and gave a lot of research information. The course was well outlined and covered a wide variety of topics. I was interested the whole time, I feel like I know how minds work much better, I feel enlightened, and I had a lot of ah ha moments.
Thoroughly enjoyed the lecture series; The instructor has done a brilliant job in curating the content and delivery of the material of every lecture, and the suggested readings and resources are also marvellous. Definitely recommend this to anyone in any field who wants to shed some light on the nature of others and themselves!
This course was better than I have expected. And the illustrations were really really engaging. Giving a feeling that you are in a class with some other students, even though you know you are not. This course gave me a kick start and inspired me to learn more in psychology. Thanks Paul Bloom, thanks Yale and thanks Coursera!!!
Outstanding course, very informative and educative, cleared a lot of concepts, introduced me to many more interesting new things. Lots of insights into how we think and who we are. To me, this was a logical next after Prof Bloom's course on morality. And Prof Bloom is just brilliant. Such a joy taking up his courses. #winning
One of the best online courses I've participated in. Dr. Bloom was very clear, pedagogical,  and engaging.  The covered topics were also interesting and informative. I liked the use of animations in the course. The material introduced were interesting and I learned a lot. I do hope I get more courses which Dr. Bloom teaches.
Not particularly in depth since the themes of psychology were mentioned briefly. This is also probably what makes this course so attractive for online learners. Without needing a strong background in science or psychology, Professor Bloom mentions and explains the broad themes of the field in an interesting and broad manner.
i have gained a better understanding of myself now. I have also learned to observe and be empathetic towards other people. I now know that money isn't everything, you can have it all but lack that "one" thing that makes you happy. I have learned that some brain injuries change our personality like Gage. Thank you very much.
I have always been fascinated with psychology, & completing this course made me feel better prepared for seeking a career in this field. I really liked Professor Bloom. He made the course very interesting, easy to understand, & kept me engaged & looking forward to the next lecture. I appreciate being given this opportunity.
I loved it. The professor was engaging, I really enjoyed this. I sat and wrote notes in my book as I watched and listened. I know some people were disappointed in the video element, but I didn't mind it at all, I thought it was simple and sweet. 5 stars! I most definitely will be back to do this again for extra absorption!
Well done to Professor Bloom for this captivating and beautiful on line course. I found it well structured, relevant and very pleasant. The rhythm of the course was also great, and I'm sure I'll always remember about this course and its content. The graphics were so good too, made it even more special. Well done again!!!!!
Very engaging and easy to follow for someone who has no background on psychology. It gives a good introduction of different areas of psychology. It uses very nice videos of experiments to illustrate some concepts which I found very useful. I also liked the animation which makes it very visual and easy to memorize/remember.
I really loved this course, professor Bloom is an awesome professor and a good person. The course is very well organized, full of really interesting topics that are well presented and explained, I also apreciated the animations in the lessons. Thankyou very much for the effort in preparing and teaching such a great course.
I spent my weeks reading and listening to this course over and over again. I don't know how much it is worth to me, but somehow, my foundation about psychology has been extended as I believed. As a freshman who majoring in psychology in general. I hope coursera will add more course that is relevent to this one. Thank you.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I have always been fascinated with psychology and this course surpassed my expectations. I have learnt a lot in the context of how the human mind works and of our behaviour. Child psychology, developmental psychology and mental illnesses were my favourite.10/10 course, I highly recommend.
Professor Bloom is very engaging. For most of the time I wasn't even thinking that I was studying. It was a journey where I came to know myself in a much better way. I am a mechanical undergrad. I think psychology has helped me to better understand my actions and why I do. Thank you very much Coursera and Processor Bloom.
this course was amazing and mind blowing (in the literal sense !!!) . i got to learn so much, dozens of new things, concepts and ideas. professor paul is fantastic. the way he guides through the course makes it even more enjoyable and easy to understand. I am very satisfied and happy with my decision to take this course.
Out of all the courses that I completed or at least attempted this one is for sure my favorite. I spend a great time listening to the lectures, they were extremely interesting and contained lots of examples that helped understand the concepts better. I also liked the design of this course. Thank you very much, Pr. Bloom!
Prof Paul Bloom is extremely Engaging! I am so glad I took up this course. I wish I had the financial means to pursue a degree in the subject at Yale. I would like to thank Coursera and Yale University and most importantly prof. Bloom for making it possible for students like myself to learn despite monitory limitations.
I have learned almost all the concepts of Psychology. They helped me to understand my  subjects in a better way. Now, I can improve my teaching  and give appropriate examples based on the students, students' mood, environment, and level. I am so grateful to Prof. Paul Bloom, and  Yale University and Coursera.Thank you.
The best course I've ever taken, everything was so clear, the explanations, the examples, the videos, the drawings. One of the things I enjoyed the most was how Professor Bloom explain things, his point of view is merely objective and human.Thank you so so much, (Maybe my inspiration to study Psychology in the future)
This course and Professor Bloom provides a great foundation to those who are interested in understanding psychology or even for an average person who can learn a lot through applications in their daily lives. The course ended on a great note as well through understanding the basic aspects on how people view Happiness.
Professor Bloom is a very engaging and knowledgeable lecturer. The course is very well presented and each segment is split into bite size easily absorbable pieces. Personally I learnt a lot, some of which is thought provoking, others confirming what I already knew, but putting them in a structured scientific context.
Great course! Very engaging and triggers interest for further research and learning! A deep overview of various topics. Very useful to have a better understanding of the subject but also general knowledge. I recommend 100%! Professor Bloom keeps your attention through the entire course, I'm sad it didn't last longer!
The Introduction to Psychology is so interesting and meaningful. Everyone should have a good understanding of psychology to have a better life as an individual and a group member. And the teacher is profound and humorous, explaining things in a way easy to understand. It helps me a lot. In general, this is exceleent！
This course will give students a brief overview of what psychology is really about and how it will help in their daily life and how to approach their daily life.The modules are really interesting to follow through and the follow-up readings are really helpful to further aid the understanding of the modules discussed.
Really enjoyable and interesting. Well presented content in an easy to understand format of small chunks of information. Interesting readings that aren't too long or convoluted. Definitely had me questioning aspects of my life & relating traits in my friends and family to things I have now learnt through the course.
This has been a profoundly eye-opening journey. I loved the course in every way and it heightened my already-present interest towards psychology. For anyone out there thinking of taking the course, always read the additional reading material because they've become the most fascinating readings I've ever encountered.
This is my first Coursera course and I'm so pleased about the learning outcome! I wasn't too sure what I want to do for my next job since I resigned in April, although I'm still not 100% sure, but what I know is I want to be a helper and problem solver! Thank you Professor Paul Bloom! You are my man of the year!!!
This is an excellent course especially for the beginners of this subject. The lecturer is amazing and the examples given by him makes it easier to understand the very technical terms and concepts. On the other hand, the course content is well-organized. I highly recommend for anyone to want to follow the course.
It was easy to follow along with all of the information.The format of short videos ranging from 3-10 minutes on average made it flexible and easy to fit around my schedule.Having due dates and times for the quizzes encouraged me to finish each weeks content in a week instead of leaving it all to the last minute.
High quality online course !The lectures were clear and engaging.The Youtube videos,Ted Talks as well as the additional reading material provided 
complement the lectures and go into more detail with plenty of references to learn more.
This course provides you with a thorough basic understanding of psychology. .
An overall outstanding course with an extremely knowledgeable professor! Professor Bloom manages to balance a delightful overview of this intriguing scientific field while satisfyingly explaining each unique theory and expanding the student's understanding of how each individual field corresponds to the others.
This course has giving me a better foundation in understanding psychology. Our professor's lectures were clear even in the complexity of psychology through his style of teaching. He also managed to express himself and give us a real life experience on an online course. And that in it-self is amazing!Thank you!
Very informative and I love how Prof. Bloom incorporated some moral lessons like humility at the beginning and end of the course. It makes it more relatable therefore interesting. I alos appreciate that Prof. Bloom suggested steps on what to do next after this course. It makes me want to pursue learning more.
This course in psychology talks about many things that we can help people who suffer in their lives, because everything they talk about in this course is very important. It is a course that I like and I would love to recommend to other people who give themselves the opportunity to learn more about psychology.
An excellent course that will give you a deeper understanding of the basic aspects of psychology. Perfect if you want to expand your knowledge of the subject or if you, like me, wanted some more knowledge about it before going off to university! Would recommend this to anyone who is interested in psychology.
Before taking it I thought I knew everything about psychology (not everything but had a good notion of it), but then I found out I didn't - it was all common sense and not science. This course breaks so many misconceptions we have, it is just great! I loved taking it. Thank you to Professor Bloom and Yale!
Prof Bloom is absolutely amazing. I thoroughly enjoyed taking this class. His enthusiasm and knowledge towards this class made it easy to participate and stay engaged in the materials. Thank you ! I hope to see more of your classes & lectures on this site !Best, Samantha Cobean Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada
I really recommend this course. I was so very interested in Psychology since many years ago, how out brain works, why we think what we think, the personality, some emotions, you can find these topics in here. The professor Paul is great, he has a lot of experience, and give very good stories and examples.
Very well structured, professor Bloom's delivery is perfect, he makes the course easy to understand, engaging and interesting, and the animations make the whole experience more dynamic. The content and lectures have a lot of information that can be of much help afterwards. I'm very pleased by this course.
An excellent course to get introduced to the basic concepts of Psychology, to have an overview of how we've evolved on understanding feelings and thoughts during the past decades, and how recently we've acknowledged the way theyr are integrated into our self, and with our physical body and external world.
It is an incredible course, the information is very clear and the teacher makes it enjoyable, personally I can say that it gave me back the love of learning.Es un curso increíble, la información es muy clara y el profesor la hace amena, de manera personal puedo decir que me devolvió el amor por aprender.
I really enjoy the course! Professor Bloom used some intriguing examples and perspectives to help me see psychology in a different way. I also enjoy some of his personal input. I am thinking of going back to school. I think this course provided a very good idea of some fundamental concepts in psychology.
This course was fantastic and I enjoyed it very much. Professor Bloom did an excellent job of being both engaging and clear with his lectures and I found myself fascinated with the material. Thanks to this course, I am strongly considering further studies in psychology. I strongly recommend this course!
Thorough presentation and suggested readings that helped to clarify and cement the information given.  I enjoyed and appreciated the format as I was able to rewind when necessary (frequently) and listen while in the car.  Thank you very much Professor Bloom.  Hope to see you at Yale in the fall of ‘21!
The professor's genuine passion for the subject was pleasantly contagious. The course was quite comprehensive overall, and anyone who takes this course will be able to appreciate the subtle nuances when it comes to the behaviors and inclinations of our fellow human beings, and ourselves in the process.
A perfect course to understand the basics of Human Psychology. The Instructor has made every effort to keep it simple and within the reach of greenhorns like me who want to learn the rudimentaries of subject. Thanks to Team Coursera for this amazing compilation of courses. Enriching to the core. Thanks
I have engaged in many online courses during the pandemic period, and this one was my all time favorite. the lecturer was very good, and full of information, the videos were very nice and the course was so interesting and resourceful. Thank you verymuch University of Yale for this amazing opportunity.
This is quite certainly the best online course I have taken so far. I loved the video lectures - Professor Bloom did a great job of explaining the concepts in a highly engaging manner. The reading materials were extremely useful in reinforcing and elaborating upon the concepts covered in the lectures.
Extremely engaging. Learn way more than I thought. Advise this course to anyone who have an interest in psychology or is on college and needs a different insight.And doing the course on my own rhythm, pausing and retreat videos whenever I needed was a great experience. This is the future of learning.
This is the first time I have used Coursera for online courses. It is different from the online courses I  studied before, which videos are more interesting and impressive. Psychology is a really fascinating subject, and this course is very suitable as the beginning of psychology learning. Thank you!
The course was super fun! I have never been so engaged in a lecture before. It's a well built course for anyone who's just curious about psychology or looking for a place to start a career in it. It's very informative with a lot of interesting videos and readings involved. You won't be disappointed!
Great introduction to a wide variety of topics. I initially thought the animation would detract from the content, however, it actually added value in the form of increased and longer attention to the lectures. Wish the course had been longer, allowing for a more in-depth look at many of the topics.
Really amazing, the things i learned in social psychology has opened a completely new field for me. Before this i had some understanding but now i trust completely that for me to make sense of sociology, otherwise i would think of it as a shallow field and all about society( Alexander Supertramp).
This course was so incredibly informative and a great way for people interested in psych to begin becoming educated about it! The professor's lectures consisted of animated videos which was super creative and impactful, it was also clear that he is very passionate about his work. 10/10, recommend.
A Really worthy course. even though I don't belong to humanities I found it very interesting and engaging. the professor's way of teaching and explaining the topic is among the most interesting I've had ever seen. its a really good one for extra knowledge and also for the beginners in this field.
A very interesting course and a very engaging tutor. It contains some really interesting aspects of Psychology. Moreover, studies and experiments are exhibited, which makes the course even better.The tutor uses many examples to demonstrate his thoughts making understanding easier. Excellent work!
this course is so great that gives me the chance to learn about what are included in the psychology. The lectures are wonderful and powerpoint is cute and impressive. Also , the  reading materials from NOBA  make me can know more information related to each week. I learn a lot from these 6 weeks.
I am so happy i did this course.I always wanted to study about psychology and i am so glad that i did this course with full dedication.I have become so curious to know more about the human brain and psychology which i will surely do.If anyone who is interested in this field can surely go for it.
Psychology classes help me to learn the scientific method, how to evaluate sources of information, and how to think critically about the information i encounter on a daily basis. These classes can help me hone these skills, which prove useful in a variety of careers and different areas of life.
The "Introduction to Psychology" truly has been a wonderful experience. Professor Bloom explains complex concepts with utmost simplicity and ease.  The lectures are universal, simple and the animations keep the lectures entertaining. Thank you to Professor Bloom and the entire team at Coursera.
I absolutely loved this course. This is an amazing introductory course to Psychology ; all thanks to Prof. Bloom's lucid, wonderful lectures, and the amazing treasure of readings. I am grateful that I got the opportunity to take this course, which was my first step towards learning Psychology.
Excellent course: nicely structured, easy to follow, and the visuals are pleasing to the eye and providing additional motivation to stay focused (the virtual audience make it seem like you're part of the auditorium).Highly recommend to anyone interested in Psychology and in how our mind works.
Excellent course, Professor Bloom kept my attention and desire to learn at the top with his jovial and direct narrative, supported by animation tools. The alternative study platform had a very friendly interface, which made reading time very enjoyable, as is the Coursera interface, I must say.
I have loved every single thing about this course - the teacher, the quality of contents and the way they were explained, the absolute quality of videos and illustrations. Hard to believe this was an online course when what you get is much more than you could possibly expect. I have loved it.
This is one of the best sites for those who want to understand who they are
and who are they in order to take precautious measures.The language used is
simple to understand and it did help me complete my tests in time.I encourage whoever
is interested to study more about psychology to signup.
Thank you
so much Prof. Blum for this most interesting course. The lectures were very clear
structured and easy to understand. I learned so much in that interesting course
and I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in psychology. I’m
happy to have been able to participate.
Introduction to Psychology was very informative and covered a vast array of topics. The instructor Mr. Paul Bloom was very self explanatory in his various lectures making the course enjoyable and educational. To all the future students, I hope you will have  as much fun learning as I did ☺️
Very engaging course! Professor Bloom is very good at presenting ideas in a clear and organized fashion. The videos weren't too long so you don't lose focus. I highly recommend taking this course if you are interested in psychology and are wondering if you should pursue it later on in life.
This course was very interesting and well planned. The content, i.e. the lessons along with the animations had me hooked till the end. I really liked the teaching style of Prof. Paul Bloom as not only did I understand everything, but I am now even more interested in the subject than before.
The course was a great experience. It offered the most interesting insights into how the human brain works. The difference of a child's brain and an adult's in particular triggered many new thoughts in my mind. Professor Bloom's great style of teaching also made the course more enjoyable.
A brilliant online course that has engaged and fascinated me during the coronavirus lockdown. Professor Bloom delivers an excellent series of lectures, supported by further reading lists. The video lectures are delightfully illustrated, totally elevating the experience of learning online.
I would like to thank Coursera and Yale university for making such an opportunity available for all.unfortunately I can't pay for the certificate because of a financial distress, nowadays I'm working on my CV and I would be glad if the course certificate was mentioned there ..best regards
The professor is engaging and with this being my third online structured program that is refreshing. The readings and references coincide with the course,it's easy to follow, now if they could only offer a degree program in counseling and mental health! Thanks for the great job y'all do!
Loved the course, very entertaining topics kept me engaged the whole time, If the entire certificate is done by this professor Im sure I can pass with flying colors and that would be wonderful as I work in spurts and traditional education really doesn't work with me but I love learning !
This helped me so much for my psychology class in school. Not only it helped me understand everything that the teacher says in school but also it makes me love psychology! I just get to love it so much and am really thankful for professor Bloom who created this wonderful course for us.
Use this course as a crash course if you're an outsider and psychology interests you. If you are interested in this domain this course will lay out a strong foundation for you and push you in the right direction. Best part of the course is the Professor! HANDS DOWN! Worst part? NONE?!
I haven't even started the course yet but it looks brilliant! Never in my life did I think I would be doing a course offered by Yale University! I thank the folks at Yale and Coursera for making it so easy and cheap for one to be able to attempt achieving what some would call a dream!
The course covers various domains of psychology, course instructor Professor Paul Bloom is engaging and eloquent speaker. This course will give you more insights about working of the mind and your thinking process. It is overall a very delightful and well structured course.Thank You.
The course was great! I have learned so much new information that broadened my horizons and provided numerous insights. I have also become more determined in further studies of psychology after this course. I also loved the animations and drawing in the lectures - it was so much fun!
I think this is a very good introduction to Psychology. The lectures are easy to follow and understand, and the readings add a lot of extra value to really solidify what was said in the lectures. I highly recommend this course for anyone who is interested in knowing about psychology.
If you have an interest in Psychology this is a great course to start with! You'll discover the major theories and up to date critiques in the field, rest assured that Professor Bloom will keep you thrilled by the subject and eager to discover more about the brain and its functions!
This is very basic course on pshchology, and I enjoy studying it for personal reason. I think many learners will take advantages of this course for whatever field of studay and work they are doing.I personally recommend professor Paul Bloom, for compacting some morale into my brain.
Most amazing course I ever had. Professor Bloom lecture videos are perfect, interactive, very engaging, I felt like I was in real classroom. The subject is very informative for new learner in this topic like me and looking forward to study more in this field. Thank you everyone! :)
Professor Paul Bloom does an excellent job in introducing students to the science of Psychology. This course will benefit anyone wanting an overview and introduction of the domain. Its very well presented and highly engaging. I would have no hesitation in recommending this course.
This was the most fascinating and informative course I have ever taken! Professor Paul Bloom is an amazing lecturer who explaines most complex material in a very easy and plain way, so it was a real pleasure to study! Many thanks to everyone who created and organized this course!
This has been an amazing experience for me. Professor Bloom is an amazing teacher and is very engaging in his videos. I would love to pursue more in this field as I have started a liking towards this subject. Thank you Yale University and Prof. Bloom for this fruitful experience.
The way the course has been designed and delivered is perfect for someone who wishes to create a foundation of psychology. Prof. Bloom ended changing a lot of my perceptions about the human mind and has sparked my curiosity to dive deeper into this subject in y professional life.
Thank you so much for the course. What are people most afraid of? What do our dreams mean? Are we natural-born racists? What makes us happy? What are the causes and cures of mental illness? Now, I can answer those questions well and I can tell the people closest to me about it.
I strongly recommend doing this course if you are interested in psychology. This course is brilliantly organized and very very engaging. I really enjoyed the teaching style of the Professor. I often got so hooked into the course that I forgot about my plans of watching Netflix.
I really had fun when it came down to the class i was kinda nervous and skeptical at first but it was definitely worth and i do recommend others to take this course. Dr.Paul Bloom really made me comfortable as far as the lecturing goes. He's the best of the best in My Opinion.
I thought this course was a well organized and well presented overview of the field of psychology. It’s encouraging me to delve deeper into some more specific areas. I also found Prof. Bloom’s delivery and supplemental readings to be nicely complementary . Highly recommended !
The lecturer on this course was so clear with his explanations as well as brilliant illustrations to assist with visual learners. I was engaged throughout and I honestly don't think that would have been the case if it was taught by someone who wasn't as great as this lecturer.
This was an incredible course and the professor taught it beautifully. It gave me a lot of insight on so many things that I would have never thought of before. I definitely recommend, especially if you are thinking of taking psych in college or pursuing a psych related career.
An excellent introduction to human psychology. Whether you’re an intuitive good listener and want to know more about how you can help your friends, or if you’re curious about your own mind, this course is a great starting point on the journey of learning about the human mind.
Course was really insightful. Coming from a computer engineering background, did not face much difficulties understanding the view points and concepts laid down by the professor. Human psyche is truly amazing and this course lays the stepping stone to understanding it better.
I enjoyed the course from the beginning to the end, it was fantastic! And Prof.Bloom is a great lecturer, I enjoyed his teaching. The course materials were awesome. Looking forward to continuing my higher studies in the field of Psychology. Thank you so much, Coursera team!!!
It was a great kickstart for introducing me to psychology and its various aspects. Prof. Bloom taught the course exponentially well and by the end the last video I was kinda sad that the course is ending. I would really love if Prof. takes an advanced course on this platform.
This course made me understand how our brain works in ways that I didn't think about, the lecturer is very engaging and he explains the topics well in a very interesting way, finally I recommend this course to anyone who is curious about how we think and how our brain works.
i had a fabulous time learning about psychology with Professor Bloom. i had taken this course as a refresher course to brush up my basics about psychology, and the course has proven incredibly great for my cause. looking forward to enrolling for more courses offered by Yale!
Professor Bloom is exceptional when it comes to explaining the course. He is a great story-teller and hence able to teach the course as if it was a story. Highly recommended if you are interested to grasper a glimpse of psychology. And his avatar in the lecture is very cool!
A brilliant course that gives a broad overview of Psychology. I enjoyed every minute and couldn't wait to share what I had learned with my partner (even whilst learning it). I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to dip their toe in the Ocean of Psychology!
Professor Paul Bloom explained 'Introduction to Psychology' topics methodically with confidence.Additional materials are very helpful. Videos are engaging.I recommend this course to anyone who are interested in Psychology or just to know about our own brain and how it works.
I am an engineering student and I wanted to take a course outside of my field and the course totally exceeded my expectations. Professor Bloom teaches very nicely in a simple and easy to understand manner. Overall I feel this course was a valuable increment to my knowledge.
As the first online course that i participated, especially in such a magnificent field like psychology, I am definitely satisfied with the knowledge I have acquired through this experience in Coursera. Certainly looking forward to participating in other online courses, too!
Introduction to Psychology is a journey through all of the majorpsychological concepts and principles. The knowledge gained from this course will allow students to critically evaluate psychologicalresearch and have a more in-depth understanding of human thought and behavior
The quarantine gave me time and opportunities for further training, for which I am very grateful! The course is so interesting, while it gives a lot of knowledge, basic, but at the same time very deep! Thanks to Yale University and Professor Paul Bloom for this opportunity!
A very good course to understand the basics of Psychology. It establishes the foundation for further study in this field. Even for the people who do not want to pursue Psychology as their careers, this course provides a better understanding of the facts about human nature.
amazing intro course! my first course in years and I loved it and have my passion again for psychology! Paul Bloom is an amazing prof!! Look forward to more in the future - Coursera has made this manageable for anyone wanting to further their education and skills! AMAZING!
Thanks .....Prof Paul Bloom.........Am so grateful ,the course was so helpful to me and how i interact with other people around me is so different ,because I understand a lot of things now. Hope to meet you again in another Psychology course ,not stopping here ...ha ha ha
Introduction to Psychology leads the participant to understand human behaviour and the reasons why people behave the way they do. It also opens a window to a better understanding by suggesting interesting readings  which can give us a broad sense of how psychologist work.
I just wanted to do a basic psychology course to learn about how the brain works and some mental disorders/illnesses to understand my loved ones going through this.  This course was just what I expected.  It was short and sweet and to the point!Thank you, Professor Bloom!
Loved it! It was really interesting and easy to follow. It was my goal to finish this and to see if I actually want to pursue a career in psychology and I definitely want to! Plus this knowledge will help me in my current carrier and general work with people. Loved it!
This course has been the most exciting and engaging academic experience I've had. From the Professor's ability to explain in-depth concepts with simple words, to the engaging animation and lecture format, to the relevant topics, the course exceeded all my expectations.
Great introductory course, giving bits of information on the various aspects of psychology. It helped me refresh what I had learned some time back and kept my attention across the six weeks. The additional readings & referred books are very interesting & helpful also.
To my mind, the course was great! I've learnt a lof of new things and managed to aquire basic skills about psychology. Our mentor Paul was brilliant and engaging.  Right now i feel extremely motivated and have a desire to continue my tuition. Thank you and good luck!)
This was a great class. It was informative, the pace was amazing and I learnt a whole lot. It was amazing how after weeks of studying heavy topics and concepts, the last module was designed around happiness and positivity. There was a lot to takeaway from this course!
I enjoyed the course so much! All the topics were very interesting and what is the most important, everything was explained very accessibly, so anyone could understand! I also loved the animation and Paul`s voice, very pleasant to watch and listen :)) Thank you a lot!
It was an excellent course; It met my expectation to study Psychology on an introductory level. I would say the content were very comprehensive and one could now choose to take specialization in other things since the course has directives. Over all it was excellent.
This has been a great experience.  I took an introductory course in psychology nearly 50 years ago and this course and the professor were far superior.  The content is comprehensive, the animated format engaging and the readings excellent supplements to the lectures.
My first course in psychology  at the age of 51 years and I feel addicted to the subject  already. It was great listening to Prof Bloom's lectures. The pace was stress free and also the overall instruction approach.  Thanks Yale and Coursera for providing the access.
I don't have any background related to psychology. But this course is just as easy to understand as interesting and beautiful. Making you wishing to learn more about Psychology and the human mind. I also loved the format. Thank you to Coursera, Yale and Profr. Bloom.
Enrolling in and completion of Introduction To Psychology is the Best thing I've ever done in my entire life. I'm a much better and happier person because this course has given my life Meaning and desire to achieve more intellectually. A big thanks to Coursera 🙏🙏🙏
I loved the quality of this course! It is structured well, with interesting and thought-provoking topics. The instructor, Paul Bloom is a really engaging speaker. I do know more about psychology, and I also learned which direction I want to dig into more. Thank you!
The very interesting teaching method is used in this course, and it is very comprehensive to the learners. The animations and videos related to the Psychology are very appreciating one. Overall a fantastic online learning experience. Thank you so much for Coursera.
Great course! highly recommended for those who are seeking a professional carrier in the field and also those who are keen on to getting familiar with the basic knowledge of the field. Will certainly recommend to friends and family. Much appreciated and enjoyed it.
A very interesting and a very well structured course. The professor does a great job at explaining the general overview of what psychology is. Very satisfied with what I’ve learned and I hope to continue my path to learn about psychology with these type of courses.
I enjoyed this course very much. I learned ABCs of psychology and human behavior, which will help me to gain perception over a lot of things in daily life. I am grateful that I completed this course and learned something valuable which I can apply in my real life.
Well done the Professor was engaging,  I am not saying it was easy, but at the same time it was not difficult, the way each module is presented keep you focus , not boring at all. It could encourage one to go farther into studies.  Marvelous Marvelous. Well done.
I personally enjoyed this course so much! It helped me in school, my personal relationships and mental health . Thank you for this experience. I am looking forward for in the future to keep studying psychology and this course will forever help me on that journey!
For anyone wanting to learn psychology this is the best course available anywhere. The overall content the overall the way videos have been made and other supplementary readings are there just really really good. Thank you to the whole team behind this course. :)
The course is manageable and it gives me more than enough time to complete it. It wasn't too difficult to understand. The reading materials further enhance what Prof Bloom was teaching and give an over view on what Psychology is. I thoroughly enjoyed taking this!
A wonderful, expansive course that touches upon the many facets of psychology and gives the learners enough room to explore by themselves. A definite recommend, I went from nearly a complete beginner to a well-grounded student in the process of doing this course.
The course was great! Honestly speaking I did not expect to learn so much but the content was too good and had me hooked all the way till the end. The professor was also great and explained the concepts well, in easy to understand terms. Definitely recommend it!
Absolutely a great course, appropriately balanced complexity and accessibility, incredibly interesting and fascinating. I also love that the readings are free and very useful, with lots of additional materials and references. Love the animation too:) Thank you!!
I really enjoyed the time spend doing this course offered by your establishment.  I really enjoyed the various lectures, the presentations and the interraction with the on line information.  I am going to recommend this course to others so that they can benefit;
Paul Bloom was surprisingly engaging as a professor which I thought would be difficult to achieve for an online course. But perhaps that's self-fulling because one has to be enthusiastic and excited to learn about the material to want to complete the course...?
I strongly recommend this course for those who are interested in psychology. I especially appreciated Professor Bloom's own insights that he provided at the end of the sessions. To me, they were the perfect summaries of the each subjects thought on this course.
Each module was so interesting, I was debating between rushing through it or taking it slow savoring each week. The animation from Julia Veldman and that Prof Bloom sometimes sounded like Ze Frank makes this the best course I've taken here. Highly recommended!
Paul Bloom's lectures (and the associated texts) provide the perfect level of entertainment and information, while giving lots of suggestions for further reading and the baseline knowledge to carry out that further reading confidently. Love the animations too.
The thing that particularly interested me was the way in which Dr. Paul Bloom presented the material of Psychology. It helped me in understanding the fundamentals of the same and I would highly recommend it to someone who is interested in pursuing this field .
I really enjoyed this course from beginning to end, the format and structure was easy to use and really helpful for someone never done anything like this.the lessons were engaging and a large part of that was Prof Bloom who was a joy to listen to.bring on more
A comprehensive, well explained introduction into the field of psychology. Whether you are looking to revisit past learned material or just looking for a new direction, this is a great course to give you the understanding in the direction you are looking for.
Professor Bloom used interesting, relevant, and attention-grabbing examples to explain his psychology courses. His voice is very pleasant to listen to, and the material and information provided was of high quality, very informative, and extremely interesting.
This course is well-structured and very helpful for beginner who want to have a basic understanding of psychology. I would definitely recommend to everyone who want to have a general understanding of psychology but have no idea about what psychology is about.
I'll strongly recommend this course because not only is it just informative but also very interesting. It has ignited interest for this subject in me and I'm grateful to have come across it since it provides an excellent overview of what the subject entails.
This is a great course. Professor Paul Bloom has done a wonderful job of meticulously charting the different aspects of psychology within six weeks. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to know about modern psychology and different aspects of the field.
A great, not super challenging introductory overview of psychology that builds your knowledge from the ground up, and covers the development of, and controversies within, different parts of the field. By far the most engaging videos I've seen in any course.
This was really wonderful. I had many question like how brain works, why someone attracted to others, what is happiness and sadness etc. Thank you very much dear Prof. Paul and I also want to thank my institute who notified me about coursera online courses.
The course is a great introduction to psychology and the format is conducive to learning. I especially enjoyed the text included which is well written, informative and more in depth than the video lectures. Dr. Bloom is an outstanding lecturer and teacher.
Paul Bloom was informative with a very soothing voice. I feel like he gave a lot of different perspectives related to all theories, beliefs, etc.. I learned a lot but it was definitely challenging. Especially the quizzes, but that was expected. Great job.
Great introductory course to psychology. I recommend it to anybody who would like a start off point to get the sense of direction they want to pursue further in the field. Super user-friendly. Lots of suggested additional readings for those inquisitive :)
An extremely well structured course that will bring answers to many of your life-time questions, bringing much more understanding of the human mind, behaviours and life in general. The course is easy to follow and very informative.I totally recommend it!
I was initially intimidated with this online course because it was offered by Yale.  After the first lecture, Prof. Bloom is knowledgeable and engaging.  I feel I learned a lot about the history of Psychology and the different subjects within psychology.
I had a scoail psychology course before this and read articles before about psychology so i was familiar with the stuff but i liked the course and the was it was prepared.also liked the way professor shared his opinions,his teaching style at uni. etc....
This course was way more instructive than I anticipated for a very inexpensive online course. I really got a lot out of it and enjoyed the lessons. Professor Bloom does a great job of keeping the lectures interesting and engaging even in a video format.
This is by far the most important and influential course I have ever taken. The study of the mind is far more fascinating and  vast than I ever imagined and it is taught with so much detail and love. You will become a better human by knowing this stuff.
Well I am new to this field, but not the learning part. The way this fields aspects, and course was delivered is one of the best way; I have grasp knowledge in my life. Well done professor Bloom, Yale University and Coursera for this intellectual treat.
A brilliant course for getting an overview of what all comes under psychology. The professor talks about his own researches in the field and other contemporary researches that make it all the more relevant. Additional reading information is also great.
I have learned so much about the basic idea of psychology. Professor Bloom is incredible! I love how him make it easy for the beginner like me to understand everything. I hope that I will have a chance to learn more with him again in the future course.
The course is ideal for a person planning to explore this beautiful science. It requires no background knowledge and anyone can start learning Psychology by going through it. I would like to thank Coursera and Yale for preparing a coursework like this.
This course has been exceptionally wonderful. I commend Professor Bloom for the way in which all the lessons were delivered. Being an educator myself some of the materials in this course I was already familiar with which made it a little easier on me.
This course has enriched my awareness about the complexity of human beings.  This awareness is a precious gift which can be useful in many contexts in my life and work giving me a wider view. In fact sometimes good questions are better than any answer
I enjoyed every second! I found the animations a very unique idea for this course. The professor is also very engaging and explains everything using vocabulary that everyone can understand. I am very happy that I took this course. 100% recommended :)
Was a great course! I took it in preparation to go to university to get a degree in social work and I learned a lot! The professor was engaging and the course material was easy to understand while also being thought-provoking. 10/10 would reccommend.
I learned a lot and actually felt like I was learning which is equally important for me. Lots of great information I can and will use in my work. The videos were great and I honestly enjoyed structured learning for the first time in a very long time.
This course provides me a chance to understand more about psychology, which I have no idea on that before. The videos are very interactive, so that I can understand the concepts in a clearer way. Thank you for the professor for the amazing lectures.
This was my first ever online course, and it couldn't have been better. I was honestly impressed with how engaging the videos were, how well structured and thought-provoking. Wish some of my real-life professors would have been more like Paul Bloom!
This course is astonishing. The animation is simple yet delightful, and the subjects explore much more than what beginners, such as me, think psychology is about. The variation in topics are really interesting and shows how deep the field reaaly is.
A comprehensive  introduction covering the key areas.  Excellent preparation for graduate work where one does not have a background in psychology.  The course content and materials were more than adequate.  I think I did a full program!  Thank you.
I am very satisfied with the course, I liked the interface, the teacher's tone of voice, his explanations with the examples so successful, easy understanding for those of us who started this wonderful world of psychology. Thank you!Alejandra Isabel
I loved this course! I enjoyed every moment and feel like I've gained a good idea of Psychology in general. I will definitely look into some more courses taught by Professor Bloom in the future. Thank you Yale University for providing this course.
The instructor presents great material that is easy to digest. An excellent overview. The learning was so enjoyable, it makes me wonder if I actually learned anything. But it is clear that I gained much more in this class compared to other classes
I learned so much from this course. Thank you Professor Bloom and Yale University for providing us with such excellent course. I strongly recommend this course for those interested in psychology field or simply wants to gain new knowledge. Cheers.
Covered all the concepts of psychology greatly on a introductory level. Professor engaged in a lot of good arguments and great content on the readings too. Definitely recommend this course to everyone who is interested and everyone who is not too!
This course was engaging and interesting and gave me an excellent basis for the study of psychology. I am so pleased with the content and the material we were given. The quizzes were fair assessments of our knowledge and were not difficult at at.
Professor Bloom is deep, captivating and hilarious. The cartoon format is light years beyond the talking head format so many use to awkward ends. I feel like I got two semesters of information out of this concise but thorough course. Bravo, Paul.
Extremely delighted for having a chance to attend these lectures online. Very clear, interesting and professional. Animations and examples made lessons even more interesting, while reading source is very thorough but simplified for laics as well.
A well informed course and properly guided to keep on track with the lectures until the end. Its very intellectual, unique and enjoyable. The precision to learn, understand and apply in steps is remarkable. A great course and instructor this is.
I am happy that I joined the course and completed it. Now, I understand the scope of Psychology to pursue further my studies. The videos and lectures were excellent and very helpful. Video lectures were simple to understand. Thank You, Coursera.
Hi Paul Bloom,  I'm happy to have taken the course and I appreciate your guidance on the different aspects of psychology. I work as a therapist for alcoholics and substance abusers in New York City and this works a lot for me. Thank you so much.
This is just an superb experience of everything all the leasons each and every one is full knowledge and new learning i am so into pyschology and thank you professor for all your time and hardwork . A very wonderful experience. Thank you Yale !
My name is Armstrong Chebii, I am from Kenya the Course has been really awesome. I enjoyed the lecture by Professor Paul Bloom. The tests were very fair, the outside readings were also very helpful. I look forward to continuing with Psychology.
I've enjoyed this course with Professor Bloom and I gained a huge insight on some of the issues that I personally deal with on a daily basis. The course was easy to follow, short and fun animated videos. Access to the reading library is useful.
Such an amazing course. I have already recommended it to others! I am sad that it's over! Hopefully Yale Psychology and Professor Bloom teaches another online course sometime soon. He was really a wonderful professor and the material was GREAT!
Love Blooms lectures! Complex topics are explained by practical examples which makes the content interesting and easier to learn. I can recommend both Introduction to Psychologie and Moralities of everyday life. Looking forward to the next one.
I thoroughly enjoyed taking this course. It's informational and you have an engaging professor who gets on the student's level by using everyday scenarios and simple terminology to explain complicated subjects such as development and language.
The course is very informative of Life issue and how to manage it. Even though its a beginners course it addresses each issue in a  deeper level. Professor Bloom explains everything in way any one can understand.I love his method of  teaching!
After the completion of this course, I am able to change my outlook for the world in which I am living, working and ageing. It has taught me how the internal and external aspects of human body contribute to human beings for their desired goal.
Excellent presentation, really engaging course. Will make you want to know more, will make you ask new questions while giving answers to some. The tests are not hard, they are just meant to make sure you really understand the things presented.
Interesting information, good narration, very good additional reading, all in a high speed. The animation that accompanies the course, almost makes it feel like a pod-cast - I didn't mind, note taking did not allow for too much watching anyway
Great course and I totally recommend this to anybody who would want to get an insight into the field of Psychology. The teaching style of Prof. Paul Bloom is outstanding and the videos of lectures are quite engaging and interesting as well!!!
It is an amazing and well-informed introduction to the vast world of psychology. Prof. Bloom does a great job of explaining the concepts very clearly and easily. A very informative course and further readings just help you cement the concept.
Professor Bloom is knowledgeable, engaging, and incredibly adept at presenting rather complicated concepts in an understandable and digestible way. I definitely would recommend this course to anyone interested in the human mind and behavior!
I found many 'a-ha' moments while learning. I got to know about the mind, the brain, how complex is a human body. I also got some hints to answer my questions about the things around me. Overall, I think this is a good course for a beginner.
Thank you so much for this course. I enjoyed each module and excited with the new knowledge. All the modules were clearly discussed by linking theory to practice. highly recommend this course to anybody who wants to learn more on Psychology.
I highly recommend this course because its eye opening and full of insight . It has changed my thinking and enabled me to become more knowledgeable about brain, personalities , child development, mental illness, happiness ,fear among others.
Professor Bloom is a great lecturer and the course contains lots of details.  I am very satisfied with the course and glad I took it online and look forward to enrol to other relevant courses.  Thank you for providing this opportunity to me.
This course was absolutely fantabulous. I am a secondary school school student and this year i will be in the high school so i am going to find Psychology as a very easy subject. I learnt what i was expecting to. Thanks Yale and coursera !
It was very interesting topic personally to me. The way you explained was very facinating.  Not only explaing but showing images and explaing is interesting thank you for your great time for teaching psychology. I am very gratitude to you.
I can honestly say that I have really enjoyed this course, not just because I enjoy learning about how we work but the lectures, the animations, the readings all kept me engaged and following. Thanks, I really needed this during this time!
Extremely Helpful, I have been interested in psychology all my life and was amazing to go through the process of formal education as it enforced some of my beliefs but more importantly completely disproved some other,  giving explanations.
This course is truly captivating! Talented lecturer- great teaching voice & interpersonal skills (evident, even from a screen!) I loved the animation, very imaginative & really enhanced the learning experience for me.  Enjoyed every minute
A fantastic introduction to the field of psychology. I feel like I now have a solid foundation for taking higher-level courses.  I also have a much better understanding of personalities and how people are alike and differ, in many regards.
I really enjoyed the course. As a beginner, it helped me to make a good analysis of the basic concepts of psychology. I became more interested to aspects like dream interpretation, self analysis, happiness, babies, mind control,et cetera.
Highly recommend this course as a basic introduction to psychology. The course is well structured and concepts are clearly explained with vivid examples. I like the animation version of the lecture which makes the course more interesting!
This course helped me in getting a wider notion of what Psychology is. I have always wondered if I should pursue a degree on Psychology. I am more aware now that what I would love to study is Clinical Psychology. Thank you, Paul and Yale.
I loved it. Thank you, professor Bloom! I would highly recommend this course to someone who wishes to have a brief overview of various fields and concepts of psychology. I must affirm the importance of the reading material provided along.
Thanks to Prof Bloom, I must confess that I've never been drawn to a course in this way. I could not stop watching the videos and reading the material. I thank you for opening my eyes and I intend doing more courses related to Psychology.
Very interesting and well done course! The animation was excellent! The only complaint I had was that sometimes (mostly in week 5) the animations covered up what was typed up on the "powerpoint" and it made it hard to copy down the notes.
Exceptionally wonderful and engaging course.  Prof. Bloom took each topic through various examples and incidents that made the whole course easily understandable and interesting. Looking for more courses mentored by Prof. Bloom in future.
Thoroughly enjoyable lectures - the professor is articulate, knowledgable and easy to understand. As someone new to the world of psychology, this course was informative and useful.  I'd recommend it to anyone looking for an introduction.
I enjoyed this intro course in psychology. It provides the basic insights of the field and the way of presentation and the additional references are quite appreciable. I strongly recommend this course for anyone interested in psychology.
The course provided just the right information for an introduction course. i must say Professor Bloom's classes were very engaging. The reading materials helped gain extra knowledge. I very much enjoyed listening and taking this cousre!
This course is one of the best I have done. Excellent information which is delivered in an excellent manner. So interesting absolutely enlightening , course quizzes were great too, learnt so much. Thanks to all involved with this course
This online course was amazing and super informative! Being a 1st year psychology student myself, I've learned a lot of extra things from this online course besides my classroom. I'm happy i chose this course. Thank you professor Bloom.
Great course!!!! I enjoyed a lot there is many information and all the topics were super interesting... I loved how the Professor explained them it was really catching.Thanks a lot!!! Now i want to continue researching about Psychology.
Very engaging video and lectures bt Professor Bloom. Lectures were also structured well in an organized manner. Furthermore, the survey questions were to the point and made me re-look into certain topics to refresh my memory. Well Done!
This is my first Coursera course but definitely not my last! So interesting and easy to follow. Thought it would be difficult to take this course in English but it wasn't. If your interested in Psychology I highly recommend this course!
Thanks a lot, doctor,This course helped me in understanding human behavior in a more better way and helped me realzising the power of psychology and how can we use it in everyday life.looking forward to doing more courses in psychology.
An excellent way to be introduced to such an interesting subject. I would religiously follow his suggestions in the conclusion about the question Now what? I think every student has on their mind. Thanks, Professor Bloom. Best Wishes!!!
I find this course great and extraordinary. Professor Bloom is perfect teacher and it was really nice experience to hear his lectures. The graphic setting is sooo engaging. I got a lot of psychology knowledge. It's really worth taking!
As a mental health patient, (paranoid schizophrenia, depression and anxiety) I learned a good bit more than I anticipated on learning. I really enjoyed the style of the lectures, the animation seemed to make it more interesting for me.
Great value for the time. I recommend this course to anyone who wants to improve their general knowledge on the topic and for those who are interested in learning what psychic disorders are there and how they are dealt with nowadays.
This course is great. I am lucky to have picked it as my first course on Coursera. It allows for you to learn at your pace and in as much depth as you wish while guaranteeing an understanding of the foundational tenets of psychology.
Coursera is the best application that is providing courses with certificate. Some of them are free and some need to be paid but they provide a trial also for paid courses. The quality of video is awesome in both the type of courses.
Thank you for to know these many things about the introduction of  psychology again thank you for providing this facilities I have learned useful things during corona vacation. Thank you for providing such a wonderful opportunities.
I really enjoyed learning about many facets of the science of psychology. I particularly enjoyed that I could balance the videos and additional reading around my full time job and still feel like I was making progress toward a goal.
The course gives a great introduction with enough information to keep it interesting and also make you want to read up more about psychology. Professor Bloom is great and the artist who animated the lectures deserves all the praise.
A very useful course for those interested to learn about the working of a human mind, social interactions, mental health, child psychology, differences among people's thought, behavior, attitude, feelings etc....Must do course!!....
Having no knowledge about Psychology, I ventured into this course to gauge it and I have to say, Prof Bloom has my mind intrigued. Following up each theory with an interesting example made it very easy for me to understand a point.
I loved this course! I thought it was very interesting, the course was clear, not too long, theoretical or vague. And also, the provided animations made it very structured and interactive and really added to the overall experience.
Nice, technical overview that goes into important historical figures in the field, the different sub-disciplines, and the scientific research underlying different models psychologists use to explain the functions of the human mind.
I really enjoyed learning introduction to psychology, actually i got interest in this subject, it was very interactive and informative course i ever learned. Thank you so much for making my quarantine days better with your course.
I would sincerely recommend this course for beginners , Very good for an introductory course. At end of the course you would definitely learn or know what you came for. Just stick at the beginning, it gets interesting  by the end.
Amazing course, provides a good overview of the study. I am a marketing professional and I was engaged during the complete duration of the course. It helps learn the basics and serves its title of 'Introduction to psychology' well
this course has been useful as it increased my cognitive thinking regarding numerous subjects and may to some extent allow you to analyze peoples behavior overall i would recommend this course to start off in the psychology field.
this was a great course for beginners, I am an engineer and I have nothing to do with psychology but this course was so much fun and I enjoyed every bit of it. The material is easy to follow and the extra readings are beneficial.
Course "Introduction to Psychology" has a lot of useful and interesting information. It is not difficult to understand terms with funny pictures and other elements involved in lectures. I am happy that I found this online course.
I have enjoyed the course. Through this course, I realized that I have taken a few things in life for granted especially on language. Definitely a good course to understand and appreciate the different groups of people around us!
This course gave me a great overview of what are the areas studied in psychology and a lot of valuable insights . The level of details and pace of the course were really adapted so that I can really enjoy the learning experience
The most engaging & well-done course I took here so far. I watched some YouTube lections by Paul Bloom and instatly felt I needed to take this course (for business and pleasure), and it was one of the best decisions I ever made.
I enjoyed taking the course and as I learned - happy emotions in the end lead to a more positive overview of this course- even when the brain part was more complex :) The video lessons where also very good to follow. Thank You!
This course summaries and gives you all the basic information that you need to know about psychology in general, not only the clinical psychology.The videos are dynamic and the the professor technique to explain is really good!
This course is great not only for the students who want to pursue psychology but also to every human who likes to have a better understanding of themselves and the people around them. I highly recommend this course to everyone.
If you have always had an interest in learning basic psychology and how therapy works, this is the course for you. it is not very technical yet very informative, so even if you arent from a science background, you will love it.
Professor Paul Bloom does an amazing job breaking down some of psychologies fundamental questions and discoveries into a great 6 week course. i don't have any complaints, it was wonderfully educational yet pretty simple really.
Introduction to psychology opened my eyes on subject of great interest such as child development and how intelligence is ‘’received’’. It was a pleasure taking this course and I hope to see more classes given by this professor.
A perfect introduction for beginner like me. Trying to enter a whole new academical subject isn't easy for part-time student like me. A good introduction makes me to realize my suitability for this subject, and this is the one.
It is an excellent resume of the many areas where Psychology could made researches and help to improve the general Subjective Well-Being, educating more about different personalities and mental illness to a more healthy world.
It is a very informative, detailed and helpful course. Proff. Paul Bloom is a very good teacher and made the course easy to understand. I would definitely recommend it anyone who is interested in or wants to pursue psychology.
Well delivered course, covers a basic understanding of many different areas of psychology- good for beginners who have never done any psychology before. Good lecturer, gives good examples and feels like he enjoys his subjects.
Thank you, Prof. Bloom! Your dedication and effort, which you have invested into this course, are very much appreciated. Wish you the best in your further advancement, both as a scientist and a professor..br Ilya / Moscow - RU
Thank you very much for this course! It was the first course that I did from the beginning till the end. I'm very excited now and strongly believe in self-education, distance education, self-discipline, and myself in general!
Amazing course! Perhaps the best course I have ever taken. The professor was great, the materials were greatly presented and the topics were interesting. This course inspired me to delve deeper into the science of psychology.
Very easily and well presented materials! Interesting and engaging attention presentations! This course will definitely leaves you with desire to dig more into the topics and get excited about the world inside and around you!
Professor Paul Bloom covered topics in good lengths under heading of introduction, it was engaging and very much interesting from class 1 to the end. So well made I lost track of time sometimes and online learning was great.
The presentation of this course was stellar! I think it caters to all learning types (visual, auditory, etc). There are lots of additional resources included which boost understanding of each topic. There was no dull moment.
This was the most difficult and yet rewarding course yet. The reading time is not accurate but it’s worth all of it! I wish Professor Bloom would do many courses here. Absolutely recommend to anyone curious about psychology.
Professor Bloom made me fall in love with the subject, so much so that I looking to pursue a degree in the field. I couldn't have asked for a better person/teacher to introduce me to this wonderful and fascinating Subject...
Excellent course!!! The lectures are very very interesting!  I enjoyed this course a lot!  The animation is fun! Bloom is very easy to follow! This course is really important for everyone! Thanks for this course so much!!!❤️
This is  basic course on psychology but I enjoyed studying it as it allowed me to understand the studying of Psychology. I think many learners will take advantages of this 
course for themselves, their study or work they do.
It is a great start to climb the big tree of psychology. The format is quite fascinating yet precise. Prof. Bloom has done a great job in compiling such a vast sea into a stream for first-timers. Thank you, much appreciated.
I absolutely LOVED this course. Paul is a great professor that put the classes perfectly together in an interesting manner. I definitely learned more about psychology with this course and I fully recommend it to everyone :)
It was simply amazing to take the Course, for the Professor was really engaging, the examples were relatable and easy to understand and the overall understanding of psychology, its fundamentals, has become quite clear, now.
Truly a wonderful course to give the best overview of Psychology. I love how Prof. Bloom explained everything so well. I would definitely recommend to anyone who is interested in this subject. You will not be disappointed.
Fabulous course, well taught, and some very interesting helpful information in all of the 6 weeks. Im so glad I signed up for this course and will be on the look out for the next Psychology course taught by this professor.
I learned a lot and I will continue enhancing my knowledge about psychology thanks to recommended reading materials! Thank you very much for such a great course, interactive videos, and thought-provoking research findings.
Paul Bloomer's teaching methodology should be implemented for other courses to stimulate interest in vital fields of the modern world. It was a pleasure to have such an insightful professor as my mentor during the course.
Great introduction to psychology, Prof. Blook certainly helped me understand the extend of what psychology covers, the course was easy to take, the reading material provided additional depth. Very happy with the outcome!
I am so happy I started using Coursera to learn new things. In particular, i'm very impressed with this course "Introduction to Psychology" and professor Bloom especially. Great and memorable 6 weeks, thank you for that!
I really enjoyed the course. It was interesting. I think I learned a lot and this is not my first encounter with psychology. But still I was able to find something new and a lot of things made me thinking. Thank you. :-)
I enjoyed joining this online course. As someone who doesn't have any background with psychology, I can digest all the materials with ease. All thanks to "Introduction to Psychology" from Yale University's online course.
Great course! The animations in the videos made the lectures very engaging. Professor Bloom did a great job explaining the concepts and I've come out of the course with a better foundation on the topics about psychology.
I loved this course! The style of the animation really kept me interested and I honestly feel like I got a lot out of it. The professor is very respectful and is great at explaining everything in a way that makes sense.
This is an excellent introductory course that dwells on a lot of fundamental, interesting questions and ideas. I found it very useful and insightful. It is absolutely worth your time if you know nothing about the field.
Every lecture was really informative.  There was one or two items in every lecture that a wrestled with as they didnt seem to hold in my or my peers' lives. Loved the format...I think it really helped with the learning.
Professor Bloom did a terrific job of putting forth to us the course of introduction to psychology. The lectures were very interesting and animated content made it, a  fun experience. Thank you so much, Professor Bloom.
Really well put together course. A great introduction to psychology, glad I took this online and not at my university. Not too long of a course with multiple additional readings if you are interested in a certain topic!
The detailed knowledge that this course covers it immensely amazing. I'm thankful for taking this course. And special thanks to the professor Pauls Bloom for your enthusiasm throughout the classes that I really enjoyed
An engaging and thoughtful introduction to a wide variety of topics in the field of psychology. My only complaint is that Dr. Bloom doesn't have any more advanced courses listed here. And I LOVED the animatied format!
It is a very complete and quite enriching course for people who did not have full knowledge on the subject but a great interest in being able to obtain accurate information from qualified professionals on the subject.
Professor Bloom's very knowledgeable about what he teaches. I've learned so much about psychology because of this course, but I can tell that I've just scratched the surface. I can't wait to learn more in the future.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. The lecturer was very engaging and explained topics well. Love the effort put into animation and sound effects. Will actually miss watching these lectures. Definitely giving 5 stars :)
Engaging and informative! The professor does a marvelous job taking such a broad and complex topic and condensing it down to six weeks of lectures. It has helped me decide if Psychology is something I want to pursue.
Most of the major concepts in the field of psychology has been explained by Professor Bloom in a clear cut manner that in a way encourages us to look within ourselves and make us a better person as per one's ability.
A really fascinating introduction to psychology, including everything from the fundamentals, through to complex themes such as mental health, prejudice and happiness. Very enjoyable lectures which are well presented.
Not only was this course thoroughly engaging, but the variety of psychology fields discussed allowed a well-rounded introduction to the discipline and the ability to further investigate the field that interests you.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course largely due to Dr. Bloom's teaching style. It was fun and exciting, learning about Psychology and I am certainly focused on more studies focused on the subject of cognitive behavior.
My very first online course. I learned a lot and I am looking forward to taking more courses on Psychology.Thank you Paul Bloom and Yale University for making this course available to people seeking more knowledge.
Paul was an amazing instructor, animated in the way he spoke, engaged, and passionate about Psychology. This is my first course, and I would love to take another course from Professor Bloom! He does not disappoint!
An engaging, in-depth, yet simply explained, overview of the broad field of psychology! Thoroughly enjoyed and I would highly recommend to anyone who hasn't done psychology before but is looking to study it more :)
Thank you so much for this introductory course. I will definitely review some videos every now and again as a refresher. You have mentioned some incredible and useful information that I can use in my everyday life.
Really, I absolutely enjoyed taking this course! Professor Paul Bloom did an incredible job explaining the course material and providing additional reading materials to further my knowledge throughout this course.
Excellent course for a beginner like me. I will definitely revise this course afterwards since I don't want to forget the content in this course. The course is very valuable. Thank you for such a beautiful course.
Prof Bloom is a very engaging and  enlightening teacher he makes the course very in teresting with references to movies and songs and current topics. Thanks for the very good lectures and notes and references Sir
Best online course I've ever taken and one of my precious finds during the pandemic lockdown. Every lecture is enthralling and the recommended readings are very informative. This course deserves a 5+ star rating.
This has been a very valuable and well worth period of study it has provided me with not just an overview or awareness level of Psychology but has now started a bit of a fire in my wanting to learn more.Mike Begg
Lovely and Lively. An excellent showcase of introductory psychology. Couldn't think of better introductory psychology course than this. And the two sentences with which the Professor ends this course is so warm.
Comprehensive introductory courses to various domains of psychology. Prof Bloom is excellent and his video lessons are supported by helpful visuals to memorize a rich content; additional resources also provided.
This is a great course that is easy to follow. It covers a wide range of all sorts of psychological topics and I can recommend this to anyone looking to dip their toes into the experience of studying Psychology.
Simply amazing! Not once I felt like I was getting bored with the course. Mr Bloom must be the most didatic, patient and well informed teacher I ever had in an online class. Simply fantastic. Kudos from Brazil!
For someone who wanted a glimpse of what psychology is, this course gave me  a brief overview of psychology.  The reading materials and suggested articles provide more knowledge on discussed topics in lectures.
This was a very nice course. I came to know about so much things in Psychology. Previously I don't have knowledge about psychology but completing this course makes me interested for further studying Psychology.
This was a really fun and engaging course. The animated lectures were great and all of the content was fascinating. As an intro class, I was surprised by both the depth and breadth of the information presented.
Awesome  experience! I learnt a little about the mind and its connection  with our body and life ,without  harming my brain. Thank you for your insightful lectures. I going to cherish this for a long long time.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I am now fascinated with this subject and looking forward to further learning. Thankyou for an interesting and well presented course. I could listen to professor Bloom all day!
This is probably the best course to start your journey in psychology, professor bloom covers every aspect and topics of interest with amazing content and lecture, highly recommended. Thank you professor bloom.
The course was interactive. It gave good idea and understanding about the basic psychology as well as few points in dept. The videos and readings were informative and it kept engaging me throughout the course.
Really excellent course giving an overview of many different areas of psychology. Very engaging lecturer -and the animation worked really well. Would recommend for people with minimal background in psychology.
Thanks and I really appreciate all the valuable information shared on this course. It has given a broader insights into what psychology is all about. I have gain so much from such a short yet effective course.
An excellent course with an incredible teacher. Both the way classes are held and the videos are of a giant quality. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for more knowledge about psychology and its history.
It's an extremely helpful course for those who are studying the topic and for those who just what to learn more about the human mind and there behaviors. It's a complete introduction worth of giving it a try.
This course taught me things that I never thought I was capable of learning in the most imaginative way possible. I would highly recommend it to anyone who as an interest in psychology or curiosity in general
This course was very thorough and engaging. It was flexible with my schedule and wasn't overly time consuming. Overall, it was definitely worth the time and investment. I was so impressed and would recommend!
I'm a senior citizen and this is my first experience with an online class. I enjoyed the class, I'm looking forward to choosing my next. Thanks for making these classes free for those of us on a fixed income.
Thank you for providing this incredible course free of charge.  The quality of the teaching is exceptional, I have learned so much and thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  Paul, you are an absolute super star.
I really love the way the course is explained,  clear and easy to imagine and picture  out the situations. The author is very professional and speaks slowly making space for  better understanding the lessons.
As I am a beginner i find this course as my first step and i feel pretty confident about the things i have learnt and i can do my research in my interested area for more knowledge. It felt nice to the course,
Greatly though out and interesting, the professor is current, engaging and funny and his choice of the TED talk videos was on point! Plus, true to the teachings, a great ending to the whole course :) Thanks!
I enjoyed the course. The lecturer has a pleasant voice, and the manner of delivering information was engaging. Although English is not my mother tongue, I did not have any issues with grasping the material.
Great intro courseVery nicely done in form of engaging animationPaul keeps it very interesting, easy to follow and educationalHighly recommend for anyone interested in introductory type of psychology courses
Dr. Bloom is certainly a great teacher who knows how to organize such a broad field into a course containing all the core information that is necessary for a newbie to get a grip of psychology. It was great!
This course is basic, but really engaging and give new knowledge or refresh it. Helpful for life and understanding yourself, people, and how do we live in society.Thanks a lot to Yale University!Five stars!
Outstanding course for anyone who is interested in the field or wants to starta career or further their education. Paul Bloom is very educational and delivers each lesson with thorough professionalism. 5/5!
This course was fantastic. Super engaging Professor and fantastic illustrations to help convey key concepts. If you are looking for an accessible introduction to Psychology I strongly recommend this course.
Thanks Paul and the team at Yale. I thoroughly enjoyed and learnt so much from this course. The different mediums If communication were exactly what enabled me to learn so thoroughly. Thanks so much again.
Took this class to help pass the time during quarantine and now have found my self questioning where I go from here, as I am thirsty for more! Very engaging and kept me wanting to to read more into it all.
I really enjoy this course, I love the way that professor booom teach this course. I was able to understand the whole course. I think that every resource that we used for this course was very well prepared
very engaging , informative and inquisitive. i was interested and fascinated throughout. Amazing to understand overall ideas and concept. Professor is very engaging and elaborate through out. Excellent !!
I expected to receive a comprehensive view of the field of psychology, so that I could identify areas that interest me and delve into them. The course delivered that in an interesting and engaging manner.
It is a very engaging and a very interesting course. The faculty is great as well as the videos and the readings. I really like the course. It gave me a broader understanding of foundations of psychology.
All information was well presented and written.  I've always had an interest in psychology, and taking this course was the right decision.  My knowledge on this subject has expanded a million.  Thank you.
Excellent course, introduction to psychology, that captivates the mind to expand knowledge about all branches of
Psychology. I appreciate this opportunity and I hope to continue online with you.Thank you.
it was a great satisfaction for me in completing this course, I highly recommend it to anyone with interest in psychology or human disorder. the course will help you discover so many things about yourself
I like the way how  prophesier explains the topics. I have computer bachelor degree in science and this field is new to me, after 2 weeks of this course, I'm interesting to get more courses like this one.
I love that I had the opportunity to have a taste of ivy league school education. These lectures were incredible and the artwork that brings the lectures to life were above and beyond. A terrific course.
Awesome! I have learned a lot, information Is well organiced and perfectly presented. Topics were really accurate for someone like me that wants to have a first approach yo pshicology science. Thank you!
Well, this course was very exceptional in its kind. Thank you, Sir Paul Bloom, for presenting Psychology subject in such a great way. Hats off to this platform for giving us opportunity to learn more :')
One of the best courses I have taken on Coursera so far. I loved the animation videos used and the knowledge of the professor and his style of teaching in the form of storytelling was really impressive.
I found the course very well designed and taught. I particularly enjoyed the graphics used. Explanations where always clear and with the right amount of detail. I like the course very much! Thank you!!!
It is an excellent course on Psychology. For people like me, who know nothing about it, it is a wonderful way to enter the amazing world of mind, behaviors and great thinkers in the field of Psychology.
This course was informational and enlightening. I feel what I have been taught has enhanced my knowledge of psychology. It's also not too challenging but not easy either, so it's completely stress-free.
Professor Bloom just made psychology a dozen times simpler to understand. I come from a non-psychology background and for me the experience was phenomenal ,educative ,calming and precise.Thank you sir.
Great, in-depth material. Highly recommend if you need a refresher into psychology, are interested in the fields of psychology or just want to understand what psychology is in it's many diverse fields.
Great class! Very comprehensive, knowledgeable professor with a ton of great resources. I would highly recommend taking this course if you'd like a comprehensive, accessible introduction to psychology.
Prof. Bloom is a charming tutor. His simple language and easy to grasp voice makes this course great for beginners. I also want to appreciate the animator who's behind this exceptional work. Great job!
Fantastic course. Clearly thought through and laid out, and the animations are a blast. And I think it was actually narrated in a lecture hall, which adds to the overall experience. Highly recommended.
Thoroughly enjoyed learning the course. Learnt many simple psychological based analysis. "Happiness" module is the one, which made me realize what I'm. Thanks to the Instructor and the Yale University.
Pretty compact but well-delivered course that introduces many of the fundamental concepts and is filled with lots of cool examples. It doesn't have boring stuff, and I was hooked from start to the end.
this course was an eye opener in terms of how the human minds functions. made me understand the psyche of the same. Together with the video and examples based on the topics made it an interesting read.
The course was really good but I felt that the last session regarding to happiness was not as deep as the rest of the course. I feel we can learn much more of that... it was a bit shallow at the end.
Excellent course for an introduction to the world of psychology. It's a shame there isn't enough time to deepen into some of these topics, such as psychology or mental illness, which are fascinating.
I cannot wait to enrol for my next course !! I feel like a different person, much more enlightened and educated. I cant begin tot hank the designers of this course and our very sweet professor Bloom.
I highly recommend this course to anyone willing to understand about the basic history and origins of psychology, scientific approach but full of insights and inspiration to go further in the matter.
Very helpful information for basic knowledge in psychology. I never learned the Psychology subject as I am an Economics graduate but I truly enjoyed this course. Thank you, Paul and Yael university.
This course is very interesting. I enjoyed it so much. This is my first psychology course, I leant so many wonderful facts about psychology. thank you very much...Prof.bloom is very good instructor.
This is my third course in Coursera. Best of all three! The subject matter, Professor Bloom and animated class were all equally interesting. I never lost interest for a second. Please bring Part II.
This course is fantastic for people who wants to get a better understanding of psychology overall. If you're one of those, you'll realize that psychology goes way beyond of just Clinical Psychology.
This course matched my recall (1993) of Intro Psych. I took the course to review new ideas in the field. Knowledge of the existence of Cognitive Enhancement Therapy made this course worth the time.
Incredible, professor Bloom explains in a way that makes you want to learn more and more! Awesome, everybody needs to take this course for life, it opens your mind to a new world of possibilities!
Your one stop destination to get to know all the basics to psychology and to explore the works of Freud and B.F Skinner, along with other famous psychologists. Completely engaging and informative.
Excellent course, very interesting for psychology fans like me, who find myself studying another career. I loved the scientific and professional approach it offers, and the very complete materials
I like this online course very much and also the explanation given by Professor Paul Bloom. Thank you for University Yale in giving me the opportunity. Thank you for Professor Paul Bloom's effort.
Thank you so much for the lovely insights... I love the format and the approach that you had taken.. Then examples make the concepts easier and the additional reading material gives great insights
Paul Bloom is an excellent professor and this course is a triumph! I enjoyed the thorough overview of psychological ideas and the art that accompanied the lectures only made them more compelling!
Thank you Prof. Bloom for this engaging course, I have learn a great deal of it and look forward to seeing similar format for immediate and advanced psychology course on this platform. Thank you.
it was an amazing platform for the beginners who want to know the basics of psychology. I am so glad I found this at the right time and I'm grateful to coursera for giving us such an oppurtunity.
The course was very helpful to understand all aspect of life that happens on the daily bases when dealing with others.It really got me motivated to continue learn more about Psychology.Thank you.
I am not a psychology student, but I am pursuing psychology as a hobby. This course made my psychology classes much more interesting and interactive. I thank professor for this wonderful course.
Great program.......this was opening my mind to things that were wonderful. The pace was good and allowed me to complete this course within my available free time...Thanks a million, Professeur.
Wow! This course was very interesting, the way Professor Bloom arranged the lectures and simplified them made understanding the course quite easy. This was a good way to spend the covid-19 break
An amazing opportunity for me to learn about psychology in such a simple and  clear manner.Nice platform for those wanting to enhance their analytical ability and polish their abstract thinking
The most engaging lecturer I've ever had, regardless of it being completely online. Strong content provided, engaging videos and descriptive readings overviewing topics and case studies. 10/10.
It was an great experience and a great course, I thank you Yale and professor Paul for such a course.I got to learn a very good base of psychology and I’m pretty sure it would help me in future
This course was engaging, helpful, inspiring, educational and I loved every minute of it. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in Psychology, this course was truly amazing.
A very engaging course from one of the best universities of the world. I liked the professor manner of teaching. The last surveys were mentioned in the course, which is great. Highly recommend!
This course is very good for beginners. It introduces basic concepts and views in the field, in a very friendly way. I am not majoring in psychology but I still found it interesting and useful.
Dr. Paul Bloom is a great instructor and expert in the field of psychology. I understand the topic better and was able to relate all topics he discussed to the real-world scenarios and events.
Paul is awesome. The organization of the material, the way Paul explains and presents it, and the visual aids, the animation combined to make an excellent and easy to digest course. Thank you
This course has given me the foundation to Psychology. Professor Bloom's instruction and guidance is thorough, easy to understand, the knowledge provided by the course is basic and receptive.
Very informational course! I would recommend anyone to take it as long you are interested in psychology. The information is put into mostly bite-sized videos which makes it easier to consume.
The lectures were really easy to follow and understand with very good examples supporting the lessons. The simple animated videos were great, with pictures and sounds supporting the lectures.
No matter what field you're on, this course will give you a better insight of what's going on inside people's minds and how they tend to behave with respect to what is happening around them.
Loved the course... easy to understand. Its a great way to identify the next steps you want to take on the branch of psychology.. using the cartoonish method was marvelous and surprising...
Great beginner's course, and great professor. I am definitely more excited about psychology and i believe everyone should study the foundation of it. It is a necessity for our life journey.
The course designed was very helpful as it allowed me to know in-depth about many topics, and Professor Bloom also explained many of the topics by giving really good and relatable examples.
One of the best courses that I have done online till date.  I would surely recommend this course to anyone who are interested and curious to get a brief idea about the basics of psychology.
This was my first course on Coursera and also on Psychology. I found it both intense and rich, I am so glad I took the course. The trainer was engaging. I give the course delivery 5 stars.
The course materials were very interesting and explained in a very easy manner by Professor Bloom. Overall, had a great experience learning this course and getting started with Psychology.
I have the bigger picture of Psychology, now I can decide which branch of Psychology suits me, I have looked into Under Graduates courses for Social or Organisational Psychology, let's go!
The professor was very clear and concise in his lectures and gave us an excellent introduction to psychology, while also giving us many good examples and findings from the psychology field
Great course! Prof. Bloom is really a great teacher. Learned a lot about human psychology through this course which added up gaining more knowledge and curiosity about this field of study.
it was wonderful learning about psychological aspects of our lives with DR.PAUL. Every point was covered and i liked the classes which considered topics like emotion and mental disorders.
I really love this course. I can spend my life better than before and I know that something wrong with my brain then I went to check with the doctor. Thank you so much for all knowledges.
This course is much more than that I thought of a mere Psychology class.All the fundamentals are explained well enough and overall I believe I made the right decision to join this course.
The more we look at the human brain and how it works from a serious scientific point of view, the more we appreciate its complexity, its uniqueness and its beauty. And I can't agree more.
A lot of abundant content and useful materials. Great and well-articulated concepts. It'd be even better if more real-live examples or daily examples are used to illustrate the concepts.
I enjoy professor Bloom's lecture very much. The contents are well structured and comprehensive. Professor Bloom also delivers the lecture in a fun and comfortable way. Highly recommend!
I really enjoyed the course, the professor it's great, the graphics in the videos are awesome and I consider that I learned a little bit more about psychology and I fall in love with it.
I really enjoyed this course. The simplicity as well as detailed-oriented nature has propelled me to want to further my knowledge of psychology. Thank you Prof Bloom and Yale University.
It was my first time taking an on-line course and it was fantastic.  Thank you so much now I think I can further my education on-line.  I just hope everybody is as good as our professor.
It was a really good overview of psychology. I was alway interessted in pychology but never did any courses before. For me it gave a idea of what I like to learn/focos next. Good videos.
Loved the way course is formatted. Professor was engaging, but listening to the same voice in every lecture is kind of boring. additionally, Subtitles need to be improved in some places.
Excellent course for beginners. Prof. Blooms lectures are very interesting, engaging and his wonderful style of sharing the knowledge with examples and animations is really commendable.
Awesome! Great foundation to work from if you want to begin a journey understanding your own mind or the minds of others. The start of a path to self discovery and psychology education.
I really enjoyed this course. It is interactive enough even though it was taught online and for most part of it theories had been accompanied with examples to help better understand it.
Excellent! Great videos, easy to understand and well constructed. A great basic overview of the field of Psychology for any one interested in a career or just for general interest sake.
Very thorough and engaging course to give students a clear insight into the world of psychology. It has encouraged me to read more books and watch movies recommended by Professor Bloom.
Really interesting, informative, and engaging!  A good course that will certainly make you absorb new information thoroughly! Well constructed course and incredible learning experience!
Very informative video lectures, not tiring at all, exactly the opposite. Grounded on current research and many relevant fields in the area, not just the clinical or mental-health ones.
Very interesting course. Never thought it could be so relevant to our life. To understand some psychology obviously is good for our life. Thanks a lot for giving us such a great course.
Amazing, attention-catching, interactive, interesting and well-covered in-depth most central topics of psychology for those interested in taking up higher degree studies on the subject.
This was amazing course, I enyoyed every minute of it, proffessor Bloom was very enganging, woud recommend it to anyone. Great experience, one woud benefit my carier and personal life.
best course I've ever had! I feel like I've learned lots of things and it opened my mind to some stuff I never thought of. The professor is amazing, and he explained everything easily.
Course content covering all the required topics of psychology was great and all the sessions from Professor Bloom were fantastic. Very interesting and loved every bit of it. Thank you.
Very interesting and helpful to get an overview of what psychology is. If you are interested take it! It'll help you identify what you're most interested in when it comes to this area.
I absolutely loved this course, I have wanted to study psychology for awhile but wasn't sure which one interested  me more.. This course is perfect for finding out what you want to do!
The first timers would see it as a very engaging and interesting field to take in knowledge about. The Professor explains in a very simple and interesting way with plenty of examples.
What a fantastic course! I loved how the lectures were both visually and auditorily engaging. I have not felt such motivation to study like this for a long time. Thank you Paul Bloom!
Fantastic course. The instructor has succeeded in entertaining us with the basic aspects of psychology and creating a sense of genuine interest amongst us to study more elaboratively.
Amazing course, one of the first courses I've taken in psychology. It has completely changed my view of the world and Professor Bloom is wonderful, he explains everything really well.
Very precise, to the point. I think this course is an amazing medium to learn more about the working human mind and to just understand yourself and others in a way you haven't before.
I recommend everyone (even those who are from fields unrelated to psych) to go through this course. It just explains and gives insights about a lot of factors involved in everything.
It's was an amazing course. I learnt so many things from this course. Actually it is a dream become true. Thank you professor for teaching it more interestingly. Once again thank you
Its great course with simple understandable explanations for a variety of topics in psychology. I would highly recommend it to any one who is interested to start learning psychology.
Thoroughly enjoyed the lecture. It brought me so much insight in many aspects of my life, past, present and future. The professor’s love and enthusiasm about the topic is contagious.
Really enjoyed this course and professor, much more structured than a course I recently took online with Harvard, also really enjoyed the lectures from Professor Bloom, very engaging
Happy to have an insightful introductory approach to the vast field of psychology.This will help me to think more reasonably to analyse how our mind works and the sole outcome of it.
Excellent, I recommend to all the people interested in psychology it'll give you some basic knowledge that after this you can go deep and that the basics to explore some themes more.
thank you for professional introduction about psychology, combing our real life and practical experience. Through this course, I can work with several effective tips about education.
Thank you for this beautiful, well organized course. It covers essential parts in the field of psychology and motivates me as well to pursue a degree. Highly recommended to everyone!
Introduction to Psychology by Yale university was a good and helpful course for me. I learned more ideas through this course. It will help me in my learning and career perspectives.
Very informative course for the ones who want to deepen the knowledge in psychology. All contents transmitted captivatingly. Animated videos with subtitles that facilitate learning.
Loved the course. So much new information to think about. Although I won't pursue a career in psychology, the knowledge I received will be definitely valuable at some point of life.
This course provides great insights with meaningful arguments and readings. Anybody who wants to start from somewhere wrt to Psychology should definitely go for this online course.
I have explored many things ,which is quite interesting and fun about psychology.I beleive that my learnings from this course can cultivate my knowledge and will help in my career.
The videos, accompanied by the readings, extra sources and videos really gave me a good grounding in the basics of the subject. Very interesting and engaging the whole way though!
I learned quite a lot about the basics of Psychology, my understanding in Training and Coaching people on their communication skills have now a deaper meaning and stronger impact.
I think everyone who took a part in the creation of this online course did a wonderful job, and a special thanks to the professor who was truly engaging and very fun to listen to.
Amazing course! The videos and readings are very relevant and Prof. Bloom was the best instructor with his simple examples and sense of humour. Thank you for this quality course!
What an interesting course. It has motivated me to read more about psychology and related topics. Professor Bloom was wonderful, always talking to the point.  Highly-recommended!
I am very happy to have acquired my certificate in Introduction to Psychology, I will keep on taking more online courses using the Coursera learning platform.Thank you PROF BLOOM
It was amazing! This course helped me to understand my children, my partner and even me. I'm completely amazed by Psychology. It was the most interesting course I have ever had!
This course was quite useful for me.It gave me some encouragement to face the problems.It helps to come out of fear and face the life with courage.it improves our mental health.
There was never a dull point in the course. Professor Bloom was successful in giving a comprehensive overview of the subject by keeping it interesting and insightful throughout.
i enjoyed this course ! the only frustration is cannot figure out how to get the certificate...would love to continue taking courses ,by obtaining certificates , need guidance!
Very insightful course! I would definitely recommend it as it is well explained and uses a wide array of examples and videos to clarify the trickiest aspects of the discipline.
Packed full of great information with a sprinkle of humor taught by a professor with a wonderful voice.I hope he has more classes and recommend this class to anyone interested.
I believe this course will help me to understand and treat my patients better and ease their life.  Thank you, Dr Paul Bloom and Coursera for this opportunity. Dr Alvin (India)
Very interesting course, very well prepared, with interesting, well prepared and detailed materials and videos. A lot of new things or new information for already known things.
Nice course, It was a nice learning experience for the new topic and very interesting lectures. Thank you very much for the instructor to gave a awesome lectures and materials.
I was searching for more of professor blooms and found YouTube lectures, completed them too . Mr bloom is a great teacher . I learned a lot and carving for more.Thank you Sir.
The course was very informative and It will help an individual to learn about psychology on an introductory level which will build the base of his further study in this field.
Loved this course. Professor Bloom is knowledgeable, animated and interesting. This course was a pleasure to follow as well as a key component in my career change. Thank you !
This course is amazing.  I have always wanted to study Psychology and this has been a fantastic way to learn so much, over a short period of time.  Professor Bloom is awesome!
to be honest without going to this class i wouldnt have know that those crazy thought thats been going around in my head, those question.. people have done research on it. lol
it's a really a good course for introduction and the way professor tell the knowledge and story is really interesting ,so i learn it well and get more interseted in psychology
the course was easy and very easy to understand the methods was clear and it was a fun course i will encourage everyone who need to learn in dept about psychology to take it
The visuals all throughout the course kept me extremely engaged and wanting to learn more each day. The content which would usually be boring was put in an enjoyable format.
Has some pacing issues with the reading and a lot of info wasn't test relevant in the clinical section but all and all it was great for understanding psychology a bit better
It has been the best course I've taken so far in this learning platform, I enjoyed it very much and grew fond fo the professor and his descriptive and well thought examples.
The professor is extremely descriptive and the examples that he uses are extremely helpful. I learned so much in this course and I believe this has helped me for the future.
Animations are very well organized to emphasize the critical points. Especially who are not native English users. These helps us to understand clearly the main idea. Thanks
This is no doubt the best course ever, it changed my entire perspective of studying and psychology, i was able to learn comfortably, I wish to find more such courses ahead.
This was my first course via Cousera and I absolutely loved it. I learned so much about psychology and about myself. The videos and readings were both excellent. Thank you!
Amazing. I had never studied psychology before and now I feel I have a overall understanding of most if not all areas of psychology. Very well explained and easy to follow.
I loved it! Very intresting and relevant info, even for a person who has no previous knowledge/education in psychology. Very well structured and easy to understand lectures
It is such an interesting course, it's takes into context everything pertaining to psychology and how it affects us. Teaching method was great, easy to understand. Nice one
This is an amazing class that i recommend to everyone. With the tone of knowledge and professional of teaching skills. I do like the information and the way we learn. GOOD!
Great Introduction to Psychology and delivered in a very informative manner that supports different learning styles. I wish all universities delivered content in this way.
It was really a good experience in joining this course i have learnt a lot from psychology,mental illness and about social skills so i would say it was amazing experience.
Really enjoyed the course. The extra reading material was a wonderfull extra. It has also given me a good basic understanding, and the pathway to my next lecture.Thank you
It was a great course. Professor Bloom's engaging style and visual reference helped me a lot in understanding the overall content of the course. It was a nice experience.
Great course. Nice experience. Best use of my time during lockdown period.Special thanks to Prof. Bloom and Coursera for providing free access to such a wonderful course.
Fantastic course and professor who makes the course relevant and easy to understand. 10/10 recommend this course to anyone who wants a better understanding of psychology.
It's an interesting course, the lectures are captivating. The way the lectures are done is creative. The material covered is just what you need as a newbie to psychology.
I was thinking about changing my career. And Professor Bloom definitely helped me to love psychology even more and to consider it as my new career!It was very interesting
Prof Bloom is so fluid in explaining all the concepts. The different aspects of psychology covered are practical and condensed. Really happy that i took up the course :)
I've taken a lot of psychology courses on coursera but this one is definitely the best, it briefly covers up everything and in really interesting, you want to learn more
So incredibly well taught, engaging, wonderful use of both animation and real life images and videos. Professor was easy to follow and understand. 10/10 would recommend.
Great course! Always had an interest on this branch, now I know better than ever! Nicely explained topics with everyday examples. Mr. Paul Bloom did great as instructor.
Very well articulated and helpful -- I am thrilled to be a part of this course. In addition, I am grateful for the generous financial aid to make my enrollment possible!
Brilliant course, I took my time on completing this course, It was effective to do it with a slow pace, It was a really great experience to learn it in an animated way.
I loved this course, even I have learned about this previously, I found the structure of the information very interesting, I liked the profesors style a lot and videos.
Good quality videos and reading materials, easy to understand, and very comprehensive. Overall, a good place to start learning for those who's interested in psychology.
Itwas awsome  experience  for me.Also i never get a chance lik this.I am extremely happyThanks for the wonderful teachers for giving a beautiful class in simply method.
Really excellent - great intro to a fascinating field; Prof Bloom is terrific and I loved the animation/illustration. Really engaging and interesting - I learned a lot.
You will leave the course asking more questions and implementing your learnings into everyday life, there is an enigmatic touch to the lesson. I highly recommend it! :)
Amazing lectures and perfect content coverage. I'm walking away with exactly what I hoped to get from that course: an overview of the key topics covered by Psychology.
This course is well structured. It explained interesting psychological topics in a memorable way. It definitely encourage me to enroll in an another next level course.
Definitely a course worth taking for those interested to know about Psychology. The view and perspective increased to a whole new level after understanding the course.
To be my first online course I feel like I coudn't chose a better option. I really enjojed it. Thank you so much Paul Bloom and team. All my gratitude from Lima, Perú.
Extremely interesting introduction course which Professor Bloom made really engaging. It gave me the overview I was expecting about the different fields of psychology.
Perfectly paced. Excellent animation. Likeable lecturing style from Paul. Highly recommend this for anyone has an interest in furthering their knowledge of Psychology.
The best course on Psychology. All the weekly contents are taught with clarity and in an entertaining fashion. Paul Bloom is the best psychology teacher in the world.
Introduction to Psychology by Mr. Paul Bloom from The Yale University was an amazing experience. I have learned countless lessons from this course. Thank you so much.
A very interesting course, taught by a good teacher. I highly recommend taking that course to anyone who genuinely enjoys to learn the basic fondations of psychology.
Oustanding. A wonderful learning experience. Top-class instruction from Professor Paul Bloom coupled with outstanding video and reading resources. Highly recommended.
This course was brilliant. Professor Bloom was extremely engaging. It has definitely given me much to think about and can't wait to read some of the books mentioned.
You ever ask yourself...do I want to pursue Psychology? Well how bout try it out for free!! This is an excellent stepping stone for anyone thinking about this field.
This course is excellent and very much interesting. This course made me learn more about psychology. Thanks Dr.Paul for conducting this course in a wonderful manner.
I wrote my opinions as well as what i felt for the course, i am glad to find this course and would refer this course to everyone who is unaware of the subject domain
The professor is quite engaging and the quality of videos is good. Very easy to understand as the concepts are well explained. Satisfactory course to gain knowledge.
6 week course in Introduction to Psychology was an eye-opener!Videos and reading material complementing each other perfectly. Loved the course - waiting for Part 2.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Professor Paul Bloom gave excellent lectures and the reading material was very helpful. I can't wait to take another course! Thank
Very very interesting and modern course which touches on various types of psychology and their basic principles. I loved the animated presentation and the lecturer.
Enjoyed the lectures and reading material a lot . I and am very glad I came across this course . Insightful,  interesting and made me want to learn more and more .
Professor Bloom is a great teacher. His lectures are very engaging and he uses examples to make concepts clearer. I was really sad to finish this course, actually!
It's a very helpful course for understanding our daily lives I'm so glad to be part of this course... This is very easy to learn or understand various concepts...
Amazing course, the problem for me was the time of the lectures than the weren´t accurate but I love it anyway, really complete information and good explanations.
It's a really good course. All the content are super interesting and the professor is very engaging. I strongly recommend it as your first course in psychology :)
This course is fantastic! it taught me about every day life experiences, biological causes behind them, and some knowledge about human brain. Thank you very much.
I have passionate to learn Psychology because it was a part of my course in my MA in Education. I am so happy to be a part of the the course.Thanks to Prof. Bloom
This course Introduction to Psychology provides a first-class overview of the field of psychology. I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in the matter.
A really wonderful course for all who are interested in Psychology. Personally, I fell the knowledge discussed in this course is essential for all professionals.
I feel very grateful for this small course. Very insightful and enjoyable. Huge props to Prof. Paul Bloom and Coursera for enabling free, high-quality education.
For anyone even slightly interested in Psychology, this is the best introductory course on the net! It is engaging and effective, definitely worth the six weeks.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. It was the first online course I did and a great one to complete! Thanks for the great system layout and the content from Paul.
Honestly, I wish that I could give a rating of 10 out of 5 Stars for this most remarkable Course! My sincerest thanks to all who made this fine Course possible!
such an amazing course. i had learned a lot from it, the proffesor was great and so are the subjects. i really recommend it if you are interested in this field!
I really enjoyed this course. Prof Bloom is awesome, he is engaging lecturer. And the materials attached is very good and yet not too 'heavy' for the beginners.
Amazing course to get an introduction to the topic! Engaging professor and good material! Recommend it to everyone who has even a little interest in psychology.
Really engaging and high quality lectures! Thought provoking! I learned a lot about human mind and how it functions, though I know I just scratched the surface!
I have learn't so much from this course and I highly recomend it.  It includes great material, book recomendations , engaging lessons and a fantastic professor.
A solid intro by a clearly very knowledgeable and kindly professor. I highly recommend this course to those wishing to gain an elemental foothold in psychology.
Very good and broad introduction, with up to date information. Can't wait to have more courses from Paul Bloom, going deeper into specific subjects and notions.
Great course, very interesting, good content, including videos of experiments, TED talks, interesting and relevant optional readings. Thank you professor Bloom
It was a great course about psychology , it teach me a lot of insides about everyday life , feelings and yourself that you normally dont know or thought about.
Great, insightful and engaging overview of Psychology. Dr. Bloom is a knowledgeable and interesting professor and the format is original. I fully recommend it!
Great for a primer into psychology and its different aspects. Prof. Bloom is a godsend for folks who want to understand psychology without getting overwhelmed.
WONDERFUL COURSE WITH  PROFESSOR PAUL BLOOM . It was a very informative and enjoyable course . I enjoyed it very much and learned so much .Sincerely,Karen Cohn
Really loved the course. Clear explanations with interesting examples that stuck in the mind. The topics were engaging and thought-provoking. Thanks very much.
I feel privileged to take a course from a Yale University Professor and Researcher. It will be a wonderful experience. My best wishes to the skilled Professor.
very well structured, not too much material to feel overwhelming especially for people that also work full time! The videos are engaging and super interesting.
The course was very interesting, helpful and overall very knowledgeable. It actually gave me an idea where I stand. I'm really happy about taking this course.
It was an extremely engaging and enjoyable course. I am so glad that I have experienced this learning adventure and dived into the introduction to psychology.
I loved this class. It might just be an introductory course but I learned a lot from it and already use it in my thoughts on a regular basis. Great professor.
Thoroughly engaging! Thank you to Paul and the team at Yale University for making the 'Introduction to Psychology' a learning experience I'll cherish forever.
The animated format made it really really interactive and interesting. The content discussed was also so interesting. Keep it Up! Loved completing this course
One of the best course out there on Coursera. The Contents are great, the instructor is great, the presentation is great, and the materials are very helpful.
Excellent, well organized - the instructor is knows his stuff and presents it well. I would take another class from this instructor. Very impressive, indeed.
Wonderful intro to psych courses. Very easy to follow and well-structured. All the examples are great and help us to understand. Such a wonderful experience.
Thank you Professor Bloom!The course is truly interesting, great explained, very well designed and you get a great insight into the wide field of psychology.
I enjoyed the course because I learn a lot of things about psychology and I coud practice my English. The teacher Paul Bloom was magnificent. Thanks Coursera
I have learnt so much in this course as a beginner and thinking to study another course which relatives to human behaviour and mental health. Great lecturer.
Professor Bloom is very engaging and knows how to capture and keep a student's attention - even though it's an online course and you're talking to an Avater.
As a beginner to Psychology, This course was great and useful, and introduced several concepts.The presentation , the time for each lesson  are well designed
Wonderful! I just wish that the lectures were longer and more detailed. I wish that the articles could be made into lectures. Thank you for this opportunity.
The perfect introduction to anyone interested in taking up Psychology or just trying to understand why we do what we do as human beings in our everyday lives
An amazing course. got to learn the basics of psychology and super easy to understand the content due to the video. A good amount of knowledge for beginners.
An excellent course. Kept my interest alive during the whole 6 weeks. It made me reflect on lots of things and made me to want to read more about this topic.
Professor... you are amazing!  Thank you so much for sharing your expertise, such a unique presentation.  We the public are fortunate for this opportunity 😘
The professor is engaging. Use of examples, experiments, additional notes and most importantly use of simple language makes it interesting and easy to grasp
Just the introduction I needed to Psychology. The course was excellently outlined and subdivided in a way that it's easy to follow, understand and remember.
This course really gives you a complete overview of what psychology is. Very well explained and all major topics covered. Glad I took the course. Thank you.
It was an amazing experience. A lot of important information, simple accessible manner of presentation of the material, nice animation. Thank you very much!
I believe that through this course my mind has expanded although I am aware that because of the physical confines of my skull that is not actually possible.
It was a wonderful course I have ever taken. The content, videos, and speech are engaging, especially the professor is a very professional teacher, thanks!
A very engaging course that provides a great foundation for the study of psychology, and related studies of the brain and mind. The professor is excellent!
This is the first course I have ever completed, but I think this course was super engaging regarding both the content and professor. Definitely recommend!
Great!!!! I learned a lot during the course!!!!! The teacher's explanations and the format of the classes... fantastic!!!! I will certainly do others!!!!
This course was extremely wonderful the content was breathtaking and the instructor is a mind blowing and very knowledge person. Hail to professor Bloom.
insightful and well-produced. You could really see the effort the team did in making content for this course - from the lecture texts to the animations.
Professor Bloom was very engaging, the course was fun and interesting and gave me the knowledge to begin my path of learning in the field of psychology.
Great course! Perfect beginning and introduction into the field. Thank you for such an amazing course. I hope this is the start of something big for me.
I love the way the course explored varied aspects of psychology with just enough needed information to learn and to spark an interest to pursue for more
Enjoyed the course. Videos well structured and engaging.Professor Bloom was great, I highly recommend this course if you have an interest in psychology.
Aaah, his prof blooms voice is so soothing, I would say this the best introductory course, not that detailed but really interesting, thanks dr bloom....
Greatly designed course, really informative for a beginner like me.I really appreciate Prof Paul Bloom, Yale University and Coursera for this great work
I strongly recommend this course if you are interested in psychology. I found the professor very engaging and the video of experiments very interesting.
I'm from Argentina. This course has helped me a lot, giving me some key concepts and global view about psicology. The teacher was great! I recommend it.
This course was much more complex than I expected it to be. Loved every minute and Professor Bloom is a gem. I am seriously considering further studies.
It is a good course that helps me know more about Psychology. It can build up my knowledge in this area and it allows me to equip myself in other aspect
Great course packed with recent and valid information. Prof Bloom was very engaging and managed to explain complex problems in very short and clear way.
An excellent course. The lecturer is great. Very good material. Nice and pleasant voice of the teacher and very good explanations. I enjoyed it so much.
Well presented and interesting. The first parts can be a bit heavy but well worth the slog as you need the info for latter parts and they're fascinating
Really enjoyed the course. The topics the pace and the assessments were all brilliant. I wish if there was a next level course to continue to learnings.
Excellent short but in depth introduction to psychology. The reading material is worthwhile and adds to the lectures instead of repeating the lectures.
Truly a fascinating intro to Psychology. Exceptional lectures by Paul Bloom. Gives a solid foundation into the field of Psychology. Highly recommended.
Professor Bloom is such a great lecturer , every single topics are not boring and easy to understand even for Thai student like me. Thank you Professor
A great first approach to the field of Psychology. This course helped me make up my mind of whether or not pursuing a graduate programme in Psychology.
The professor was engaging and the lectures and readings exceeded my expectations, however readings tended to take much longer than the estimated time.
Great introduction! This course has very interesting examples and wild range of knowledge. Great design for the course presentation. Love this course!
Exceptional introduction to psychology as a concept! This course had such rich information and in such a good format. Highly recommended for all ages.
Great Course! I learned so much during the passed three weeks, and it let me know what is psychology as a science. I'll continue learning! Much thanks
Highly recommend this course to anyone who is just curious about the mind. It's worth every bit of your time. I'm truly sad it had to come to an end.
I am quite happy to pursue this course. It gave me enough knowledge to be more inquisitive about this field of science. Thanks a lot professor Bloom.
A very well structured and detailed course. would definitely recommend to people looking out to explore psychology as a subject and learn the basics.
Highly satisfied with this course. Videos are easy to follow, but plenty of content.I love the scientific approach of the professor to every subject.
Loved it! It was a great introduction to the world of Psychology, it gave a very good overall understanding of the field. Would highly recommend it!
This course is interactive, enriching, and exciting! As a younger person, I was able to understand and hourly enjoy this course. I highkey reccomend
Professor Paul Bloom walks us through a step by step process that provides  a very good understanding and an insight to the beginners of psychology.
Absolutely fabulous. Concept building and correlating them with scientific data and day to day life made learning not only easier but enriching too.
Great Course, it tells you so much about human psychology, not just for study purposes but for understanding people in all spheres in everyday life.
It was an excellent course. This course helps you a lot to learn the basics of psychology and, along with this, feed your interest in learning more.
Professor Bloom provides a high-level review of the most important topics in the field of psychology, he is easy to understand and keeps you engage.
An overwhelming experience , i'm very glad that i enrolled and completed such a fruitful course which is rich in knowledge and  interesting topics .
This course met completely my expectations. I am very satisfied and I can say most definitely that I got an overview of Psychology and its theories.
Excellent presentation by Professor Bloom, great additional readings, strong emphasis on scientific data, relatively short yet comprehensive course.
This course is very interesting, motivating and stimulating. I highly recommend it to people wishing to get an insight on what psychology is about.
I love the quality of lecture videos. Prof. Bloom is so great at explaining these concepts and really inspirational at the very end of this course.
Very nicely designed course for beginners. Gives an idea of the whole field which is helpful to the ones who further wants to continue the subject.
Mr. Bloom is an amazing teacher. Love the way he teaches. Looking forward to more such engaging courses. Thank you for such a wonderful experience.
Great course for beginners. Easy to understand material. The professor has done a great job of simplifying the concepts making them easy to follow!
I would highly recommend this course to anybody who wants to learn about psychology from an engaging professor who created easy-to-digest material.
This course is so great! it taught about how your mind works. You will know more about psychology and more interesting aspects about these topics.
It was a really nice course. This course helped me to learn the basic psychology. This knowledge will be very beneficial for my future. Thank you.
It was well laid out. Easy to follow. I learned a lot. I loved the extra reading material included in the course. It gave me a lot to think about.
Very precise and brief introduction to our daily life psychology. Overall a great experience. Awesome quality videos and reading material.  Cheers
Very good as an introduction, objective yet still covering most of key aspects, allowing for further research depending on individual willingness.
This course was excellent. It helped me to brush up all the basics of psychology once again and helped me in the preparation of competitive exams.
The professor's lessons were all clear and entertaining. The information was presented in such an unique way that memorizing it was not a problem.
My interest in Psychology just grew after taking this course! So, that speaks it all, I suppose. Thank You Prof. Bloom for such an amazing course.
This was really an engaging and interesting course! Professor Bloom is a really cool person and I hope to take more of his courses in the future.
This course helped me get into depth with what psychology is and how is works. The videos are amazing and the resources were also really helpful.
It is an informative course with good extra articles to read, the lecturer is great! I'm grateful to everyone who created this course and videos.
Incredibly engaging, super interesting and Paul is a wonderful lecturer. I loved this course and hope to continue learning more about psychology.
The course and information presented were very detailed.  It was easy to keep up with and understand. I feel I now know the basics of psychology.
Course structure is amazing. The way Paul Bloom explains stuff is just precise and engaging. This was my first course in Psychology. Enjoyed it.
I was studying business administration and this course caught me in a fascinating way now I am starting my new area of study which is psychology
Truly amazing! Very engaging way of presenting the material, easy to understand and very enjoyable! Covers a huge variety of fascinating topics!
Very good courses. After taking the courses, I got a general understanding about psychology and I am getting more and more interested in it now.
Professor Bloom asks probing questions that inspire really deep thoughts about psychology. This course blew me away for a beginning psych class.
I am pleased to be the part of this thoughtful journey and to be able to understand highly knowledgeable content. Many regards and Best wishes.
The best online course I've ever attended. Loved the videos and especially the enthusiastic Professor (his voice is so calm, loved it as well!)
Introduction  to psychology  is very nice we gain some knowledge about  the psychology. It is very important  to us as an engineering  students
I learned quite a bit but will have to go back and read all the literature to gain more insight. Look forward to taking future courses. Thanks!
This course was a great introduction to psychology!! Very engaging and not boring at all! This professor should teach more courses on coursera.
The course was very interesting and fun. I learned a lot and big thank you to the professor. Very engaging lectures and exactly how i expected.
i had amazing experience with the course. i have always been interested in psychology and i am glad i took this up and gained so many insights.
Very well organized, enjoyable and insightful contents. It really is a way to show us the system of learning more about this particular topic.
I loved this course. It makes me wanna know learn about psychology. Professor Bloom is engaging, presents points in a very interesting manner.
Great course that cover the main points of the psychology, it does intrigue me to do more read up on the relevant psychology issues or topics.
A brilliant introductory psych course, with a really engaging lecture format, great supplementary materials and thought-provoking assessments.
thank you sir for all the knowledge,This course has certainly increased my curiosity of the human mind and lean towards psycology as a career.
This course was a great experience. Inspiring to learn more, sufficient depth to make you think about stuff differently, ... absolutely great!
I love this course. I admire Prof. Bloom, he taught us very inspired, motivated and wonderful. Hope to learn the advanced course in the future
very knowledgeable and much informative. I realized all introduction to psychology had/have the same topics. they just matter on the teacher.
Professor Bloom is amazing! He gives all the information and explains why each part is relevant and important intellectually and practically.
Overall very engaging introduction to psychology. Sometimes a bit superficial but hopefully this will provide though for further engagement.
Most interested vedio lecture and assignment quiz Very easy and more interesting reading so best topic this introduction to psychology......
I'd love to see more from Paul Bloom, not only is he an engaging professor I believe there is a lack in online lessons regarding psychology.
Moderate pace, easy to digest, great analogies and examples, and good food for thought. A very well put together introduction to psychology.
Paul Bloom is fantastic. I would highly recommend this course to anyone. This was well worth the price and the schedule was very manageable.
It's an amazing course that shows you the potential in psychological studies which is beautifully and expertly navigated by Prof.Paul Bloom
Excellent course, gives a comprehensive understanding about the most basic knowledge of general psychology. Really worth taking the course.
A great course that leaves you with an immense amount of knowledge. This course develops skills that can be used in everyday circumstances.
Thanks so much professor Bloom for making this course memorable.I enjoyed every module lectures and videos. I really recommend this course.
Very engaging professor and assignment. Lectures are knowledge-packed and quizzes are simple and accurately and efficiently test knowledge.
Highly informative and changes your perspective. Adds value with the multi dimensional understanding of anything and everything around you.
I always wanted to take Psychology as my Major. Well this is just a beginning so I am satisfied with the course materials and the lectures
The course was captivating and very helpful.I loved the way the concepts were explained with examples,videos and experiments.It was great.
An extremely engaging, interesting and fun course for beginners and covers all the key areas and keeps you wanting to come back for more!!
incredibly interesting and engaging. An outstanding initial insight into the inner workings of psychology and psychological perspectives.
The course had exceed my expectations , Videos and presentations are really amazing. I will recommend this course to all of my friends...
Very interesting and well structured . Covered all points as an introductory course. Very easy to engage and keep us addicted. Thank you!
It was my first time doing the online course so i didn't expect to be that good! i really like it and i think i will continue to do more!
The lessons are highly interesting and thought-provoking. The professor has in-depth knowledge and manages to keep the lessons engaging.
Very Interesting. Excellent professor. Complete. Well organised. Motivating. Good combination of lectures by our professor and readings.
This course was great, Awesome overview of psychology. It helped me to decide which field of psychology I would like to explore further.
It was the best thing I did by taking classes during the lockdown .Best lecture ,and good course materials.thanks a lot Professor Bloom.
Excellent course, would recommend it to anyone who wants to know about the human brain and behavior as well as about the science itself.
Excellent introduction to the science of psychology, covers all the basics and the professor is really good at explaining the concepts.
It was an amazing experience! For a beginner like me, the course was very helpful and gave me a proper view of the field of psychology.
great course with vivid explainations of various concepts and theories, relevant source materials and excellent organisation of topics.
Really interesting content which was presented very well. A good general coverage of lots of aspects of psychology. I enjoyed it a lot.
I've learned a lot of things, I'm so grateful to you Professor. Bloom, I wish I were there in USA so that I can be a student for yours.
This course is really helpful in understanding human behaviour and thought process and learning how to improve them in our daily life.
I loved how the way of giving content was approached. In an interactive, simple and fun way made learning easy and pleasurable. Great!
Great course! The videos were mind blowing and the professor made the lectures understandable and interesting. I found it facisnating.
I truly enjoyed this course. Prof Bloom was engaging, the videos are wonderfully made and the content are very interesting. Thank you!
Wonderful! All I ever wanted from an Introductory course. I feel much more prepared for further delving in to the field of Psychology.
I loved the way this course was displayed, if its likeit was especially made for the most perfect assimilation through the mind´s eye!
Very good course, connection between Teacher, Content, Presentation and Sound are perfect! Learned a lot with this course, thank you.
It's the best course I have ever done...Thank you very much sir...I have learned a lot.....it thought me how to be a better person 🤗
An engaging, fun, fascinating, relatively easy introduction! Thank you for providing this course and for making it easily accessible.
This course is excellent for students with  no prior experience in psychology and would like to take  a holistic view over psychology
I love the instructors and learn a lot from them. Thank you so much for enlightening my knowledge and helping me to learn new things.
Even if you don't know anything about psychology, you'll be surprised by the depth of knowledge in psychology you'll gain afterwards.
it was an amazing course which made me understand a lot of things which i was unaware about. i am really glad i took up this course!
Could not be more grateful for this incredible course. Professor Bloom is a great lecturer and the animations were simply beautiful.
I understand so many details and perspectives that might be applied in my own life. It was always interesting and clear. I love it.!
I thank Prof. Bloom from the bottom of my heart for making me understand the intricacies of the human mind and behaviour. God Bless!
Very productive and interesting course! I enjoyed watching all the videos, the idea of animation was great! Thank You for your time!
Really enjoyed this class.  The lectures/videos were highly engaging and informative.  Can't wait to delve further into the subject!
A great course for everyone!
Very interesting lectures and self-study materials!
I have your library on my list of recommended ones!
Great course! So many difficult and very interesting themes explained in a very simple, clear and understandable way.Thank You prof!
Extremely good articulation, presentation and the voice modulation kept me interested in the course to the end.  Thank you so much.
brilliant starting point and fantastic overview, easy segments and modules well put together. love the cartoon aspect of the videos
Excellent overview and introduction of the subject - I would highly recommend if you are thinking of studying Psychology long-term.
A good course to get into the concepts of Psychology. The video format is engaging and the additional reading materials are useful.
What a wonderful way to learn more about human beings, and what makes them tick, malfunction and what we can learn from each other.
Good professor and teaching skills!Really worth for better understanding of the students. Course was really knowledgeableThank you!
Would definitely recommend if you are looking for a good introduction for Psychology to see whether or not it meets your interests.
Really interesting material, excellent lecturer. I found it concise and fascinating. Helpful in any job where you deal with people.
Probably the best academic course I have taken in my life .. and I have spent about 5 years in different Universities. Thanking you
Prof. Bloom is an amazing lecturer, and the course is so engaging. A must for anyone who wants to get into the field of Psychology!
I am a beginner of psychology. This course is helpful. I will review this course to deepen my understanding and get my certificate.
The knowledge is very detailed and thorough. However, I would like to see the real face of my lecturer rather than comic animations
A fascinating journey through the human mind - I learnt things that will affect my relationships, thinking and parenting decisions!
Professor Bloom is very engaging. The video quality is exceptional. The additional sources have been provided to cater to our needs
Really informative and laid out a good foundation of the basic concepts, definitely thinking to pursue psychology for Bachelors!!!
I enjoyed the whole course, It was a good refreshed of my psychology knowledge,   I did my degree in education long ago. Thank you
This was one of the best online courses I have ever taken up. Everything was explained and backed up with interesting experiments.
Every topic was higly interesting, and the way the professor explains it makes you so engaged that you don't feel the time passing
Great course, a real door opener to the universe of Psychology. Highly recommended to anyone interested in learning more about it.
Really I learned about the basics of Psychology. I think it will be usefull if coursera includes psychology in depth. Thanking you
I was able to relate my real life with some of the professor explainations.This course is best for the introduction of psychology.
Amazing course with well constructed videos. Lecture's are easy to follow and keep the interest going. Not a moment of boredom. :)
This was my first course on COURSERA. I found this course quite informative, structured and methodical. I enjoyed the course much.
The professor is highly engaging and their way of representing this course is so unique. I will recommend this course to everyone.
EXCELLENT COURSE MATERIAL AND BRILLIANT PROFESSORS. COURSE IS A GREAT HELP IN YOUR PERSONAL AND PROFESSIONAL LIFE. THANK YOU SIR.
I liked the teacher, he was really engaging. Also, the video format and lectures were interesting. I liked the course in general.
Detailed information were given.  Topics are discussed in a very specific context. Cognitively, the speaker's tone is motivating.
Insightful and informative course. I liked the use of animation to deliver the content in an interesting and entertaining manner.
Amazing ! Professor Bloom is very engaging and a total rockstar in the field of psychology . Can't wait to check his next course.
Have LOVED every single bit of this course. Thank you so much for the amazing job you have done creating it. I have learnt a lot.
Really helpful for someone interested in majoring in Psychology one day! The lectures were so interesting and it was so engaging.
It is a very interesting course. I had no prior exposure to this subject but was able to learn quite a lot of interesting things.
Lecture was very good. His voice was extremely calming and soothing, would most likely take any other course he does.  Thank you!
I loved this course! It's detailed, provides a great introduction to psychology, and is presented in a way that's easy to follow.
Loved the 'flow' of the course. Well paced and well put together. So appreciative of the effort the team has put into. Thank you.
Very interesting course.Easy to follow.It's always a privilage to follow Prof. Bloom's courses.Thanks Prof. Bloom.Thnks Coursera.
It was an amazing course and I enjoyed learning a lot. I loved it. Instructor of this course, Paul Bloom was an awesome teacher.
Im a newby in this theme about phycology, so I really enjoyed this online course, thanks for every video and available material.
Professor is nice and he tries his very best to make the course very interesting.It is the best online course I have ever taken.
absolutely brilliant! loved the professor and how engaged he was. I loved the lecture videos. kept it on track as well as funny.
The course touches every aspects of topic based on psychology.It helps you to know properly about behavior and people around you
Paul Bloom is a great Professor, it is an honor for me to complete his course, I am looking forward to further reading his work
The course was very engaging and informative.Almost all sessions were well handled and was efficient in conveying the concepts.
I was wanted to learn about psychology. This was the perfect place to start. So, if you want to learn it just go for it, gooooo
Well structured, engaging and cut down in to chunks to avoid information overload. A really interesting and informative course.
Wonderful course indeed! It was easily understandable, very insightful, and thought me so much in such a short time. Thank you!
A great course with a lot of engaging videos and interesting readings. I will highly recommend to everyone to take this course!
Excellent material, lectures and professor.  This course totally change my perspective of what Cousera can teach me.  Fantastic
It was pretty interesting to understand what psychology is all about. Also,it gives a good depth about psychological disorders.
this  course was really awsome and incredible. I learned useful and a lot of things about psychology I ll recommed for everyone
This course was a very good introduction to psychology, as beginner I was not aware these many streams were there in psychology
Amazing course! Professor Bloom has you engaged all the time, and the reading suggestions and Ted Talks are a must read/watch!
created a NOBA book for this course further readings, not sure where to share that so sharing that herehttp://noba.to/7qt8gknd
This course is very helpfull to becoming a great scientist and whatever you want you will be achieved by learning this course.
Such a wonderful and engaging course. Professor Bloom lectures so nicely and the video quality was excellent and entertaining.
Great course which covers many different fields of psychology. It is easy to follow and very interesting. Very recommendable!!
I have really enjoyed this one. Is well prepared and engaging. I would recommend to everyone intrested in psychology overview.
This course is fascinating! I learnt several branches of psychology with fun way. Materials are vary, from theory to practical
pretty clear information, it covers what the contents said at the beginning of the course. The evaluations are also well done.
Excellent introduction. Particularly liked commentaries on development of the science and conflicting views within the field.
His enthusiasm towards the subject is really inspiring. The choices of topics are greatly interesting and fulfilling as well!
Exceptionally good course with great animation and content. Would love to learn more from him and about psychology. Loved it!
I enjoyed while doing this course! Professor Bloom did an 
incredible job explaining the course. His videos are really super.
incredible and life changing course specially for those who are in need and mentally ill or who are curious about Psychology.
Professor Bloom is a great teacher. I learned a lot of things. I think taking this course was the best thing I've ever done.
It was really great experience learning with the best professor, it was very interactive and learned a lot from this course.
Assessments can be modified, a bit of lecture on real-life applications for common people not pursuing psychology as career.
Really amazing and thorough lessons from Prof. Bloom. Definitely a lot to learn for people like me who are new to the topic.
Great course! Perfect for understanding the basic concepts of Psychology on almost every area. Definitely would recommend :)
Very helpful and interesting i learned so many things. This course helps in real life too. Instructor is too good and clear
Really interesting, engaging and exciting and it does leave many questions unanswered whichIfeel that I am going to pursue.
Good Psychological methods and reviews are to be identified from completing this course thank you for your valuable course.
Excellent and informative course. Prof Bloom introduces all major areas of psychology in an accessible and engaging manner.
This course was amazing. Infinite thank you to Yale University and Coursera. My passion for psychology has grown even more.
Loved professor bloom's videos and the lectures were very engaging. Wish the class was longer because I want to know more!
I really enjoyed this course. The subject matter was explained very well and presented in an interesting and engaging way.
Lets you think about the way you think. It offers a great advantage when confronting life challenges and making decisions.
Brilliant professor! Really engaging, I would say I start to have a better understanding of myself and accept myself more.
Absolutely loved this course and all the knowledge I was provided, videos, assignments, and quizzes are al all challenging
A really excellent professor and surpassing knowledge learned.I'll definitely recommend to other people about this course.
A most captivating lecture series. I would do it again. There is a lot to digest but the nobaproject links help with that.
It really is a good introductory course to psychology which makes you want to investigate and learn more about this area.
Muito bom, extremamente didático e acessível!! Recomendo!! - Very good, extremely didactic and accessible!! I recommend!!
Absolutely amazing! Know how the brain works seem quite important to me to understand our daily lives. Thank you so much!
it is my first course in psychology and it went so good. Thanks for the wonderful platforms for our better understanding.
In my opinion this course is extraordinary. i learn more about the human brain, a little bit of history. Highly recomend.
loved this course ! it was really well constructed with a wide variety of topics to take into account everyone interests!
An excellent introduction to psychology covering all the key areas of the field with excellent lectures from Prof. Bloom.
Having video made my learning more easier and I enjoy so much. I also learned alot especially when it comes to children.
This course is really interesting and meaningful. Now I have better understanding about the people around me and myself.
It is such a good course to understand basic Psychology  and recommended to individuals from any field of study ........
I really liked the course. Excellent illustrative material, interesting lectures, useful additional material for reading
Coursera helped me on my skills
thanks to high quality coursework
and thanks to Professor Paul Bloom and Yale University
Really interesting - I got a lot out of this course and had a few *mind blown* moments of insight into the way we think.
It was good and professor Bloom was AMAZING!!! Recommend if want an unbiased very scientific introduction to psychology.
Thank you! This course was very engaging and interesting; the way the professor taught was impactful, relatable and fun!
Engaging. The students who want to study psychology and people with interest in Psychology must go through this course.
Very good job with this course, very deep in all general topics, awesome to remember or to start with psychology career
Great lecturer - great course content - great delivery method.Thank you very much Dr. Bloom, Yale University, Coursera.
highly interesting course that help me to know and understand he basic of psychology ...Thank you Professor Paul Bloom.
It is an amazing overview for the field of psychology, that gives shining view for the thoughts and the self awareness.
Extremely interesting course material with extensive reading material provided. Perfect for starters and curious minds.
Thanks a lot Dr. Paul bloom for this course. It didn't only met my expectation rather taught me more about this domain.
The course enables us to tap into simple understanding of complex psychological aspects we deal in our day to day life.
It's a very helpful course must join this course it's really develop  basic skills in you and it's easy too understand
I learned Psychology with Prof. Paul Bloom and it was a great experience. Thank you team Coursera and thank you Sir <3
Walk through the fundamental theories of psychology and gained the overview of future development path. Great Course:)
i has to say thanks so much for all  and please get a favor the certificate has to have be corected Daniel Diaz Garcia
I really enjoyed this course. I've always been interested in Psychology. This course gave be a good baseline to start.
That's really amazing course for me because I learned a lots of things that would help me understand every situation.
I really enjoyed learning about psychology. Many thanks to Yale and Professor Paul Bloom for creating this course. :)
Amazing course, thank you so much ! Very good overview of psychology and quality further readings, highly recommended
All around well constructed course. Paul Bloom makes the course interesting and fun. I recommend everybody to enroll.
The speed of the professor's talking was great. A lot of great information about the basics of Psychology was shared.
This is an interesting course, I learned a lot about Psychology. Thank you professor Paul Bloom for the opportunity.
Wonderful course if you're looking for an introductory course, the video lectures are very engaging as well. Haffun!
i loved doing the course it was the best one i must say and loved the way of teaching and video was good quality too
Nice overview in the most general concepts of psychology. For me a great update after Psychology classes in 2002 ;-)
Engaging and stimulating delivery from Prof Bloom. It was great to learn about the contemporary studies of the mind.
This is an excellent Psychology course, I highly recommend to someone who want  to learn the basic about this field.
A great introduction to Psychology. Professor Bloom delivers easily digestible information coupled with visual aids.
Joy comes in your life when you learn new things !!Thanks to Coursera because it makes me stand out from my peers!!
This course is really well designed for beginners in psychology . Easy to understand,informative and well explained
Thank you for teaching us a lot more than we thought we would learn.  You are an awesome teacher,  Professor Bloom!
Excellent intro to psychology course taught by a dynamic professor.  Lots of great readings and really interesting!
Nice course which explains no of things and our attitude changes to look towards our life as well as towards others
I really enjoy the course! Now I'm curious and want to learn more about humsn psychology. Thank you Professor Bloom
I love this course! It was a perfect refresher for a Psychology graduate like me who isn't practising in the field.
Professor Paul Bloom's course is an excellent one and a perfect intro to psychology. Thank you for the opportunity.
Really good, give us a full picture of psychology. Nicely structured lecture and professor is really knowledgeable.
The course has a very good introduction to Psychology. Moreover, the teacher is awesome and has a very good accent.
It was a good experience of pursuing the course and important concepts were discussed in detail with illustrations
really enjoyed the course. the animation and the way of presentation were pretty impressive. thank you, professor.
I highly recommend this course. It’s very interesting and useful. The professor is engaging and so are the videos.
amazing animations, the teacher is quite possibly the best to have taught this, amazing experience, well worth it!
Excellent course I must say very informative.Presentation and explanation was amazing.Would recommend to everyone.
I just love this course!!!! So many insights. If I ever decide to get my 3rd degree it will be Psychology at Yale!
Great course! It is the perfect introduction to psychology for anyone interested in learning about human behavior.
An entertaining and very informative introduction. I would love to have more courses available from this lecturer.
Great overview of topics that everybody is curious about presented in a pleasing format by a well spoken professor
This course has immensely helped me to study a subject that's so different from the topics I have studied so far.
Very interesting!! I've always been fascinated by the mind and this really is a good option to get your feet wet!
Good context, amazing and engaging professor. Definitely a good class to take! This class was worthwhile my time!
Very informative and extremely well produced! Would look forward to more of such courses from Yale or Prof Bloom!
I love the way they present the courses and how engaging is professor Bloom, Highly recommend anyone interested.
Really enjoyed this course. The professor was excellent and I learned much new and useful information!Thank you!
The journey Dr Bloom takes us on is very fulfilling and satisfying. He did a great job in simplifying the topic.
learn lot information in this course thanks to my college to introduce this platform and thanks to the coursera.
It's very useful, lectures are amazing and understandable. Paul Bloom is a star. Thank you! Strongly recommended
The course fulfilled my expectations , the professor's interpretation was very interesting. Thank you very much.
It's feel really wonderful to learn completely new things which i don't know at all.thank you this opportunity .
This course is amazingly introduce me an overview of psychology even I didn't have any relevant knowledge of it
Amazing lectures with fantastic graphics that will keep you going!Excellent extra reading if you want to do it!
My love for Psychology was rekindled. I am determined to learn more after this course. Thanks, Professor Bloom!
Excellent course ,just awesome lectures .The instructor is good enough.I would suggest all to take this course.
The best course for exploring the insights of your mind and behavior. Good teaching with quite good animations.
It was a very detailed and clearly explained course dealing with all the perfectly important parts of the field
I really enjoyed this Intro to Psychology class. The Professor was great and course content was very enjoyable.
I loved this course and the way it is developed. The professor knows how to capture your attention. Five stars.
Very interesting and engaging curse with clear language and great structure. I defenitely recommend to take it!
Great course! The videos were great and entertaining, the readings were relevant, and the quizzes were helpful!
EXCELLENTI recommend all to go through this course, it will help you in life as it develops your people skills
Amazing content and really engaging professor. Loved the realistic approach and thought-provoking discussions.
This course is very well-structured and gives a complete but not too narrow picture of this fascinating field.
Really great Intro Psych class. All basic tenets touched on, and the concepts are linked together really well.
I loved this class and, am looking forward to continuing my education in this fascinating field of psychology!
The course is well structured and topics are nicely explained with visual examples! Really enjoyed the program
A great introduction to many aspects of psychology.  The way the course is presented is exciting and engaging.
Amazing experience... Well organized and delivered.... Will likely take others and recommend it to my friends.
Great intro into the subject of psychology. A great teacher who is clearly both enthusiastic and knowledgable.
Awesome and it is worthy. The Prof. will teach you just like a friend, philosopher and a guide. Best of luck!
Great course. I have learned a lot and I would like to thank you for such a great introduction to Psychology!
It was the best !!!! Those visual animations...I love it...!!! It helped more in  understanding the subject !
excellent course the readings are well suggested and helped me to get through my internship at a quicker pace
This course helped me a lot in learning basic knowledge about psychology, from various theories to disorders.
Very good experience and learnt a lot of things .The lectures was too good and realistic.Thank u coursera...!
I am very delighted to take this course. Dr Bloom classes gave me basic insight of Psychology. Thank Dr Bloom
Great course! Fantastic lectures, informative articles and fair testing system. I highly recommend taking it.
The course was very informative and thanks to you for explaining complex ideas in simple language. Thank you.
This is an excellent course on the introduction to psychology.  I would take another course from Prof. Bloom.
The teaching style and explanation approach is simply outstanding. Thank you Sir. It was a great experience.
Amazing course Professor Bloom! I would love to enrol for a course based on Clinical Psychology soon by you.
Congratulations for Course...I am so happy because the moments studY With You.ThanksMailza Madeira do Amaral
Very interesting and informative with the course content, along with the quality of audio and video content.
Absolutely exceptional course with entertaining and engaging lectures. Paul Bloom knocks it out of the park.
The course provided a beautiful insight into the world of psychology and touches on many different subjects.
was really engaging and some relevant and interesting information, everyone can take this course.. I LOVE IT
General video with professional reading material. I think this course is useful for students at any degree.
I loved it. It further increased my interest in Psychology and now I know pretty subjects of my interest =.
The classes are really interesting, Teacher teaches very nice. Really very useful for students and teachers
Interesting concepts, the Prof was very engaging and i enjoyed the lecture on clinical psychology the most.
Amazing content and very well explained.Now im able to talk and argument about some basic psychology topics
Simple yet profound. Serious but lively. What is psychology? This course has answered this question for me.
Very engaging and well though out! Professor Bloom taught the concepts in a way that was easily understood
Excellent! I learned important concepts about Psychology. This will definitely help me with my graduation.
a very good experience the videos are totally explanatory and the teacher's way of explaining is very good
Great introduction to Psychology. Topics were relevant and well presented and the instructor was engaging.
Very good introduction course to psychology. Covered the basic topics and inspired me for further studies.
Thank you, Mr. Bloom, for this great course! This was my first step, it was very interesting and engaging!
Great introductory course. Widely covered topics. Perfect foundation to dive in further readings/research.
very informative. Loved the topics introduced in the course. looking forward to complete more such courses
It is very informative, very well structured and interesting course. It's absolutely well-worth attending.
This course really helped me learn about psychology and the basic parts of it that's great to start with.
Great course, Paul Bloom did a great job putting it together and dishing it out in a very understand way.
It was very helpful and made me understand life even better! Learning psychology was interesting as well.
This course changed my career path and now i am motivated to become a psychologist and dive into it more.
A very interactive and fun approach to psychology and its fundamental principles. I enjoyed it very much.
Professor Bloom makes the topics I thought were boring very interesting and made me realize many things.
Amazing course with awesome animated lectures. The additional readings provided were amazingly relevant.
Fantastic and very insightful course that provides a good base and introduction into a very broad field.
great  start for intro to psychology . but a lot deep is psychology and some major concepts are missing.
Awesome and charismatic professor, very engaging videos and super interesting content. highly recommend!
Excellent Course, I appreciate the work, dedication and the great quality of all the material. Thank you
Very interesting. I highly recommend it. It would be great to have more follow up courses like this one.
it is worth to spend time on learning this course. not only for knowledge, but also for live well-being.
I really enjoyed the course. Professor's teaching style is very engaging and the content is interesting.
IT was a great course. Professor has a very nice method to develop students. Congratulations and Thanks!
Amazing course, Professor Bloom is just awesome. I loved it thoroughly. great insights, great examples.
The best videos on any Coursera course that I have taken so far. Good overview with interesting topics.
Dear sir, this is Saraswathi R.N. I have completed the course but I did not receive the certificate yet
Really love the way the course is explained by instructors and lectures are delivered in a good manner.
Engaging and insightful. Worth a shot, for anyone who is interested in Psychology or people in general!
It's a little bit long, but I loved every single minute of it. It's just wonderful. Thank you Dr. Bloom
Great professor. Easy to understand, format was engaging. Interesting subject matter. Highly recommend!
Introduction to Psychology as a fantastic course and I got more out of it than I ever believed I would.
MY FAVORITE CLASS BY FAR. The video content is incredibly engaging. Definitely worth participating in.
It´s legit the best course i have taken on coursera so far, i learned a lot and the videos are amazing
Super informative... Definitely makes you want to better understand how and why we are the way we are.
Excellenct cousrse, nice knowladge, examples, support reading and media one of the best course of mine
Professor Bloom is engaging and covers a wide range of topics in sufficient depth for an intro course!
Loved it. I think I am ready to pursue my long lost dream of Masters in Psychology. Thanks to Dr. Paul
This was an absolute pleasure! Mr. Paul Bloom was outstanding and my honor to have been taught by him.
Amazing course to start understanding the basics of psychology. Professor Bloom is amazing, thank you!
Very informative and easy to understand. Very essential knowledge for managing our daily life emotions
Great course! Learned a ton and hopefully, it will stay in my brain because it was pretty interacting.
I'm glad I took this course. 12/10 recommended for all! Great job Prof. Bloom. Truely inspired by you.
A wonderful course!Unfortunately, it didn't go through to the end. The Russian language is missing. :(
Thank you for the amazing work you've done so I could learn and see more about which way I want to go.
great course, the work into the visuals also remercable. would like to have a possibility to continue.
This course is great, if you even have a slightest of curiosity about psychology, you should take it.
completely understood the course, clear voice,nice animations, great work coursera and Paul gloom sir
It is really an excellent course for beginners.I wanna thank professor Bloom for such a great effort.
Absolutely amazing 10/10. I defiantly recommend if your interested in learning more about psychology.
Everyone should take this course!!!At some point,I felt I was in an actual class.Well done professor.
Now I have a broader and clearer vision of the mind, emotions and human behavior.Highly recommended!!
Different, Deep and Exciting. You will know a lot more about this field after completing this course.
Interesting and succinct overview of major components of Psychology. Most enjoyable and informative.
It is a wonderful course, I never imagined that an online course could be so engaging and inspiring.
This is a really well made course. I was actually sad when it ended. Very informative and enjoyable.
Highly recommendable! The amount of time I put on this course has paid back. It is totally worth it!
Very good course, clearly explained material. I loved the format of the videos;) Highly recommended.
Wow! This course is amazingly well constructed. I absolutely loved it and the teacher is incredible!
Especially love the animated aspect of this course. It really makes it unique and engaging. Love it!
great overview in a nutshell! i recommend for anyone who is interested in the pillars of psychology!
Enjoy this course a lot, it is good idea to revise your studies and still connected with psychology.
A brilliant course for any person interested in the field of psychology.  I enjoyed it tremendously.
thankyou so much prof.BLOOM for your wonderful course.It helped me a lot for my future in psychology
I simply loved this Course.  Thank you Prof. Bloom.  Your way of teaching is superb.  Thanks Again.
Got a good glimpse on why human are the way they are and behave in a certain way in day today  life
All in all, it was a very informative class that runs through many of the basics of psychology. 5/5
It’s an excellent introductory course, with a good flow and pacing, taught by an engaging professor
Fantastic course! I've learnt so much and highly recommend this to anyone interested in Psychology.
Best course to get familiar with psychology. Just start doing it and you will fell in love with it.
Very useful, not easy, but also not difficult, not long, understandable, interesting, just perfect!
I learnt a lot thank you for share your knowledge with me, I want to continue learn more and more.
A nice scientific approach to psychology, nicely structured and good course material. Thanks a lot
Interesting, brief and practical, the recommended readings completed well this introductory course
so interesting! I loved it so much and I hope I can be able to apply all my learnings in real life
it was an epic course, definitely helped me get insight on mant things!! i am happy with it really
Everything I was looking for and more. Really interesting and engaging.Tip -Do all the reading!!!!
Easily understandable and a good overview of the many different facets of the field of psychology!
I love it!! So interesting. I feel ready for my forensic psychology course at Lund University now!
The professor was engaging and the videos helped a lot in understanding the context of the course.
The lecturer really puts dedication to this course. The cartoon style of the class is fascinating.
I loved everything about this course what an amazing instructor Prof. Paul Bloom is!i loved it :)
one of the best courses I have taken online. good job with videos and professor you were amazing!
i learned more about what type of person i am. i,m very thankful to you for this brilliant course
Great intro course, Dr. Bloom manages to be engaging and eloquent despite being an online course.
Lovely course for anyone who is keen to learn about some basic psychology relevant to daily life.
Very informative and helpful... Thank you. I will to save to be able to purchase the certificate.
Such an amazing and insightful course. It has helped me understand the world around me and myself
Wonderful! This course made me think about my life and I learned a lot!I recommended this course.
Really interesting topics. Also I really like the animation that went with the lectures as well.
Very enjoyable course, a great variety of topics and just enough detail to discuss them further.
An engaging and interesting course for anyone who wants an insight into the field of Psychology.
love how the professor explain every concept clear that you can understand very well, thank you.
With fun videos to go along with quality PPT sessions its very interesting to learn this subject
Thanks a lot for these kind of courses great and good learning knowledgable very well presented.
Wonderful introductory course.I Like the simple explanations, topic, and artstyle of the videos!
Very good class that allow us to discover many different topics of psychology and everyday life.
I like the course is very clear and it helped me to understand some of the human being behavior.
It is an excellent course! All the concepts have been explained in depth and in a simple manner.
The course was really interesting and the method of explaining is very good and understandable.
Great condensed overview on major topics in psychology. Professor Bloom was incredible. Thanks!
An incredible course - not too time consuming and definitely worth the time you do spend on it.
Amazing course, excellent instructor. I had an awesome time taking these lessons, learnt a lot.
What a lovely course! Thank you, Professor Bloom, for having sparked my interest in psychology.
One of the best courses I have taken on Coursera. Concise and very informative. Totally hooked!
A very informative course. I highly recommend anyone who enjoys psychology to take this course!
I LOVED THIS COURSE SO MUCH. PLUS THE Doctor's voice is very relaxing thank you for everything.
I thought this course was a lot of fun, and enjoyed the teaching style of the professor a lot.
Amazing videos, very engaging and interesting. Thank you.  I really enjoyed doing this course.
This course is very helpful in my personal life. I have learnt a lot of things by this course.
fantastic course, thanks Professor Bloom, i took a good decision to be part of this course!!!!
Just perfect, it helped me a lot. Professor bloom is just incredible, I will miss this course.
Great teacher, short engaging videos, amazing content and interesting readings!100% recommend
It was really well organized. The videos and even the readings were detailed and interesting.
Very easily digestible! A great introduction to the vast and fascinating world of psychology.
A Brilliant introduction and a great way to identify further areas of interest of preference!
A great course that gives useful information for being able to move on in studying psychology
Interesting and very engaging course. I wish it lasted longer and covered even more material!
Amazing course, super interesting and engaging. I would highly highly recommend it to anyone!
veryniceintroductory course, easy to understand, with a wide coverage of topics in psychology
I learned a lot from. I even got to learn more interesting facts on disorders and happiness.
An interesting introduction to psychology, inspires one to want to know more of the subject.
This course was very interesting and a good star for someone that wants to study psychology.
Excellent class! The professor was fantastic and I enjoyed the story telling through images.
Very informative introduction, and very engaging with both educational content and graphics.
This course provides a great overview of various aspects of psychology. Great for beginners!
This course is really good and gives a great overview on the different aspects of psychology
Simple approach yet rich insights.Very InformativeGreat Readings recommendations/references.
They definitely upgraded the original lectures to a much improved presentation. Great class!
For the beginner,  this course is easy to understand. I was so appreciative of this course.
very helpful in tackling the emotional setbacks and traumas and helping others in doing so.
This was an awesome course on Psychological aspects and iam very glad that i could do this.
Thanks for giving us the opportunity to learn psychology online. It was an amazing journey.
Good knowledge and understanding about the basics of psychology. It really helped me a lot.
I liked and learned a lot with the help of course i thank to u give more idea about courses
Good course to get a fundamental understanding of the wide range of this interesting field!
Very systematic approach to basics of psychology. I couldn't imagine a better way to learn!
I feel sad that I can't add additional stars as this course was one of the best in coursera
this course is awesome.  The instructor is engaging and the lectures are super interesting.
it was a wonderful journey to take with DR Paul Bloom, i enjoyed every bit of this course.
This course was very informational and I learned a lot from it. Thank you professor Bloom!
Very Good course for the beginners and help the new students to make carrier in this field
Excellent course, with an extensive and comprehensive overview of what psychology entails.
Tnx to prof Bloom who taught the subject in such an incredible way.it was very interesting
Extremely didactic course for beginners who want to learn a little m ore about psychology.
Brilliant...loved every moment of it. Clarified so many concepts and gave insights as well
Very engaging professor and topics - really fascinating insight into how we think and act!
A very
well structured course that gives an excellent overview of the field of
Psychology.
Paul Bloom is a phenomenal Professor. It’s well paced, engaging and extremely informative.
It is very good program for more information about mind and good for language development
Brilliant, just what I was looking for to get an overview of the basics of Psychology :-)
great start to taking an online course/class. Structured really well and not overwhelming
Animation and infographics used in teaching is So so amazing.....WOW thank you so so Much
very good brief introduction of allof  psychology. i really enjoyed learning every lesson
very comprehensive. Good everyday examples. liked additional reading provided/recommended
I loved this course.  The Professor, the course material and the pace were all excellent.
Great videos and lessons and easy to follow each week. Learned a lot more about the mind.
It was engaging, interesting and it gave me a good base to start learning psychology from
Comprehensive overview of what psychology entails. I very much enjoyed it and learnt lots
This a great, thought-provoking course. The graphics for the lectures are also very nice!
its full of information related introduction to psychology its really help full, thanks.
Engaging, thought-provoking and directly-applicable, not only to work but to daily life.
One of the best thing that I did during this quarntine. I dont regret taking this class.
Prof. Bloom was really engaging and resourceful. It was as good as a face to face class.
Ended up learning a lot more than I expected and my experience was nothing but positive.
I totally enjoyed the lectures. They were very informative Thank you so much. Armando R.
it is a very good introduction course to learn and surely i'll suggest it to my friends.
Wonderful explanations and in-depth knowledge about every domain included in psychology.
The lectures are funny and fruitful. Dr. Bloom uses a very accessible and easy language.
Real goof effort by the prof. to me psychology is more of research than abstract theory.
Excellent introduction to psychology and the best coursera course I've been enrolled in.
Fantastic Presentation!Love the animations, content so interesting / binding!Thank you!!
wonderful course. very well structure and the lecturer is amazing. highly recommend it.
Very easy to understand, engaging lectures, and easy to handle if you live a busy life!
Great content and lectures - would happily take another of Prof. Bloom's classes again.
I loved the course, leaned a lot of new things and opened my mind to new opportunities.
Than you so much for this course. I feel like I've really accomplished something great!
The professor has his way of explaining and giving examples for clearer understandings.
The curse its great. Recomended for those who want to have i long view about psichology
Loved the course. It was a pleasure for me to learn so much in such an interactive way.
Really great introduction to such a wide and interesting subject with so many faucets.
I loved it. Videos are simple and engaging. I wished that it would be a longer course.
Great digestible content taught by a knowledgeable professor with a friendly demeanor.
Fascinating course, great introduction to psychology, leaves you wanting to know more.
truly enjoyed the whole experience, wished all of my schooling was up to this standard
Paul did the most personal teaching but it also the most beautiful intro to Psychology
Ummm. This course is just amazing for the beginniners to get to know about psychology.
Great course! I really enjoyed professor Bloom's way of presenting the subject matter!
I love it! The teacher is great, the videos too! I am from Brasil and just love it!!!!
Prof. Bloom introduces the field of Psychology in an engaging and approachable manner.
Nicely planned course contents and equally nicely explained all the concepts by Prof.
Awesome girst course and insight to Psychology. Loved it. Thank you, Professor Bloom!
I loved this course, it was very important for my professional life and my knowledge!
It was a life-changing course, especially the part of Happiness. Thank you very much.
The course was incredibly useful for my preparation to the psychology entrance exams.
It is an excellent course for someone who wants to know some basics about psychology.
Really a very good overview for someone trying to understand the field of psychology.
I enjoyed and learned the terms of psychology. It was great experience for me. Thanks
Amazing course by Yale University. more courses like this should be offered for free.
Outstanding! I really felt that I gained an excellent foundation for further studies.
This animated course is so clear in what everything means, that learning is made fun!
Loved! I learned excessively well. The course and th professor are both exceptional.
Simple and easy to follow, the lecturer is great and the topics are very interesting
The course overall was very engaging and satisfying. I learned more than I expected.
I enjoyed this class - it was engaging and interesting! I feel like I learned a lot.
It gave us great opportunity to have a solid foundation on the concept of Psychology
Nicely explained the concepts and theories with examples. Engaging content n slides.
Easy to understand and fascinating.  Covered many different areas.  I learned a lot.
I suggest if this course is made it a regular then you can grant  a degree for this
Exceptionally interesting and informative course. Loved the structure and teaching.
Brilliant and insightful introduction to Psychology. Well structured and delivered.
Very good introduction to psychology by a really engaged and interesting Professor.
I was constantly engaged in the lectures and kept interested the whole way through.
Thank you for the  wonderful experience and knowledge collected during your course!
This course is definitely worth your time, I promise you wouldn't be disappointed.
it's so good I wish had more videos to improve more what I already learn with that
I enjoyed this course a lot ,I got a lot of answer to the question of why people ,
I love the content of the course and the way the professor presents the materials.
Its wonderful I Really enjoyed doing  this course, can improve Disscusions Fourms.
Wonderful intro to Psychology - well taught and all subjects are clearly explained
Very helpful courses. Love the visuals too which helps one engage and concentrate.
This was a nice course, i'm now feeling more happier by seeing my life. Thank you.
A wonderful course and presentation. My heartfelt thanks to Sri Bloom and the team
AS a college student I found this course was easy to understand. Very Interesting.
nice overall of psychology. Good start if like me you are seeking for strong bases
love this course. I am more confident in the incoming psychology course this Fall
A subject  is being taught in attractive way with good examples from life history
Excellent as an introductory course, and piques your interest to explore further.
The course is very well designed. The videos are really engaging and interesting.
Paul Bloom is an amazing professor the course was very interesting and insightful
Thoroughly enjoyed the course and am considering further education in psychology.
The course was engaging, fun, and exceeded my expectations! It was truly awesome!
Great introductory course. Easy to understand for beginners with engaging content
The course was so well constructed and emphasized. I enjoyed the lessons so much.
Incredibly good. Sometimes Prof. Bloom speaks a little slow so I speed him up :-)
This course really helped in understanding the fundamentals of Human Psychology.
Paul Bloom is l an excellent teacher. This course is one of the best of Coursera
Very engaging lectures, with interesting and varying topics. Highly recommended.
Thank to Mr. Paul Bloom to provide us these insightful lectures at global level.
Simple and elegant explanations along with apt articles and books told to refer.
absolutely a great course! so informative and it covered a whole lot of things!!
I’ve enjoyed it a lot! Such a great professor and very well done presentations !
I greatly enjoyed these classes. I feel they were very information and thorough.
This was so interesting and I I'll try to pursue more knowledge about psychology
Amazing course. Amazing lecturer. I was so excited to learn and study each week!
the course is simple and relaxing, It doesn't feel like when we were in college.
I liked this course, it was very interesting and I enjoyed studying this course.
Easy to understand, got broader view of psychology, lots of interesting subjects
Excellent! The professor was great and the videos were engaging and interesting.
outstanding professor with engaging material and presentation. i learned a lot!
this course is awesome some how i came to know about what is psychology thank u
This course will lay a strong foundation to build your basics about psychology.
Perfect course to do just in case you have always been intrigued by psychology.
An interesting course, Information delivered fast enough to maintain attention.
Great introductory course. Thoroughly enjoyed working through it. Learnt a lot.
LOVED IT!Awesome teacher, incredible videos and amazing resources...Thank you!
I have an overview about Psychology field before applying for BA at university
An excellent course an very engaging. Thanks Prof. Bloom for such lovely feel.
A great and simple course to introduce you to psychology, I really enjoyed it.
The course was very helpful.Thank you professor for this wonderful experience.
I have to say I really like this course and learned a lot. Thanks Prof. Bloom!
It was very helpful in understanding the different aspects of life and people.
Paul Bloom is a great professor, I hope I can take one of his courses at Yale!
Fantastic course that makes me wish I'd taken it as an undergrad 25 years ago.
Great course! Very informative! I actually enjoyed the lectures and material!
This course really gives a great introductory topics with regards Psychology.
Amazing intro to psych course! The professor definitely made this worthwhile.
A very insightful and enlightening course on how the mind works. Recommended!
It was very insightful and made me keen on learning more about the human mind
This is really a good course making psychology a bit easier to be understood.
Great lectures and interesting readings. Couldn't have found a better course!
I found the professor incredibly engaging and the content really interesting.
ITS A REALLY INTERESTING AND AMAZING COURSE WHICH COVERS ALL THE FUNDAMENTALS
Very engaging professor, nice video format. Course delivers what it promises!
Very informative course. I liked the graphics and the layout of each lecture.
Nice presentation! the professor is the best, glad to be part of this class!!
Engaging teacher and a very good opportunity to get introduced to Psychology!
Great course! Easy to digest facts, presented in an engaging animated format.
Very nice and Fundamental course for anyone who has interest in psychology .
Well designed content and video quality, enjoyed the course with enthusiasm.
I'll recommend this course to all my friends . Thanks for this opportunity !
Extremely satisfied with the knowledge i have by doing the course. Well done
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I learnt many aspects of human psychology.
I enjoyed studying different topics in this course. I'm  glad I've enrolled.
The best Psychology course I've taken so far. Very engaging and interesting.
Excellent teaching, well rounded and non biased presentation of the material
Very informative and i love the avatar !!! Thank you so much Professor Bloom
Good course and good videos. Inquisitive and learned a lot about psychology.
This is probably the best course on Introduction to Psychology I have taken.
Very usful and interseting introduction on psychology, we thank M.PAUL BLOOM
This was an amazing course with great content! Definitely worth your time!!
An exceptional course that provided extraordinary explanations to concepts.
It was excellent and nice videos . Hope we can always refresh the materials
Very well explained, engaging and easy to follow. Very interesting concepts
This was an extremely interesting course as an initial insight to the mind.
Awesome course! I love it, thanks cousera and teacher Bloom for support me.
The course was truly fascinating and has piqued my interest in psychology!
Extremely informative course with a great Professor to take you throuh it.
I really loved the course and. I also learned a lot of interesting things.
Very insightful and helpful in understanding of yourself as well as others
A well constructed course. I have learnt a lot from this course.Thank you.
A wonderful,life-changing, and engaging course that I have really enjoyed.
Really enjoyed this course. Laid a great foundation for my future studies.
excellent course, very informative concise, motivating enough to sudy more
Great overview to the field of Psychology. It really makes a lot of sense.
It opens my insight to some aspects of psychology and I'm happy for that.
Professor Paul teaches very well, thank you very much for this experience
After completing the course , I really feel more knowledgeable . Thankyou
This course was very informative. It was great learning about psychology.
overall good course for people who like to get knowledge about psychology
Captivating lecture videos. Very immersive. Enjoyed this course very much
Amazing piece of work by the Professor! I wish there would be a part 2 :)
Highly educational if you come with no academic background in psychology.
This is a phenomenal course to learn about the foundations of psychology!
As an introduction it has a broad scope and focus on recent developments.
Extraordinary visual material makes it easier to understand and remember!
One of the Best courses in which I had a clear experience of psychology.
It was a decent course and it gives you a good background on psychology.
every Human should enroll in this course for the welfare of the humanity
Very interesting, interactive, and teaching based on real-life examples.
the best way to learn your interest at any time anywhere and at any age.
i learned a lot and I think that's the career i definitely want to study
Wonderful class to take if you're interested in the field of Psychology!
I highly recommend taking this course to take an overview of this field.
An interesting course with well-chosen topics and an engaging professor.
Good Course, and teacher. Shot video learning is better than long ones.
The resources are great! Guaranteed to challenge the learner's mindset.
Very interesting way of teaching. You actually learn under Prof. Bloom.
loved itconcepts are very well explainedinstructor has done a great job
Really really great, exactly what I needed!!! Thank you all the team...
Very inspiring course. Good preparation for people outside this domain.
Excellent and engaging content. The professor is just beyond memorable!
very insightful and very educative never thought acquire such knowledge
a very amazing experience that broadened my mind and learning abilities
A highly engaging, thought-provoking and interesting course. Thank you!
Very engaging and interesting. It motivated me to learn more and more.
I really like proffesor bloom thank you very much siri like you really
Awesome Course. Prof teaches with examples and clips from experiments.
Very informative course, very well organised and presented. Thank you!
I really enjoyed learning. Professor Bloom and team thank you so much.
excellent course for beginners  as well as  for undergraduate students
A very useful, valuable course .... thank you so much for your efforts
An amazing course and an amazing professor. Can't recommend it enough.
A very nice introduction for people who are interested in psychology !
Excellent Course for Learning the Most Relevant Concepts in Psychology
Very easy understanding about the overall appearance about psychology.
very nice course! I love it and I will redo it again when I have time.
Fantastic introduction to psychology. Very impressed with the course.
i would thank professor bloom and yale university for such opportnity
Very interesting course, well organised, learned a lot of new things!
Thank you, Professor Paul Bloom for in such of well organized course.
A very insightful course. Looking forward to more such short courses.
Best Course I've ever taken, great lecture quality and animations! :D
I am very satisfied with the course, it is very thorough and dynamic.
A very engaging course to learn about the basic aspects of Psychology
This course is the best course to understand the cocept of psychology
I understood a lot of things about people and especially about myself
I have learnt a lot. and I am glad that I can do it at my own timing.
very amazing scientific data with simple presentation from Paul bloom
Excellent lecturer. Overall excellent delivery of the course material
I ENJOYED EVERY BIT OF THIS COURSE. IT WAS VERY INSIGHTFUL. THANK YOU
Engaging, great graphics, lecturer and content. I really enjoyed it!
I enjoyed this course a lot, it was very informative and interesting
Loved the course! Amazing Professor and really interesting lectures!
excellent learning through online, at ease, way of earning a degree.
It was a variety experience that i ever feel& content was fruit full
Accessible, Knowledgeable and Pedagogic. I recommend it to everyone.
Great course...Gives an insight into what goes on in the human brain
One of the best courses i have ever attented prof. Bloom is the best
FOR BEGINNERS IS VERY USEFUL INTRO TO PSYCOLOGYI ENJOYED ITTHANK YOU
wonderful course...it help me a lot in clarifying my basic concepts.
Best course for the introduction in Psychology and very informative
This course is very useful to understand others emotions, feelings.
The materials were presented clear and interesting. Easy to follow.
The course is fantastic and a great one for those who love learning
I really enjoyed it, great follow up from the science of well being
It is wonderful. I learned the basics with fun. Feel very grateful!
Amasing overview of psychology in short interesting video lectures.
Amazing course, awesome teacher and great relevant reading material
Great course, a lot of content and the professor was very engaging!
Great material, pretty convenient, can use on my own time, loved it
I got the perfect overview of Psychology in this course. Thank you!
Amazing course, thanks to Coursera, Yale University and Paul Bloom!
Thanks to Yale University and Prof. Bloom for this amazing course.
Highly recommend! Very fulfil and interesting course! many thanks!
This course was very easy to understand. Thabk you got the help 😌
The content is rich and useful. The professor present really well.
Very engaging and informative, I feel like I have learned so much.
People use psychology everyday even when they don't know about it.
A very interesting course. Well taught, engaging, and informative.
excellent content and outstanding course designed by the professor
I'm glad that I took up this course. It worths every second of it.
Terrific intro to psychology, clear cut and accessible. Thank you.
Well constructed course. Nice interaction method used. Enjoyed it.
Superb programme ..beneficial for ug students in psychology stream
One of the best online courses I have ever done in my whole life.
Very interesting course and engaging lecture presentation videos.
I love psychology. It is a  subject in which everyone interested.
This is one of the most attractive and captivating courses period
IT WAS AN AMAZING JOURNEY WITH MY PROFESSOR ... THANK YOU SIR....
it was amazing. I highly enjoyed it and definitely recommend it!!
Eye opening and nicely put. Great work on creating this content!!
Great first overview of psychology, engaging professor and videos
Very interesting, wide range of topics, great base of psychology.
Facinating and it captures your attention. Full of nice subjects.
Great engaging course for everyone interested in human psychology
A very helpful induction of the most common topics in this field.
Indeed a great experience,a mind blowing journey and a new start.
Great course, but I would prefer a real person and not a drawing.
Nice  and very interesting course . I enjoyed doing this course .
Excellent content, engaging way of delivery. Highly recommended!
Thank you so much for your effort, i really enjoyed this course.
very interesting, great course. Learned a lot for life and work.
Several Aspects of Psychology are briefly touched in this course
A great introduction to the subject, with an excellent lecturer.
Very knowledgeable and inspiring teacher. Great course material.
It is full of knowledge. Its astonishing experience of learning.
Course is fun and informative I love how the instructors teach.
Very good course for me. I appreciate it. I love being a human.
It  was a lovely experience. Great content  and way of teaching
Thank you for the course Sir Paul, Yale University and Coursera
Precise and enlightening, practical and enriching, Prof. Bloom.
it's a fantastic course.It has the strength to shape ones life.
Loved the course, it was very insightful and well put together.
very interesting and easy to follower. Absolutely recommendable
The lectures were very engaging and were beautifully presented.
AWESOME COURSE FOR ANYONE INTERESTED IN THE WORLD OF PSYCHOLOGY
Enough for basic and somewhat deep aspects of human psychology.
Nothing much but thanks to you who took your time teaching us .
Amazing instructor, I'm really happy I sign up for this course.
It was knowledgeable and broaden my basic knowledge of psych :)
High-quality course. Very informative (even for normal people).
Amazing Introduction to Psychology...just loved the instructor.
It was very nice to complete this course and has helped me alot
know a lot of knowledge about psy. thanks a lot for the course.
The lecturer and his approach to the material are really great!
very good lecture, professor is engaging. examples are perfect.
This has to be the best Introduction to Psychology course ever!
It is an interesting course to learn the basics of Psychology.
Stellar introduction to a very immersive and exciting subject!
Really enjoyed the course. Professor Bloom is really engaging.
It is a wonderful course covering basic aspects of psychology.
nicely explained and i have understood the basic concepts well
Very insightful & the perfect start to my Psychology Career :)
Exceptionally delivered content, very lucid and very relevant.
I absolutely love this course and I'll miss Dr. Bloom greatly!
I really advise to anyone who wants to learn about psychology.
Very interesting and very well explained. Thank you very much.
do not miss this opportunity to get acquainted with psychology
It provived me so much useful basic knowledge about Psychology
the course way very comprehensive, engaging and an eye opener
I love this course I definitely recommend leaning this filed.
An amazing course of psychology!. Gain Knowledge through fun.
Very comprehensive for a free online course!! I recommend it!
Its a very good course to have a basic idea about psychology.
It helps me a lot  to understand many people in this country.
Amazing course and a beautiful, unique Intro into Psychology.
Professor Bloom was wonderful!  I greatly enjoyed the course!
Great course. Very engaging lecturer and interesting content.
Great theoretical course! Great professor. I do recommend it!
My fundamentals were built Psychology thanks to this course.
The course was awesome. I really learned a lot about humans.
Its a really helpful course. I just pursued it for knowledge
Loved every lecture, Very informative and interesting course
This was such an interesting course and I have learnt a lot.
An awesome introduction to psychology.  Thank you very much.
LOVE LOVE LOVED THIS COURSE!!! So informative and engaging!!
Great Course, I thoroughly enjoyed. Real world applicability
Engaging and informative with an easily understood dialogue
thank you for providing this course, its very useful for us
Hi I'm very grateful to complete this really awesome course
very interesting course and i highly recommend this course.
Great introductory approach to a whole branch of knowledge.
Great course, thoroughly engaging , well taught . Loved it.
Very good course which is used to learn human personalities
I enjoy this course and want to learn more about psychology
LOVED IT psychology is my passion, so i extremly enjoyed it
Loved the experience and how well the course was conducted.
It was a wonderful opportunity for me to attend this course
This course helps to gain the basic Knowledge in psychology
Very informative in a fun way that doesn't bore you at all.
Good engaging course with basic terminologies of Psychology
Really liked the course. Helps you to see what it is about.
Amazing! I hope Professor Paul Bloom makes another course.
it is an awesome course and helpful for career development
One of the best courses on psychology i have ever attended
Very interesting content presented in a very engaging way.
nice course...really provides a good insight in psychology
Take this course and get your concepts right with clarity.
This class was easy to follow and was enjoyable to learn.
Nice Course with Awesome lectures of professor Paul Bloom
Amazing and engaging professor, great content and topics.
Extremely engaging  and interesting. Highly recommend it!
Really engaging course, fun to be a part of this journey.
very informative. I'm happy, but not ready to dwell on it
Thank you professor Bloom for this incredible engagement!
Creative way of presenting the course. Very informative.
This course is RICH with knowledge! So glad i took it :)
This online course is better way of learning best skills
Very interesting and complete course, perfect for beginn
It was really a great course with a lot of knowledge. ❤️
I would suggest this course to every single human being.
very well explained with numerous resources to refer to.
It's the most interesting course that I have ever taken.
Absolutely wonderful to review the things I already know
It was great to have a overview knowledge of psychology
I found this course very informative, engaging and fun!
Great way to start studying Physchology. Just, amazing.
Everyone should give it a try. It can change your life.
Very interesting and knowledgeable ..waiting for PART 2
This is the most interesting course I have come across.
A very interesting and well organised course. Loved It!
i like this coerce very much thank you professor Paul .
I absolutely loved it. The instructor himself is great.
Very interesting well provided examples for each topic.
Thanks a lo,t  the course was useful and well organized
Thanks Prof. Bloom for making the journey so beautiful!
It was awesome course, I've learned so much, Thank you!
I liked it, even when I disagreed, which tells a lot :)
So far it is great, you learn so much at your own pace.
Had full support, understood everything, and enjoyed it
Very strong foundation to understand modern psychology.
Wonderful and absolutely complete. Thank you so much.!
It was so much informative and I learnt a lot from it.
Great overview of the field and lectures were engaging
I really enjoyed this class, it was truly a challenge.
Excellent course to have an overview about Psychology.
Thank you, professor Bloom, for this fantastic course.
I truly enjoyed all aspects of this course. Thank you!
Great  course to give an understanding of psychology !
Loved itRealInformative Superb professor Must try 👍🏻
Excellent course. Everything is beautifully explained!
An amazing introduction to the human mind and behavior
Exceptional course! I loved every single second of it!
Excellent course. very informative and easy to follow.
One of the interesting course I have ever experienced.
Fantastic. Good overview. Speaker has a voice problem.
Very well presented, detailed, and informative course.
Absolutely amazing video format and amazing professor.
Very good course, love the animation in every lesson.
Fantastic and well presented..thanks for this course.
The course content is highly digestable and engaging!
very well conceived and effectively delivered course.
Best Course. Thanks for making me understand so well.
Great courseGreat flow / paceVery impressive lecturer
I enjoyed it so much! Reading materials are the best!
I found it very interesting. I've enjoy it very much.
It was interesting to learning a lot about psychology
Excellent program engaging and enjoyable to complete.
I enjoyed learning and I'm glad I joined this course!
Exceptionally informative with an engaging professor.
Fascinating and well paced introduction. Many thanks!
Paul Bloom, like always, is an outstanding professor.
Psychology is a course where you love it or hate it.
Really engaging course! Enjoyed every minute of it !
I have learned a lot of things. Thanks to professor/
A good introduction into many aspects of psychology.
Thank you very much sir....giving me a good platform
a good course to take the first step into Psychology
The course is beautifully presented and very helpful
this course come up with full of knowledge and basic
Very good course, learned more than expected. Thanks
Wonderful course material! Thanks to the Lecturer:-)
most interesting course i've ever taken on coursera.
It was an amazing experience to learn something new.
nice course, helped me learn a ton about psychology!
Creative lessons with nice style and a good teacher.
Great comprehensive course, entertaining instructor!
it was very informative, i would like to learn more
Easy understanding lecture with interesting sample.
Excellent initiation for Introduction to Psychology
Professor was extremely engaging. Highly recommend!
Wonderful Experience with the videos and materials.
The best, I fell completely in love with psychology
A VERY INTERESTING COURSE THAT IS VERY WELL TAUGHT.
EXCELLENT course. Very interesting, great lecturer.
It's so wonderful! I've learned so much. Thank you!
I really enjoyed this course so much. Thanks a lot.
this education course is rightly fitted in my world
A cute and fun way to meet psychology as a science.
Very good course and learning material is too good
Loved the professor plus everything that I learned
Very good course with a very wide range of topics.
One of the best Online Introduction to Psychology.
Mr. Bloom was very engaging, this course is great!
Incredible course, absolutely incredible lecturer.
Great course with great videos and amazing teacher
Really engaging course with a wonderful professor.
Absolutely fantastic course and amazing Professor.
Great course, comprehensive approach to psychology
simply an amazing experience and an amazing course
Wonderful introductory course. Highly recommended.
great course with a lot of extra content and links
Excellent approacho to start to study psychology!
Kept my interest and even provided a few chuckles
Dear Mr. Bloom, Thank you for your enlightenment.
Excellent course, go for it to better yourselves!
very informative and detailed introduction course
THANK YOU SIR I was able to lean about phychology
I love it , thanks professor it’s so enlightening
Excellent overall, thoroughly enjoyed the course!
Excellent content, well delivered and evaluated.
Thanks for showing me another perspective of me!
Well-selected topics and very insightful teacher
Great course to get the basics about psychology!
FantasticA great general overviewI learned a lot
Great course, the information is really helpful.
Thank you for sharing your knowledge generously!
Great overview and very easy to follow. Thanks!!
Geat course! Well prepared, fully professionall.
Excellent psychology course. Very comprehensive.
I highly recommend this course. I learned a lot.
I really enjoyed this class! :) I am so happy!!
Incredibly informative, engaging and enjoyable!
Fantastic course. Very helpful,  very complete.
This is a lively, engaging, informative course.
Wonderful course for  a beginner in psychology.
Learned a lot. Great
Course. Thank you so much.
i love it it was amazing i really learned a lot
It was really a spectacular series of lectures!
I enjoyed the course so much! really well done.
I learnt and knowledge of coirse using coursera
lovely course. very informative and interesting
it is a fantastic course and i wish for part 2
Very thorough and in-depth. Highly recommend!!
Excellent and very interesting.Thank youPreeti
Great,Very educational and applicable to life!
Very insightful course. I highly recommend it!
A lot of information to cover but does it well
The presentation is very interesting and clear
Professor Bloom is great, thank you very much!
Great course, very interesting and informative
Great place to start with psychology studies!
The course was really cool .I really liked it
Great class, I've learned so much! Thank you!
Good content with excellent production value!
I learned more Than i thought Its worth taken
Great form of delivery! enjoyed every video.
Wonderfully engaging and educational as well
The is a very informative and active course!
A truly engaging and mind opening experience
great course. Helped my mental health a lot.
Informative, educational and well presented.
Wonderful explanation throughout the course.
Excellent introduction to the subject matter
The Course was very engaging and informative
Thank you so much professor for this course.
I found a wonderful course like this course.
i really loved this course and recommend it
A fantastic course; comprehensive overview!
Good course to introduce you to psychology.
Very grateful to Professor Bloom. Thank you
excellent course from an excellent teacher!
I strongly suggest everyone this course!!!!
It was really wonderful. Thank you so much.
I enjoyed by learning this couse. Thank you
This course was such a pleasure, thank you!
Very informative and enjoyable ! Thank you!
A well rounded package with great delivery.
I loved the course!! I really recommend it!
great course, highly recommend to everyone!
Stirred my interest for psychology further!
A very nice, comprehensive and rich course.
A perfect course in contemporary psychology
A broad review of Psychology, learned a lot
THANK YOU FOR ALL LESSON YOU'VE GAVE TO US
Amazing course, and even better Professor!
This made me fall in love with psychology!
best course to understand people behaviour
Very interesting and understanding classes
Absolutely one of the best online courses.
Excellent Instruction, highly recommended.
Sweet, simple, and straight to the point!
Great overview, super engaging professor.
LOVED IT MORE THAN everything I EVER haVE
Accessible, straightforward and engaging.
The course is quite engaging and amazing.
Thanks profession so much. Thanks Couresa
Excellent course. Had a pleasure learning
Great content and very engaging lectures.
Really nice course happy to be engaged in
A good introductory course to psychology.
Excellent beginners course to Psychology.
Excellent! Engaged and inspired! Thanks.
Well structured and accomodating course.
its an excellent course... i loved it...
Great course. Thoroughy enjoyed learning
Its was very interesting and informative
It was really good I learned many things
The course was amazing. It was so clear.
Thoroughly engaging from start to finish
The animations were excellent! Loved it!
Very helpful course. Thank you very much
Great experience and easy to understand.
Very enjoyable first look at Psychology.
very informative and up to date content.
Great dont be afraid to give it a shot !
very good start in the topic psychology
Loved the course. Thank you Paul Bloom!
Such helpfull to being a crative human.
really interesting and engaging course!
Great lecture from a resourceful person
Great course! Enjoyed all the sessions!
Great course! I have really enjoyed it.
Great introduction course for everyone!
Great course! Loved every second of it!
Such an interesting course it was!!!!!
Great course, just a little too simple
Very interesting and helpful. Thanks!!
An excellent and very engaging course.
great course to start with Psychology.
Excellent ! It was a flawless course !
Excellent overview, engaging insights!
its very interesting to learn about it
Very comprehensive and easy to follow.
Much needed course for all acedmicians
Great course, can highly recommend it.
Excellent course. I really enjoyed it!
Wonderful course. Thank you very much!
THE perfect introduction to psychology
The instructor and course was awesome
Yeah I enjoyed doing this 🙂 Coursera
had been better than my expectations.
Very helpful course for the begginers
Wonderful course from begging to end.
I really enjoyed learning Psychology.
Gained Great Knowledge  on psychology
Great course! Would highly recommend!
Very informative and engaging course.
Interesting introduction of the field
A great start for psychology newbies!
Informative and very helpful indeed!
Pwoli !!! Oru rakshayum illa mutheee
Communication skills are very useful
Awesome and very interesting course!
I got a lot of knowledge. I like it.
I liked the course, I learned a lot!
Great, clear and easy to understand!
One of the best courses on Coursera.
Good communication and good training
Wonderful teacher, wonderful course!
one of the best experienceThank you!
Engaging course with useful content.
A very interesting, exciting course!
Great foundational course! Thank you
Interesting to learn the subject....
A very inspiring course / thank you!
I find it useful. Its a great course
Very engaging and interesting course
Such  inspirational sessions....!!!
Great experience! It was awesome 😊
So informative precise and amazing!
Extremely insightful and enjoyable.
Love it so much. Sad that it ended.
thank you very much. really helpful
I loved every minute of this course
Very interesting course. Thank you!
Very informative and comprehensive.
Very engaging lecturer and content.
One of the best courses of my life.
Great course material and lecturer.
Great course extremely informative!
It is so clear. I know more from it
Thanks coursera for this platform.
To understand psychological view..
best course for intro to psycology
Loving this course so much. Thanks
Excellent and very detailed course
Well crafted.Easily Understandable
Thank you so much Professor Bloom!
Really good introductory course :)
Very nice course for beginners!!!!
Thank you very much I learnd a lot
paul bloom is an amazing professor
Love this course thank you so much
Amazing new experience of learning
Great course! I like it very much!
The course is very good and useful
I'm grateful I stumbled onto this.
great course...highly recommend it
This course is very helpful to me.
easy and gonna be fun for learning
It was really a good experience .
Exceptionally structured content.
It's very interesting  nd helpful
Very interesting and informative.
Fantastic course! I recommend it.
It was great learning this course
Very interesting and entertaining
A great way to explore our minds!
Great course, awesome instructor!
Really interesting and enjoyable.
The course is designed very well!
Amazing and very accurate course.
very knowledgabale  course it was
I thoroughly enjoyed this course
The best course I've ever taken!
Very informative and insightful.
very interesting and good course
I really loved this course alot!
Great teachers and great course!
I enjoyed this course SOOO much!
Great course!  Very informative!
i am happy to finish this course
Great introduction to psychology
Everyone should take this class.
Brilliant overview of the field.
Very nice and informative course
Amazing course. Very informative
It is too helpful. Thanks a lot
Best intro to psych on the Web!
Very useful course for everyone
Very entertaining and rewarding
Interesting and really engaging
Excelent. The best I have seen.
It was interesting and helpful.
The course was worth pursuing .
I enjoyed learning this course.
Im hoping theres a part two ...
Professor Bloom is incredible!!
Learnt on basics in psychology
Very good introduction course!
Very good course on psychology
Its amazing things im learning
Excellent and Engaging course.
Was a very interesting course.
Very good introductory course.
Great course given by a Master
really had a great experience!
THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR EFFORTS
It was an awesome experience !
this coure is very insightful
Feel good to have this course
verry informative and helpful
Great class. I learned a lot.
its really amazing and useful
great was really good course.
very good intro to psychology
Great engaging lecture videos
Amazing experience. Thank you
absolutely good for every one
Very engaging and informative
The best course on coursera.
it was great I learned a lot
Really helpful for learning.
Thank u so much. So helpfull
thank sharing your knowledge
Great class! Thanks so much!
It was an amazing journey !!
excellent and helpful course
Great content and professor.
very good course, thank you!
absolutely love it!!Thanks!
Good overview to Psychology
A very comprehensive course
The course is just amazing.
Very helpful and insightful
i really enjoyed the course
Absolutely brilliant course
A good learning experience.
good content and structure,
Professor Bloom was superb!
A very informative course !
This course is so so great!
Great course and professor!
Great course. Very exciting
Love studying from you Sir.
Very helpful as a refresher
loved it!! he's so great!!
Got to learn a great deal!
Great program !  Thxs Paul
More than what I expected!
A very interesting course!
Surpassed my expectations!
Interesting and easy learn
Perfect !!! Thanks you.you
Great quick intro to Psych
Engaging, Fun, Informative
Engaging and comprehensive
It is a very good course .
TThis course is safe to me
very comprehensive course!
amazing and perfect course
good course for beginners
Great class, great video!
Loved it! 100% recomended
Great learning experience
Enjoyable and informative
This course is excellent.
Well taught and engaging!
It's too helpful.. Thanks
Very interesting course!!
Just an amazing course :)
Engaging and well taught.
great knowledge i aquired
It is an amazing course!
The Course is Excellent!
simply loved the course.
I just have a thank you!
it was an amazing course
Very Informative and Fun
Giving good education 👍
Nice course. I like it..
very interesting courses
Stimulating and helpful!
this course it's amazing
Short but great overview
The course was engaging.
Course is very well done
This was amazing course
A simply perfect course
Such a great professor!
really fantastic course
Great content and tutor
i like the coursera app
AwesomeGreat instructor
great course i loved it
Really Excellent Course
Thank you very much!!!!
Loved every part of it!
very easy to understand
Nicely compiled course.
What an amazing course!
Got to learn a lot! :)
USEFUL AND INTERESTING
Good. very informative
Learn about psychology
thanks for this course
interesting and useful
Very good and helpful
Really great Course!!
THANK YOU, PROFESSOR!
Amazing Professor !!!
Good course to learn
I loved this course!
Nicely done. Thanks!
This is great course
Awesome course!!!!!!
Course was very nice
Thank you very much.
Great introduction !
Thank you very much!
Meet my expectation.
I really enjoyed it!
The Best of the best
The course very good
too good and helpful
Highly recommended !
I loved this course.
Intellectual course
I want more of this
Great introduction.
it was good, thanks
Most updated course
Very well presented
Really great course
Great online class!
Very useful subject
Amazing Thank You x
good course overall
Great intro course.
Highly informative!
super knowledgeable
It was really nice
It is good course.
interesting course
very useful course
Fantastic Course..
Loved this course.
Thank you so much.
really interesting
I learned so much!
Very nice to learn
Loved this course!
It is good course
Great assesment:)
Wonderful course.
It’s really great
Extremely helpful
A great course :)
I'm very thankful
It's really great
Very informative.
Excellent teacher
Brilliant Course.
very interresting
Very interesting!
Very interesting.
Very nice course
The course is ve
very interesting
The best course.
Amazing course!!
Very nice course
More informative
very informative
Highly Recommend
very nice course
Great professor!
its good for nb
Very Good!!!!!!
Great Course! I
The best course
Great course!!!
He's brilliant.
Really helpful.
Perfect course!
Amazing course!
Good experience
GREAT COURSE!!!
So insightful!
Extraordinary!
It was a great
me gusto mucho
Just loved it.
Awesome course
Thank you all.
Great attempt
Thanks a lot!
great course.
Great content
Satisfactory
Well taught!
Very Helpful
Thank you!!!
Examplery 👍
It was nice.
It was good.
Vgood cource
Mind blowing
Very helpful
Great class!
Lovely intro
Nice teacher
good cource
It is great
Very useful
thank you¡¡
It's great.
I loved it!
I loved it!
Very great!
Good topic
Was great!
It is okey
thank you.
loved it!
Thank you
Loved it.
Perfect !
intesting
the best
Love it
LOVE IT
Great!!
OIt
