I found this tedious and boring. It was to glorifying of politics. It didn't mention that most politics is plutocratic and power  does what it wants. There is absolutely nothing "moral" about politics!
In video discussions distract from the message. I'd prefer to be able to listen to the instructor talk about what he knows, rather than be forced to sit through fumbled questions and unrelatable conversations. There is a discussion forum to address people directly that tends to have higher quality conversation as a result. This method of shoehorning students into the video is frustrating and unnecessary.
The course really didn't follow my expectations at all, I don't think the subject was explained as well as it could have been, there was a lot of potential.
Iam unable to submit assessment and there is no one responding when I ask questions about assignment in groups
The content was very poor and difficult to understand. Also, it lacks engagement, especially who is listening.
Disappointed me!
Professor Shapiro is an extraordinary teacher.  His ability to clarify some fairly opaque readings is impressive.  I suggest his next book should be "Pareto for English Majors."That said, the online course needs to be updated.  There's a handful of anachronisms in the video lectures and in the office hours videos.  For example, to hear in 2020 that Kenneth Arrow is still living gives one pause.  He died in 2017.   The credibility of the entire project is thus undermined. I did not participate in the forums once I figured out that the office hour discussions, at least some of them, were not responses to real time course participation.   I expect better from Yale!
The content is relevant and interesting but could be more linked to today's time. The videos are not engaging which makes it very hard to follow the lectures. A changing style or more expert interviews would have been nice.
Very Difficult to understand for an amateur. But way of organizing the course is good.
Its explained well but gets a little boring towards the end.
Not that interesting
I found this course fascinating. It explained a lot of history and politics that never quite made sense without an explanation of the Enlightenment in particular.My only comment is that it is very dense compared to other Corsera courses I have done. I think it could have easily been divided into more than one course as there was so much in it. I know that Ian said that there were other topics for which he could have run a whole course, however I think it could have been sufficient for me to have done the whole course on the enlightenment and then another on other topics.Thank you Ian
It is very well done. It touches all the political theories but that is it, it just touches them. It is still worth taking and you will also learn which one of the theories you can relate to.
This is one of the outstanding courses on Political Philosophy and Practice and the best starter for the beginner in the field.
It is said that "prior knowledge on politics is not required" for this course but I believe that it is better for one to have some basic knowledge on the various philosophers and basic political terms before starting on this course. I did not read up on any political material before advancing into this course and there were a few times I got stuck and had a hard time understanding what was happening. However, it has been an informative course for me and I have completed this course with more knowledge on politics now! :-)
This is a well organized course with lots of thought provoking material. Professor Shapiro's presentations were solid, occasionally humorous and worth my time and effort. At first I didn't find the format of the course's British-tutorial approach to my liking but by week 4, I understood the reasons for this approach. The readings were appropriate but, from my novice background, a bit over my head; the quizzes were not as easy as I thought they would be (which was a good thing). I was sad when the course ended. That being said, the course desperately needs updating, especially in the Trump era, where political immorality is flourishing. The past four years have seen the decline in democracy in many developed and developing countries. An updated course, in which this decline is incorporated into the course material would be valuable.That said, this was a valuable experience for this political junkie. Dr. Shapiro not only 'knows his stuff' but he can actually teach....a combination that is not always the case in higher education.
It is an excellent course. Amazing teacher who explained complex things using appropriate example. It is worth to have more course from this teacher. Somewhere I felt contents presented in manner that it place some premium to the ideological preference of west in general and US in particular. Echiman Problem was interesting example that teacher employed through out the course. But it could have been offered a balanced view, if teacher used "whiteman" problem  i.e.  exporting  and imposing  democracy  across the world justifying all kind of violence Manoj Joseph, India
I had no prior knowledge about any form of politics or political sciences at all, before I engaged in this course, only the utmost basics, such as Utilitarianism and Kantianism. I understand that the course stated right in the beginning that no prior knowledge was required at all to progress through the course. However, I've struggled quite a little trying to comprehend all the terms Professor Shapiro was using. Therefore, I still think that this course is more of an advanced course rather than the very basics.
Really enjoyed this course, although it was like a whistle-stop tour of political philosophy. That is probably the one thing I would change about it - the title. Foundations of Modern Political Philosophy might be more appropriate as morality was only briefly touched on. But it was jam=packed with information and education, really good, Professor Shapiro was excellent, and whilst the students were a little infuriating at times, I guess that adds to it too. Thank you.
I started this course with zero knowledge of politics and the like. Now I think I have understood the working of governments and why laws are made the way they are, according to history. I have basic knowledge and can now start forming my opinions on politics and the economy. Prof. Shapiro was a delight to listen to as well. Very knowledgable and graceful. Thank you
A little complicated to grasp for a non-American, but I managed to get a basic understanding of how politics were shaped through the many theories over the years, and try to apply my understanding to my country's governance situation. An insightful course that required quite a bit of thinking to keep up. Thank you Prof and the 2 students, for all the effort!
This is a great course to start. Although I am an Engineer by profession, i grew up following different political systems all over the world. I always amazed by the contradictory views of them. Finally, this course helped me to get a sense of different political theories and raised my interest much more. Thanks!
I'm glad I took this class; it was confusing and dense while being fascinating and thought-provoking. How's that for mixed feelings? It feels like a class I should take twice, the first time was prep and the second will be to learn the material and think through the ideas.
Thanks a lot Coursera.It would have been better if a different face had appeared as instructor during the course of study of some weeks. The same instructor in most of the weeks' courses and leading discussions made the course a little monotonous.
Overall a good course. Although maybe a little bit short/quick on the Marxism side of it. There's more information about some of the theories of Marx (and how they are thought to be false), instead of the political side of it (stop exploitation).
I'm from Brazil. I'I had more work to read, translate and understand some of the issues addressed in the lectures. I am reading the texts slowly. I am returning to see some classes to better understand them.
Great content with much reference material provided to allow you to deepen your understanding.  I would prefer a more standard lecturing approach than the intimate discussion setting used.
a very well taught, insightful and informative course, those who want to know more about the governance and politics, you can take it and gain some important knowledge.
Thank you for your work!This course made me think a lot, showed a new facet of philosophy. At first I didn't like the course, but now I think it is one of the best.
Its a good course for any one who wants to go into politics, business or religion. Only thing i did not like was there was not too much teacher student interaction.
Throughout this course of Morals Foundations in Politics, I have gained a lot by attending this course. Wish that I would be able to gain a verified certificate.
A very useful and instructive course, with an engaging format; but could only be improved, if all readings were published directly on the course-site itself.
the videos were really good and the readings were helpful and the course dealed greatly about the fact that democracy is really for everyone.
The course was engaging and informative.It teaches you the broader concepts in a deductive manner with completely all perspectives included.
loved the course, would have just loved more videos and discussions about democracy, where it fails and how to deal wit that
"very inspiring, thoughts provocative course", that I have learned a lot as a lay man in the morality of politics.
Very interesting! I just didn't like the conversation format of it, but the professor is great. Thank you!
Really informative and interesting. Thank you Coursera and Professor Sharpino for making this possible!
The course is a bit too long and unorganized. It would be better if concepts are separated in chunks.
It was the best course with full of fun and learning. The more you go the brighter you become.
The content of the course is valuable and well your worth the time spent on the course.
Conversational format is really helpful, great real world examples and connections.
This course is also helpful you know basics or the foundation of political science
overall a most comprehensive course on the foundations of politics!
very interesting course to introduce you to the idea of politics
It help me to understand about political situation and analysis.
I honestly enjoyed the entire course,  it was quite insightful.
Very Nice Course. Clear Understanding About Politics.
Very in depth and fruitful, I enjoyed it very much.
great course,taught me some things I didn't know
The video is too short. I was expecting more.
good info, quizzes of reasonable difficulty
Covers the basics. Quite Good.
such a good course to learn
good for politics students
very good and intresting
very helpful topic
Excellent, thought-provoking course.  I especially enjoyed the final week lectures that pulled it all together.  Both should be required listening for both voters and politicians in democracies.
I have no prior knowledge of political science and I just took this course to have an idea about politics. I learned more than I expected! Kudos to Professor Ian Shapiro, his explanations were thorough and very easy to understand. The students he's talking to were also bright and I learned from them as well.
Such a great course! I have learned so much, the teaching was really incredible. I am hoping to use this course to go on to study a Masters in Politics so this education has been invaluable to me.
Professor Shapiro's explanation of the concepts was excellent. This course gave me a clearer understanding of many theories and the perspective of many prominent political thinkers and economists.
Excellent course for deepening the knowledge of politics. Maybe too much emphasis on the economic sides in a time of rising identitypolitics. Nevertheless I enjoyed the colleges of professor Shapiro very much. For me, working as a journalist and political columnist in Dutch politics, it was a surprise that mr. Shapiro gives preference to the anglosaxon two-partysystem  above our system of proportional representation. The advantage of the latter is that so far we have no vetocracy here as Fukuyama described the deadlock in the American Congress - although the democratic system is undere pressure everywhere in the western word, no matter what system. The argument of professor Shapiro that a first past the pole-system filters out populist appeals is now contradicted by Trump's campaign.  Thanks so much for the inspiring colleges, Hans Goslinga, The Hague, the Netherlands
The Course (Moral Foundations of Politics ) is an important subject for Politicains and the students of Political science. Prof. Ian Shapiro's lectureres have good information and most helpful.
This was a phenomenal course that really motivated me to understand the moral foundations of arguments and systems of politics. I look forward to retaining my course material and studying it.
Thanks to Professor Ian Shapiro, this class has meant a lot to me, this kind of dialogue-based teaching has allowed me to be in the environment as well, and thanks to the two students, who were always able to ask the questions I wanted to ask, a lot of the details in political philosophy came out because of the dialogue, which is something that no other course has. Thanks again to Professor Ian Shapiro, and thanks to Yale University! I would recommend this class to my friends.
excellant work dont by Dr Ian Shapiro and staff on putting such a mind turning,thought provoking MOOC on a complex and ever controversial subject known as POLITICS!..I hope to see more from them soon
This was a great course and the professor in particular was great!  He was very engaging, I liked having the two students with him as he went through it; a large class would have not worked as well and I'm sure that having an instructor just stare at a camera or even just click through Power Point slides, would have been much less interesting. Overall, I think the course was awesome, very informative, well put together, and had a great natural flow, mostly do to the instructor's conversational style and his interactions with the students. I love to learn and I love politics so the class was a no-brainer but ended up being better than I had anticipated (this is my first course through Coursera). I highly recommend it!
When I signed up for Moral Foundations of Politics, I wasn't really planning on taking it too seriously. I just thought it would be a good way to burn up free time during the Covid-19 pandemic. Turns out, I became fascinated by it. The course covers a lot of extraordinary thinkers whose thoughts and ideas challenge my understanding of politics and the world. To be honest, I would have to review this course many times and read a ton of books to fully grasp everything in moral political philosophy, but I can say I know one thing with certainty, I am and will continue to be inspired by the knowledge that was shared in this course. Thanks a lot!
I enjoy this course a lot. Although there are a lot of things that get in the way of my learning, I finally manage to finish it due to the personal deadline feature. I love the delivery of the video materials, professor Shapiro explains the concepts clearly and he makes the lessons informative, interesting, and easy to understand. I love how this course really resembles the physical environment of the classroom, where there is an exchange of ideas/ question raising/ sharing between the professor and two outstanding students. I learned a lot from them too. This course is Politics 101 and it enlightened me so much!
Excellent course. The material was very interesting and I felt that the lecture format of Professor Shapiro discussing the material with two students allowed for a more comprehensive exploration of the ideas presented than a standard lecture might have. This course also managed to avoid a problem I often have with online courses in that the assessment questions weren't too easy with obvious answers, they actually required a level of understanding to answer correctly. I would highly recommend this course to anyone with an interest in politics, political philosophy or political science.
I like the course. It goes deep in the matter. the theories are explaind good and graphs are easaly understandable. Thanx for the course
This course is really informative  for anyone with a developed or budding interest in politics..to understand the basic political ideologies. Concepts like Rawl's Moral arbitrariness..the Eichmann problem..plato's problem with democracy...how the wisdom of the crowd shows that deliberation isn't always a good thing...and many many more-that's going to stay with me and be a part of my 'moral-introspection'...I think if the Kantian philosophy is updated a bit more, it'll be helpful..I have some idea now about Socialism but I can't say I'll be able to successfully argue with some pro-communist guy. There wasn't much discussion in the forum-that's sad..it discouraged me from asking some questions I had. These two were the only downsides to the course.The bottomline is that I feel that taking a course like this is very important for us, when politics is an inseparable part of our lives. It will help in making atleast some sense of what's going on in the world politics-the Brexit, the Trump-success, etc.
Out of the general conception, especially in the world that I come from, that Morals have no place in politics, I was interested to take this course, and I am thankful that, at least, I can see now, and recognise, that it has always been a goal to seek among all the different traditions' philosophers and theorists. I can also see, that "Wringing politics our of politics" is not possible, and we'll always, as humans, differ in what we think or believe is moral or not, however, this shouldn't in no way, make us accept that unanimously agreed upon values are violated in pursue of political gains. Truth is, no matter how difficult it is to reach sometimes, is always our destination. Thank you Coursera and a hearty thanks to professor Shapiro.
This is very inspirational course in politics and also in philosophy. It covers the concepts and models of a lot of canonical thinkers ever since early enlightenment. In every module of the course, students will know more about the trials and errors in human history in producing the "right" government and political system. I also like how the course is presented with the dialogues between the professor and two students which remind me of Plato's Dialogues, full of dynamics and wisdom through the questions and answers. All together, I would like to recommend the course to my friends who share the same interest in politics and philosophy. Many thanks to Professor Ian Shapiro, the two students in the video, and coursera.
This was an excellent course taught by a native South African of Jewish decent who heads up an international center at Yale University with a name something like International Comparative Government and Democracy.  It has been a good while since I completed this course so I do not remember all the specific names.  The lectures were excellent and tightly and logically integrated and focused.  There were several times the lecturer said "we could have a course on that subject" and moved on, staying on target.  One conclusion I remember is that Supreme Courts do not matter that much, do not influence society so much, which is a  real eye opener.
The lectures are easy to understand, the reading materials informative. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and any beginner will be able to grasp the technicalities of Moral Politics after this Course.
I am 78 and have known a lot of good and excellent scholars and teachers but Professor Shapiro is, what the french call " sans pair". At my age I don't have sufficient time left to learn on my own 5% of the wealth of materials and subjects discussed by professor Shapiro. I learned a lot : a better and more structured understanding of political theory , systems and little things . In my country (Belgium) Winston Churchill is also frequently quoted by the majority "the opposition's role is to oppose". I realize now that in a fragmented multi parties landscape like Belgium (multiplied by two because of the 2 national languages) , Churchill's quote is completely wrong. His famous quote has to be understood literally because under the Westminster system that's all the opposition can do. In the Belgian multi parties system the opposition can however play a different role like providing an alternative or extended majority for a proposition that a party it can and based on its program and doctrine should support. that's a completely different situation.
This course was fascinating. It is the first course of political philosophy that I know which wasn't made with a kind of "antiquarian spirit". Everything we study in this course is put in context with contemporary issues. An other thing very interesting are the classifications of early enlightenment and mature enlightenment which helps a lot to understand and classify political thoughts and the idea of "workmanship ideal" which is very brilliant to explain deep political beliefs especially when it is put in context with the rawlsian philosophy.About technical aspects, I would say that it is a great idea to film in black and white to be focus and to have a dialog with students that adds dynamism and helps Shapiro anticipating the questions and misinterpretations of the public. But I think the slides could be improved by more regularity in the fonts and the colors. To conclude, it was a great pleasure to follow this course and I hope there will be a new Shapiro course to deepen political philosophy.
I would not ever expected a course like that. Mr. Shapiro have done a tremendous effort to join several authors and connect then into their agreements and disagreements over to the themes. Brought always real examples and showed then in good perspectives. He did trace a chronological line and introduces many important scholars as he could, including references, papers and books. I would like to distinguish the office hours that did a great help and worked like a review to sections. Quite inspiring! Congrats to all.  ( next time, change the location, scenario and light )Massive learning...
I have learned so much from this course, particularly and most importantly about myself and my future studies. I am a Brazilian Law graduate and an English teacher, but I would love to start another course and perhaps engage in another profession. The course has made me fall in love with Political Science. Thank you, Professor Shapiro, as well as Yale and Coursera for making the course available to everybody. It was an amazing and inspiring 8 week-journey towards my own enlightenment and it has definitely broadened my views of the world.
The course is really well-explained with a very clear logical structure and a lot of exemples. In fact, it starts with a real case - the Eichmann Case which is morally complicated. During the course, the professor raised many questions in order to guide the two students towards the established conclusion as well as who are watching and listening to him in front of their screen, so that we have a sort of interaction. So that's all these reasons mentioned earlier that explains my recommandation. Just take it and let's see how !
Dr Ian Shapiro's class provided me with an opportunity to understand the important concepts that influence politics today. What was surprising was that, even within the limits of a MOOC, the course was able to cover a lot of topics and to the depths that I didn't think was possible!The discussions with the two students, that simulated a classroom environment was also a commendable effort. I could identify myself sitting in the class with those two students. My thanks to the students as well for making this a memorable course.
This is a more than excellent course that weighs our political talents, qualifies us to work better, and increases our incomeSo we hope that you will exempt us from the fees for obtaining the course certificate, as I need this certificate to develop myself at work in order to improve my income since I do not exceed my annual income of 3000 dollars, it is not enough to teach the family and I cannot pay the certificate feesPlease give me the certificate for freeDr. Mostafa Elsayed Sherbiny ElsayedEmail: mostafa.shrb@gmail.comm
I found this to be one of the most useful courses I've ever taken in my entire life.  Ian Shapiro is a master of his specialty and clearly explains all of his ideas.However, I did have to work through the course very slowly, taking it several times, and taking several hundred pages of notes (because I wanted to, and it helped me remember the ideas).  The amount of information covered in this course could easily be broken into three courses!  I feel so privileged to have been in Ian Shapiro's internet class.
It is a wonderful course not only from the point of view of the content, but most especially from that of the format. You feel like you are in the classroom and the questions posed both by the professor and the students really make you stop and think for yourself instead of just expecting someone to explain everything for you. Overall, I think it was one of the most enlightening courses I ever attended, both online and offline. Thank you very much for this opportunity!
This course was a really good, but thorough introduction to the history of political theories that have influenced in some way or another, the governments and political environments we see now. It was not difficult to follow, and I found the way the lecture was conducted, unique and engaging. Definitely sparked my interest to find out more and I recommend it to anyone who is looking to kickstart their learning about political philosophy and how it came about till now.
Extremely rich in resources, I could not have imagined to have learnt so many things from such a large number of western thinkers in such a short period of time without this course. Though sometimes it gets overburdening, and I needed time to read and think about the various theories and look through the diverse perceptions. This course has been a wonderful opening for me to the western thought, and will  surely help me to look at things more critically.
A beautifully organized immersion into Enlightenment political theory in its many manifestations and challenges.  Professor Shapiro shares his erudition in lucid and engaging lectures and through conversation with two sharp political science students and a superb graduate teaching assistant.  There is historical breadth as well as much penetrating analysis both of specific thinkers and their work and their implications for contemporary political issues.
An amazing course!!I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who is interested to learn about the important Political Theories, the important debates involving Politics and the concepts of what makes a government legitimate. This course is taught by an amazing Professor, who explained the concepts, the past and current political systems very well and in much details. Very interesting course and well structured. Grateful for this opportunity!
I'm in the middle of the course but having taken many MOOCs I am already far more engaged in the lectures and discussion. I think the model of having the two students to query works well to make us stop and think about how we might answer the question and to reflect on the logic. I also like the black and white noirish atmosphere of the filming although not quite sure why its like that. I also like the fact that there is reading and not just lecture.
best thing about this course is Prof Shapiro, not merely because of the fact that he was engaging but mainly due to the fact he taught form a grass root level and was easy to understand, comprehend and follow what he was telling, this course really changes your way of thinking about the world as you start relating live phenomena to the different straight jacketed approaches of different philosophers and so it really makes you start thinkng
Professor Shapiro is one of the finest instructors who have chosen to offer their courses on Coursera.  His knowledge is deep, his ability to explain and clarify subtle concepts is superior and the manner in which he teaches the material covered is sound.  To have the chance to hear his tutorial is a real opportunity that anyone who has interest in the study of political or political ethics should not miss.  A fine course.  Bravo!
A wonderful course that will have you thinking about politics in the present day by looking at the traditions that began in the past. Professor Shapiro provides an excellent format, using a two person classroom whereby student are asked and do ask questions. You will find the time going by very quickly when watching each video, and I found that I retained a larger amount of the material from a single viewing than in other classes.
This course is my choice to support my eager to learn in this Covid19 pandemic. This course enlightened me on how we should see the government works and how we can consider acts of the government or the government itself is legitimate. This course give me a historical steps on moral foundations of politics. However, the course is still dominated with the US politics point of view, but I am still able to get along with the course.
I really enjoyed this course. Prof. Shapiro has done a great job - clear explanations with a lot of examples. The lecture format of the course with two students have made it very pleasant to follow the content, at least for me. It really reminded me of being back again to the actual student desk at university when we hadn't always had the answer to everything. I really like I was able to concentrate on each separate lecture.
Well balanced canter through the enduring and changing economic and political theories threading through Contemporary political debate with plenty of examples and reading matter to expand one’s knowledge. Good format with discussion with students both in the lectures and on the forums. Look forward to seeing how debate would work with two professors from differing universities and what different perspectives could arise.
A great insight into different schools of political thought. The professor was very engaging, and skillful in simplifying complex ideas for our deliberation.  Apart from the duration of each lesson, the knowledge attained is "enlightening" as it sheds light on the states of politics and the politics of states. Knowledge of political thought is not a prerequisite for this course (although it definitely helps).
I really enjoy Professor Shapiro's methods of explaining, I don't have much knowledge about politics and some concepts were new to me, but he explained them in such a way that I had no trouble understanding! I also really appreciated the idea of having two students present discussing and arguing with the professor, it added so much to the course and they asked many questions on behalf of many of us I am sure.
This course provides you with a great understanding of the foundation of politics, along with its derivatives over time, to have a full grasp on how civil society has developed over time. Dr. Shapiro is an absolute rock start at providing multiple examples for you to understand the concepts and theories fully, and to constantly goes back and relates one to another to develop critical thinking on the subject.
Very helpful in these times of Trumps America we are seeing a new sort of semi Democratic  authoritarian plutocracy,   I am excited and terrified to watch history unfold. those who do not learn form history are doomed to repeat it, while those who do learn from history are doomed to sit back in horror as we watch the rest of the world repeat history despite fair warnings.   Thank you for the course!
It was very engaging. Throughout the course, my preconceived notions of the various political systems that were discussed are challenged and I came out of the course having a more detailed understanding about the strengths and weaknesses of the different systems. I have also gained insight about the how and why the political thinkers of their time came to the ideas and notions that they conceived.
I am so so much grateful of the Professor, who has enlightened me on this sophisticated field. All the lectures are delivered in an enjoyable manner that I can not help watching everyday since I've started the course. This will be an immense support in my career development as well as my personal life.
Plus, the quick reaction of the two smart students to the Prof's questions is also impressive.
I don't have a background in politics or philosophy but am interested in both - this course is a fascinating trip down the history of ideas about morality and politics, the videos are very engaging, and the professor is extremely knowledgable and a pleasure to listen to. I learned a lot during this course, and if other courses would be offered by Professor Shapiro, I would definitely take them.
This course has helped me understand more about the different political theories and as beginner in the subject I got to well internalize some things I have already read but not quite memorized. With the well put examples of Mr. Shapiro and the participation of two students in the lectures I think it makes the course very interactive and interesting to an amateur in political sciences.
Best course for the topic. Professor Ian Shapiro is the best, no doubts about it. The topics, teachings and all other aspects are fabulous. Even the 2 students are very deep listeners and helped a lot to understand. Thanks you both. And thank you so much Ian sir, I will definitely remember you, your teachings style, the knowledge I've gained and those 2 students throughout my life.
I am from a non liberal arts background, trying to learn more about philosophy and politics. I was a little apprehensive about taking this course because I feared I will not understand much but the way Professor Shapiro teaches, I have barely enjoyed studying the way I have enjoyed this course, the fact that I am finishing this course a month in advance is a testament to it.Cheers!
Love the Professor's demeanour and teaching style. What an interesting and practical way to look at philosophy and and what a lens from which to view history. I hate anything to do with law and eco but love philosophy and this has warmed me to them both. It's excellent material for my medical entrance exam essays, and generally makes you a more interesting human being to be around.
This course, for me, has been an incredible first approach to the discussions of today's political theory. I feel like I have learned a lot of remarkable things, and the way in which the concepts were explained and connected made a very incredible experience. Even tough it took me a little while to finish, it was worth it, and for me, it was one of best course I've completed.
The professor is knowledgeable and uses analogous comparisons to real world events and historical events to further discuss, outline, or understand the notions and implications of the political theory being talked about. The engagement of the professor and the two students in the discussion was also helpful in bringing up possible questions or criticisms from the discussion.
Best course I have ever taken on Coursera, comprehensive and highly insightful.  Ian Shapiro is able to draw upon the most relevant issues in multiple disciplines at will.  The course structure, in which each lecture is given to two students, allows for a welcome give-and-take on each concept.  Be aware that it is highly US-centric, especially in the last part of the course.
If the worker and his boss enjoy the same television program and visit the same resort places, if the Negro owns a Cadillac, if they all read the same newspaper, then this assimilation indicates not the disappearance of classes, but the extent to which the needs and satisfactions that serve the preservation of the Establishment are shared by the underlying population.
As a complete novice in the field of Political Science, I found the course gratifying and enlightening (no pun intended). Professor Shapiro was a steady rock in illuminating the nuances of political thought through the centuries studied. I hope he continues to make a great contribution to the layman's knowledge of the underpinnings of our democracy/republic
I just love it! I don't have any political background and sometimes the interpretations made in the course are confusing (I don't mean interpretation in the sense of interpreting some writing or anything like that, rather than the parallelism that is made between contemporary politics and the original principals).Thanks a lot for making this available!
This is an excellent course -- one of my favorites on Coursera.  I learned much about the great political philosophers (Hobbes, Locke, Bentham, Mill, Marx, Rawls, Nozick, etc.) and Enlightenment theories (social contract theory, utilitarianism, Marxism).  However, I would have preferred that the course be split in two parts, because it is a bit long.
Incredibly interesting and captivating course. It made me want to continue studying politics and philosophy. Professor Ian Shapiro produces wonderfully explained videos with a good dialogue between the students and himself. I started this course not knowing much about the topics covered but I thoroughly enjoyed the course from start until finish!
Professor Shapiro does a great job of introducing and explaining these complex and introspective political theories. The format of using dialog with two students is novel and very effective. The office hours are well organized and well managed by a charming and knowledgeable assistant. Thank you for creating and offering this course via Coursera.
Really helpful introduction to Political Philosophy and covers a lot of ground. Professor Shapiro is also very good at specifying when he is giving his own interpretation of a theory as opposed to saying that is what it is - I think this is important in the study of philosophy. Very engaging lessons clearly structured. Really enjoyed the course
A fantastic course. Truly interesting and disseminated in such a novel and productive way. I've never actually ever studied political theory before and thus was a complete novice, but the course took you through everything with simple, but deep, lessons in a conversational style that made it less like lectures and more like a chat with friends.
I loved the course. Professor Shapiro was great. The readings were quite challenging, which is what I wanted. I especially liked the dialogue nature of the course with the two students. As Professor Shapiro said in one of the "Office Hour" sessions, it makes the content come across much more naturally than just simply lecturing into a camera.
I loved it, and I have the feeling that I learned a lot. I think though that if you are a person who does not enjoy talking about theories and several different authors it might not be for you. Otherwise, I think it would be a really great journey. The topics about The Social Contract, Marxism and Democracy were the ones I enjoyed te most.
It is a very nice course. I am interested in politics and I like the course very much. Although I don't agree with Professor on some topics discussed in the course, I am really thankful to him to give me such an opportunity to broaden my eyesight and bring me a lot of deep thoughts.Really nice course, really worth the time I spend on it.
Very informative course and history. I did learn much about the moral foundations of politics and have more understanding about how these foundations came to be. I did like the interaction between the Sharpiro and the students and the questions and answers they asked and interaction, helped me to understand areas I didn't relate too.
I found this course very interesting and I thought that Dr Shapiro's lectures were very engaging. I feel that my understanding of politics past and present has been deepened. My only criticism might be that the course content goes so deep into different names and details that I would sometimes forget my place in the overall course.
Dr. Shapiro offers a bright clarity and a sobering view of the world, and its conundrums. I'm well into Week 2 so far, but going through the readings, the arrangement and structure of texts, the promise of enlarging our philosophical knowledge, has brought an intensity and energy into this course, and is thrilling to say the least.
Good for people who want to under stand about various theory around human rights since the time we were born. Are we really independent? The only independence with us is our life. We cannot control our birth but death is always in our hand. Explore many theories about human independence, french revolution, marxism, democracy, etc.
A fantastic, thorough and meticulously organised course. Shapiro perfectly covers numerous topics, explains them in sufficient detail and arranges them in a logical order. His dialogues with students are helpful in clarifying potential misunderstandings and incorrect interpretations. The graded exams are extremely easy, though.
EL PROFESOR ES EXTRAORDINARIO, ADMIRACIÓN CONOCE BIEN LOS DISTINTOS PENSADORES DE LA POLÍTICA, A PESAR DE SER UN CURSO, ES UNA HERRAMIENTA IMPORTANTE PARA SABER QUE DEBEMOS COMO PROFESIONALES EN EL AREA CONOCER SOBRE ESTOS FILÓSOFOS PARA TENER UNA MEJOR COMPRESIÓN DE POR QUÉ LOS HECHOS SE SUSCITAN DE UNA MANERA Y NO DE OTRA
a loooot of readings. it's a very reep class, if you have time and desire to read all stuff. Prof. Shapiro is extremely  knowledgeable, however, sometimes he is too polite (and boring as well) =). Don't try to watch it at night. Last several weeks require a lot of focused attention. Finally, my grade is 8.5 out of 10.
This is one of the best MOOC courses I have attained. The interactions between the students and the professor are interesting to follow. The two students have asked a number of questions which I have thought about, while listening to the lectures. I like the fact that the professor commented the students' reflections.
I understood a number of possibly complicated concepts and theories with relative ease with the help of the facilitator's manner of structuring and teaching this course. The constant drawing of parallels between contemporary politics and political theories helped me understand current issues from fresh perspectives.
It was a truly enlightening course, with very interesting analogies to simplify theoretical concepts. It was sprinkled with a few graphs to explain the relation with political-economic ideas. Recollection of problems and examples at various points in the course aided better understanding and long-term retention.
The course was delivered in such an engaging and stimulating way for beginners, especially through the style of delivery which was based on a discussion between Ian Shapiro and 2 students. Have yet to encounter another course on Coursera that will match the vigour and standard set by Ian Shapiro and the team.
The course gives good exposure to (mostly) English language political theories for the beginner level and also points to relevant texts for interested folks to pursue further. The interactive nature of the course (between prof. and two students) is nice and keeps the student engaged in the conversation.
I have taken around 10 courses on Coursera so far. But I found it to be the best of them all. Really appreciate the format of delivery. Participation of the 2 students made the lectures more engaging. I think all online courses should be made this way where you don't feel its one-way affair.
not at all what i expected,  but was AWESOME ,   i now have realized that there is so much i thought i knew about well marx and others was not complete at all and in some ways wrong, I will be continuing my studies of this all on my own, also found out i have a philosophical mind
I really liked the course and felt that Professor Shapiro was very professional and also personal while explaining our coursework. I would recommend this class to anyone looking to learn more in depth politics, as well as some history into how politics came to be as they are now.
I loved this course. It was highly interesting, thorough, and relevant. Prof Shapiro takes abstruse philosophical content and boils it down to the bare bones. Also, the method of including the two students in the lectures made the online process more organic. Highly recommended!
Professor is nuanced and pays attention to all streams. Quizzes are not overly simple and test the understanding. I have immensely benefited from this course as it has provided me introduction to important readings about democracy and philosophies underlying government actions.
very good overall view and the specific information with no to much of talking the argue the fundamentals of theories, in my perspective the only thing was missing was a view of morality of Aristotle and i think Thomas Aquinas is brightest figure to really argue about morality.
This is a mind opening course. Professor Shapiro explains the concepts clearly and simply. I've never taken a philosophy course or knew much about the thinkers talked about in this course, but he did a great job of giving me a primer to the minds that shaped our modern society.
The setup of having a professor and some students is very helpful and really encourages learning. It makes me feel that I am in a real classroom. Professor Shapiro explained all the concepts well, and even a student with no background in political science can understand fully.
I was looking to learn more about international relations, before stumbling into this course. I think this course serves as a good foundation of moral philosophy and political science. I really like the discussion format of the videos as well, instead of just a lecture series.
This course was an enlightening and delightful experience. Professor Shapiro explained the topics superbly and clearly, while the students provided a genuine feel to the course. I would definitely recommend this course to others as it has definitely been a wonderful journey.
Its was excelent learning experience and professor is very knowledgeable and very excellent in teaching.Also whole course desgin is so excellent with course content and interactive learning by involving two students in video.I am very much satisfied and enjoyed lots.Thanks
This course was no doubt a great and full of knowledge course.Teaching method and especially the engaging method of professor Shiparo wad ausome.Before study of this course i had nothing knowledge about world politics especially interm of throries and their application.
A fascinating and well taught course... Would recommend it to my friends. The course has helped in further expanding my sociopolitical horizon and my circle of experiences and references. I was able to discover some missing links that were previously puzzling to me.
This course was as engaging as it was informative. The format of the lectures made them easy to understand, and easy to follow. As I neared the end of the course, it was much like nearing the end of a good book. I was excited to finish, but I didn't want it to end.
This course is so powerful. I have learnt a lot of things to help in my political career as political philosopher.I encourage every citizen to take this course so that we can have a good knowledge on politics and how these politicians behave when they are in power.
Great course. Professor Shapiro's ability to digest philosophical arguments to then synthesize them in easier to comprehend terms is exceptional. I am extremely please with the content and the course dynamics that invites to develop a critical thinking perspective.
What an amazing course: engaging, cohesive, well-structured and impeccably delivered by Professor Shapiro. The format of the course, in which Professor Shapiro interacts with two students, is superb. I learned, loved and highly recommend taking this course. Bravo!
I learned a lot. The course has very much widened my understanding of the subject. The way Sir Ian Shapiro  elaborates is fascinating. I just loved! I'm thankful to Professor Shapiro, Coursera and also  to DLSEI.PK who offered this course for free. A lot of love.
I appreciated that the course included the same lectures as we would have received sitting in a classroom in New Haven.  The course was comprehensive and yet provided detailed information on each philosopher and their systems with contrasting critiques of each.
Great class, with a nice overview of the most important political philosophers of modern times. I especially appreciated the way the class presented the ups and downs of every theory, thus enabling each and every one of the students to form their own opinion.
This course is really important to me because it is the first one I'm taking. So, the choice was just right as it made me literally addicted to Coursera. Thank a lot for this course to Coursera and Yale University! Prof. Shapiro is a great lecturer. Thumbs up
So far this is a fascinating subject. I know nothing about politics and only have undergraduate work and I love this class. Anyone interested in politics, even with the lack of knowledge I had should take this course. Thank you Yale University and Coursera
Professor spiritual manor provokes a high level of awareness of a higher motivation above “interests “ raising a possibility for a student to feel what they think and their actions can make a more understanding , accecpecting, and peaceful community.
A good course has what it takes to form your own criteria. I highlight the methodology of the teacher who always found examples not only useful but striking to be able to explain better to students. A very complete course that meets expectations.
Almost without exception, the best courses of my life have been those that were built by an extremely knowledgeable professor bringing in diverse and original sources of material and organizing them in a unique way. This is one of those courses.
As a non-native speaker, some parts were difficult to understand. However, the instructor cited a number of examples and an easier language to explain terms that I had never heard of. The quality and quantity of this course were so satisfying.
Professor Ian is one of the best, he has explained the complex topics like utilitarianism, communitarianism, social contract, marxism, thinkers of anti-enlightenment and American revolution era like Edmund Burke is the simplest way possible.
This has been one of the most engaging courses I've taken. The material was presented relatively objectively which is quite difficult for this type of topic but Professor Shapiro discussed everything without imposing his views on students.
This is the course that helped me realise what it is that I am actually interested in, A brilliant overview of some of the most relevant discussions in the field. I did it during a busy time in high school but enjoyed every minute of it.
The course is excellent! Particularly I had a little frustration because in some classes I thought they focused a lot on the Philosophy of Law and I didn't enjoy it so much, despite that the course is excellent. Thank you Prof, Shapiro
As someone without much initial interest/knowledge of politics, this course provided an excellent foundation for understanding the moral basis and arguments surrounding political theories. Overall a very engaging and organized course.
Fantastic, challenged a lot of my ideological foundations. Highly recommended to anyone who is seeking to test their political and moral perspectives and learn a bit more about the historical battleground of ideas that produced them.
Professor Shapiro provided a very comprehensive review of the past and current political regimes. This was a very thought-provoking course that allowed me to gain a better understanding of the current political scene. Thank you!
The course gives an excellent insight into the topic of a legitimate government.The examples which are discussed before every theory provide thought provoking dialogue and knowledge thus its equally entertaining and intriguing.
This course introduces you to the variety of philosophies and political ideologies. It has left me with a much better understanding of political arguments as well as the ability to analyze better interrupt many current issues.
An excelent introduction to the main aspects of the most important political ideological traditions in our modern history. It is indeed an essential course most people interested or actually involved in politics should take.
I loved this course. It was the right amount of challenge and allowed me to learn things that I had never thought of before. Shapiro has a way of holding your attention which is really good as there was never a dull moment.
Love this course. Getting through the first couple lectures gets you hooked on the sharp insights of Prof. Shapiro and takes you though the intricacies of politics, economics and justice. Very interesting. Very stimulating.
I really
liked it, I really appreciated being able to read authors again from different
points of view and refresh the different perspectives of contemporary aspects
within life and politics. Very
thankful Sincerily, Juan
Superbly taught and enlightening course - this material seems to include a lot of the foundations of today's public discourse. The small seminar and occasionally Socratic method by a master teacher is highly effective.
I loved the content and the dynamics of this course. It was the first course that I engaged and finished here on Coursera, and I feel that it is contributing a lot to improve my point of view of the world. Thank you!
It is an excellent course, the teacher knows very well how to present the subject, I try to be objective, the careful way in which he chose the students is wonderful, courses like this open up the panorama for you.
thank you for this course İt was really so enlightening to compare the period of political thought on public policy . I really appriciated Shapiro's guide for understanding with the examples of everyday life.
Great course.  Professor Shapiro is very friendly and clear, and this facilitates the compreension and the adhesion to the course.  That's a person I'd like to be a friend and student.  Thank you very much.
A great person, who always there for his students and very easy to understand. I love him and I have no word to explain his intellectual. I look forward to meeting him in the future! Thanks for everything.
Really good. Prof. Shapiro, thanks a lot for a very clear communication, very good structure and perfect lessions. I can really recommend this way of online courses and I´m very happy with having taken it.
Exceptional. The Porfesor a little brother, explains in a slow and understandable way, great capacity to reach others. Many thanks to Yeil University, for the opportunity and thanks to the professor. A 10
Thank your for this course! Actually, it is one of the best and constructive online courses in the world! I am so interested in international relations and world politics so I knew a lot of information.
Absolutely loved the course design, structure and content! Prof. Shapiro's lectures were always engaging and enjoyable. The readings were also perfectly chosen and added great value to the course.
Extremely insightful, interesting and engaging, coming from a person that has shallow knowledge of the world of politics. well paced and easy to follow with well-structured quizzes for each week.
This is an extremely interesting and engaging course. The lectures delivered by Prof. Ian Shapiro were articulate and lucid. Looking forward to a more advanced version of this course in coursera.
Wonderful course. All political developments are taught in a chronological way. Professor is very engaging. Its not live any other course but more of a discussion between students and professor.
I learned way more than I'd imagined, and puts a broader perspective on today's political climate by learning about past theories, its values, its failures, and what we can take away from it.
I feel much smarter having taken this course. Kudos to Professor Shapiro for providing a detailed snapshot on where we, as the human race, are currently at with regards to political theory.
A fantastic course as Professor Shapiro really analyzes his point clearly and it is a really enriching course for anybody with an interest in learning about the dynamical world of politics.
Probably an introduction to Political Philosophy, more than to the moral foundations of politics (which is addressed in just a couple of lectures). Great course, though, highly recommended!
One of the most thought provoking and important course any student could take.  It is fundamental to almost all humanities and (especially) law.  I give the highest possible recommendation.
Hands down one of the best courses one can spend their time on. I have absolutely no regret studying this course because of how thoroughly engaging, deeply insightful and inspiring it was.
It was by far the most insightful journey I have ever had in Political Science. I can't thank enough all the people who were involved in putting the course up here for us to grow. Cheers!
Excellent course, a great opportunity to learn about the main political theories and to reflect upon current political systems and practices in regards to their legitimacy. I recommend it
This is such an interesting and useful course! It presents many possible paths to explore political philosophy and increase knowledge in the field. I am glad I had the chance to take it.
Absolutely brilliant course and Prof. Shapiro really helps me understand important aspects of politics, morality and influential ideologies from first principles. Thanks from Australia!
The course offers a very significant view of the foundations of politics since early enlightenment. Precious knowledge. Thanks to the teacher Ian Shapiro and all that made it possible.
Excellent Course. Really enjoyed this and learnt a lot. Put a lot of areas I have read about in context for me and linked them together. Would really enjoy other MOOCs by Prof. Shapiro
I would like to give thanks to Prof. Shapiro sir for designing such an excellent course. It will be a good lesson while learning about the politics.Warm regards,Dhananjay kumar Tiwari
This Course is very useful for Political Science students as it gives overview of the contemporary politics,deep thinking of different traditions and what makes government legitimate.
Extremely insightful course. I like the modules about Rawls and Nozick. The last module about democracy  a bit of hasty. I hope the Professor will make another course about democracy.
Awesome course! If you want to know more about the ethical and political theories that underlie politics, this is the course for you. I can't say enough good things about this course.
It's been highly educational, more so because I'm a history student. Studying these traditions provided a philosophical and theoretical backbone to a lot of my education in history.
It is an excellent
course. I personally recommend it for those who want to get an essential view
on the topic. An interactive course, which for me is indispensable when e-learning.
Professor Shapiro is the teacher you've always dreamed of, that is capable to make every concept understandable and makes you to want keep studyng to understand better the world.
Great course, some weeks are loaded with lots of material so can be hard to keep proper track.Prof. Shapiro 's lectures are clear and easy to understand.I recommend this course.
One of the most important and interesting courses I have ever had. Very structured and entertaining for those who want to know more about politics. Thank you for a great course
I loved the course and I am very satisfied because I understood the perspectives of theoretical thinkers and their evolution in the moral of politics until today. Thank you!!!!
The readings and lectures were so informative and the professor is able to explain difficult concepts in such simple terms that it made the course very digestible. Thank you!
It is a pleasure to see the way Prof. Shapiro connect the different ideas in this course. And the best part is you can apply these ideas to understand the world around you.
This course was extraordinary well presented. It dealt with important theories and political philosophers and helped me a lot in deepening my overall understanding of them.
Truly an honor to be taught by professor Shapiro, who, with a very precise methodology, was able to pass through major political theories of modern era. Highly recommended!
Professor Shapiro posed some very challenging questions during his lectures. He knows his material extremely well. I liked the course structure and learned a great deal.
THIS COURSE GAVE ME A LOT OF ENLIGHTMENT ON THE MORAL ASPECT OF POLITICS.    I DEEPLY APPRECIATE THE RANGE OF ARGUMENTS FOR AND AGAINST IDEAS IN THIS COURSE.THANK YOU.
Great course! For all people interested in the intersection of economics, politics and philosophy, enjoy Prof. Shapiro's impressive knowledge and clearity of thought.
I just started this class.  It is absolutely excellent!  Thank you, all, for making this class available.  Above all, thank you, professor Shapiro.  Excellent course!
The vision of Enlightenment  that Professor Shapiro offers is interesting to understand why Democracy comes in waves and the dynamics between Capitalism and Socialism
i may be unclear about the entire course but the content i came to know is awesome and it gives me some enlightnment sir in this dark society in india.THANK YOU SIR
This course is a wonderful opportunity to learn about current topics. Professor Saphiro is a very wise and clear teacher. The methodology of the class was exciting.
An excellent course. The lecturer was engaging, the course was well-paced and well-structured. Excellent readings, and useful revision quizzes. Highly recommended.
Love the interview style format. Never felt rushed, but never felt redundant. Perfect pacing and gained many new insights and a respect for the political process.
I learned a lot from this course - I am still discussing points raised within it. May return to do it again for a certificate as soon as I am financially able.
Thoroughly enjoyable.  Easy to follow.  I especially liked the question and answer sessions with the two students. Thanks Dr. Shapiro, for an excellent course.
Excellent course. Provides a good understanding of different enlightenment and post-enlightenment philosophy including the foundations of democratic thinking.
Great explanations and constant reviewing of past theory, which facilitates the comprehension of the evolution of the different political philosophy systems.
Engaging professor, who taught what could be seen as complex concepts in a digestible way.  Very much enjoyed the course, and hoping that there will be more!
Enjoyed course from day one to last quiz!!! Highly recommend taking this course to anybody interested in politics. It was extremely interesting and valuable.
A real eye opener on the basics of political theories and the fundamentals of their real life applications. Engaging Q&A sessions and a top shelf lecturer.
A very good course, with an excellent presentation by Professor Shapiro, in a suitable and current theme. I was very accomplished in having it completed.
great course..it refreshed me a lot of knowledge i've gathered during my master degree on international relations.. professor Shapiro is simply amazing
A must learn! Prof. Shapiro really explained the materials comprehensively in an organized way with examples. Interesting and thought-provoking topics!
great course. It opened my mind and interests about politic theories and democracy. Great professor too, I don´t have any doubt left about the lessons.
Interesting and exciting course that challenge points of view and explores major theorists of morality politics and economics over the past centuries.
This is a thinking man/woman course.  Extremely interesting and enlightening.  Professor Shapiro explains everything very concisely.  I learned a lot!
I feel in love with the history and the culture politics have. I wasn't sure if I would like these amazing topics but they turned to be interesting.
It well structured that you can understand the basic thoughts of political arguments and thoughts even you have not learnt about this topic before.
Awesome. Great instructor, and the intimate setting of the instructor and the two students makes me feel like I'm learning with them by their side
Very interisting course to understand the roadmap of politics. This course can be taken by any person, even if you are not interested in politics.
I have studied dozens of courses from engineering and physical sciences to  economics and finance. This was one of the most interesting and insig
Excellent course provided by Yale University. It helped me to better understand the foundations of our modern society. I definitely recommend it.
This program frankly is great. It will allow me to understand how moral foundation of Politics works and will strengthen my politics knowledge.
has lots of interesting views and argument.  He provided discussion and examples to demonstrate the intangible theory to be easily understood.
I think this Course is amazing, I have learnt so much and the Professor was very clear and interactive during the classes. very enjoyable.
I didn't really know what to expect, but this course has been very interesting and ideal for anyone considering studying PPE at university
It was an enjoyable learning experience. I have embraced new concepts and ideas which I can utilize to explain issues in politics better.
What a wonderful teacher, and also  a great performance from the students.  Office Hours is one of the several highlights of this course.
This course is both rewarding and a bit challenging. Strongly recommended for anyone interested in political issues and moral philosophy.
A passionate presentation of the moral foundations of politics. Highly enjoyable and remarkably well presented by the professor Shapiro.
This course made me understand the general political philosophies better. Prof. Shapiro explained all of the course's topics very well.
The Professor, course content and course structure are all absolutely brilliant. I would highly recommend this to everyone out there!
Great course, lively presentation, interesting ideas and one afterthought of mine: " Existential knowledge cannot be monopolised ".
It is a wonderful course and the professor is excellent.I really learn too much and I hope to take another course about this topic
A very systematic and comprehensive course. Thank you for the new insights into the moral underpinnings of contemporary politics.
Outstanding and very informative course, touching fundamental questions that every politician or research should ask. Well done!
I enjoyed this course. The information was presented in an interesting way, and the student dialogues reinforced the knowledge.
The moral foundations in politics are true guidance to understanding the political approach in this dispensation of modernity.
Since i finished philosophy studies and continue economics, this is a big insight of the development of liberal thought. Great
Easy to follow. The tests at the end of each section are based on actual content. You can take your time. Really good course.
120/5000
It´s an excellent course, really very complete and interesting. It provides the necessary knowledge in a short time.
The introduction was great! His pronunciation and method of teaching is matchless. I hope to learn a lot in the coming weeks
This course is very interesting, and complete. I highly recommend it to everyone and I am grateful it was available online.
Thank you so much.  It helps to better understand and approach this subject in greater depth with more inclusive thinking.
Fantastic course. I felt I needed some basic introduction to political thinking, and this course is exactly what I needed.
Great course taught in a solid and easily accessible fashion.  Just the right balance of theory and practical application.
Great! I'd cherish this experience for my whole life and apply the viewpoints of it to analyze current political problems
Ian Shapiro is an amazing teacher. Abundance of knowledge and discoveries that make us reflect and review our concepts.
It is an amazing course that provides you an understanding on the different political traditions and how are they used.
great starting point if you are looking for an introductory course to politics from a western (mostly USA) perspective
It's a great course. You'll wish that you could take a course from Shapiro on anyone of these traditions to go deeper.
This course was incredibly engaging and managed to effectively convey the content in a unique, conversational format.
The lectures are easy to follow!! Definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to start learning politics :)
Ian Shapiro is very detailed in his lecturing of political theory. However the ebook in ?Cengage?  link is expensive
I strongly appreciate a clarity of the lectures. The course was prepared honestly and in an elegant way. Thank you!
Very concise course in history of political philosophy. Cover a wide area and provocative questions for beginner.
Excelent Course. It introduces the mainly concepts in each tradition and give more deep discussions in each topic
excellent course, very high educational value and insight. Would definitly recommend it to others-Martijn Spruijt
Great course! I would recommend to those who appreciate learning more about the philosophical basis of politics.
Fascinating and clear exposition of some of the deepest roots of the questions of morality inherent in politics.
Great course, I m sad it has finished. It helped me in a fun and easy way to understand basic politic concepts
Great course and teacher! The format is really cool for the topic. Hope there will be some kind of "part 2".
I learned a lot in this course, was my favorite actually. The lecture makes things, everything was perfect
Wonderful class that helped to clarify the different political theories for me. I would highly recommend t
Great and challenging course.  Will provide you an introduction to the tools to analyze political systems.
Very interesting course !! helped me a lot to know more about Politics !!! Thank you Professor Saphiro !!!
An excellent course with a perfectly sequence of ideas, the explaining of the professor is just suitable.
Ian Shapiro is a true master of the subject. The format of this course sets a high standard for Coursera.
Totally loved the course. Thank you for this amazing 8 weeks. So grateful to have completed this course.
In addition to being instructive, the course was more effective with the materials it shared. Thank you
Amazing path that collects elements from different traditions and joining them to a wonderful final !!!
This course was detailed without being draggy and was easy to follow even for a politics noob like me.
the clarity with which the teacher explains the topics makes the course engaging and very interesting!
Lessons are very objective, while explanations are made clear by useful and easy to remember examples.
I learnt soooo many things The course was sooo interesting and less boring made me want to learn more
It was a course where I got new information. The course was helped to me for my educational in Turkey
This course was the most challenging and rewarding course that I have taken on the Coursera platform!
Even being a graduate student in political science, this course has been so engaging and insightful.
Really great course to get a better understanding of political/social/economical theories/doctrines.
Loved it, very interesting and it really gets you to think about society, past, present and future.
Amazing course. The lectures were so engaging and helped make connections with contemporary events.
Wonderfully structures course, questions pose critical thinking that applies outside of coursework.
A great introduction to key political theories delivered in a relaxed and easy to follow manner.
Every country should found it politic on morality of its people in order to get a general will.
Excelent course. Clear questions and good didactic background. Good organanization of thoughts.
The course is useful for beginners to clear doubts about the rudiments of political structure.
I am utterly enjoying the content of this course. The best produced course in Coursera by far.
Wonderful; would have been a great to interact with Professor Shapiro, impossible as that is.
Interesting class, the professor is amazing as he gave many thoughtful ideas to think about.
I very much enjoyed this course. It gave me a fresh look at our current political situation.
Comprehensive course encompassing multiple facets of historical and international relevance.
Thanks Professor Shapiro, This World could be better if people read you. thank you so much.
Very challenging particularly as the modules unfold but the lectures and readings are good.
A great course which made me capable of a deeper understanding about political philosophy.
This topic is overwhelmingly interested, and the professor also makes everything so clear.
It was really informative and has expanded my horizons of thinking. I am really thankful!
Very fruitful course for those who want to know about the role of philosophy in politics.
Excellente course, it helped me to refresh and gain new knowledge about the enlightenment
Helpful grounding in politics and philosophy, especially relevant in these chaotic times.
The Professor is absolutely magnificent. I am enjoying every minute of these discussions.
Has really helped me put names to some of the great ideas of politics -- and vice versa.
An amazing course, with thorough, well-explained concepts! I couldn't recommend it more!
The format of the video really facilitates engagement rather than just passive learning
Very interesting and engaging course.  The modules were well constructed and organised.
Enlightening course - this course allows me to appreciate the different value systems.
Sensational! Good for beginners and those already studying political science. Thanks!
This is a very good course, I truly recommend it. Professor Shapiro is a great tutor.
Deals with important Political ThinkingPeople first policies are critically analysed
It is a great course! I was able to understand very clearly more about the politics!
The best course I've ever taken. I highly recommend it! Thanks to Professor Shapiro.
It is awesome course for beginners to get a clear general idea of political science!
Clearly brings out what you have often known intuitively if you are into politiscs.
Excellent teaching and content, and the first course I ever took with a NY mobster
Very educative ,informative ,it helps one to undestand the foundations of politics
Exceptionally clear presentation of concepts. Well paced with relatable examples.
Dear Professor Shapiro and Yale Universitythank you so much for the opportunity.
My highest appreciation to this course of Professor Shapiro.From a PhD candidate
one of the most compelling courses about politics that you can ever find online.
Wonderfull course, with a brilliant teacher. I acquired so much more knowledge.
Great Course! I loved the interactions between the students and the professor!
Very informative and useful for students whose major is international studies.
It was a very interesting course.I've learned a lot in a short period of time.
Great course- interesting subjects, well explained and engaging language used.
Very engaging and to-the-point approach to philosophy, economics and politics!
Great course! I`ve been learning a lot from it. Many thanks Professor Shapiro.
It was a great. Thanks for the knowledge that I have acquired in this course.
Excellent Course , Phenomenal exposure to Contemporary Debates and theories !
Absolutely love this course. The best course so far I have done in coursera.
Great. I had read the book before, twice. And I really recommend the course.
Very Good! The course have given me a new angle of view to my country China.
Opened a new field of knowledge for me. Thank you for your time and efforts.
Fantastic educational introduction into politics and the thought behind it.
This course has been a great development in my law and human rights carreer
Brilliant course, I pretty much enjoyed of everything! Thank you very much!
It was amazing participate this course. It has been an incredible journey.
Very informative. Provides enough useful knowledge about modern politics.
Great course, incredible experience and amazing teaching by Ian Shapiro.
I have learned a lot from this course! Thank you so much Professor Ian.
excellent course, lived up to expectations. Let's hope for new courses.
Hope i could have a direct discussion with you in the future professor
A great course, comprehensive and easy to grasp. Kudos to Prof Shapiro
Very good course with a lot of good lectures and a comprehensive view.
This helps immensely with my ongoing struggle to understand our world.
This course is very useful for every person's future. And Thank you..
A fantastic, engaging and thoroughly illuminating course. Thank you!
An amazing course for those without a background in social sciences.
This course  is very intresting and I learnt a lot.. through this..
Loved this course.  A great introduction to philosophy of politics.
An excellent course even for those who do not know abc of politics
Shapiro is a passionate and engaging  teacher. I highly recommend.
so awesome class!!!!! I like this class, Even I can't well english
This course is a jewel, a precious stone of political philosophy!
Excellent. One of the best courses in political theory I've taken
I loved this course! I learned so much and am so glad I took it.
it was an  amazing experience here , learned very much from here
It is the best. I gained a better understanding of the subject.
It was a very informative course. really loved doing it. Thanks
I enjoy every part of it. The lectures are very comprehensible.
Thanks for the amazing professor that made me understand deeply
I've thoroughly enjoyed the discourse and lectures presented!
It was really informative and the lectures were very engaging
Clear and well-organized. Perfect for the introduction level!
Did the course in one week and it made me want to learn more!
The best online course I attended, since I came across MOOCs.
its  a beginning in real sense  for me. i enjoyed to learn.
Very interesting, clearly presented, a definite eye opener.
Good Course. Acquired new insights about the philosophies.
This course give me lot of new knowledge towards politics.
An excellent course which enthralled me to say the least .
Amazing class, enjoyed it a lot. I'd like to go further  !
Really enjoyed this course, Ian Shapiro was very engaging
Very intersting. Very comprehensive. Very good professor.
Excellent. Very interesting. Well structured. I loved it.
What a mind Dr. Schapiro has. Incredible course. Take it!
Really excellent. Thank you for outstanding lectures :-)
Very insightful to something i never thought of before.
Very interesting and useful course. Thank you Coursera
amazing professor and rich course ..thank you so much
An incredibly interesting and very accessible course!
The course is truly thorough exploration of the topic
Excellent course. A renovated vision of Enlightment.
Wonderful class! Thank you, I thoroughly enjoyed it.
It is one of the best courses. I have learned a lot.
Great course, strongly recommend to you guys to take
Engaging, insightful, and definitely worth the time
This was a very interesting deep course. Thank you!
We will know foundations of morailty in high level
Excellent course, topical, interesting and useful.
Great course. Challenges a person to think harder!
Great course and good explanations. Learned a lot!
wonderful course, Prof. Ian Shapiro is excellent.
High-quality contents, amazing Professor, perfect
Perfect course with a lot of practical knoweledge
It was a pleasure listening to Prof. Ias Shapiro
I love the topic so much! And it is very useful.
To the point and learned the core fundamentals.
Great class, GREAT GREAT GREAT Professor!!!!!!!
Really nice course - interesting and well made!
Fantastic. Extremely engaging and educational.
Really, really interesting course. Great work!
This course helped me to enhance my knowledge!
Stunning course. Just really worth your time.
Great course on rights of government to rule.
It was such an interesting course! Thank you!
Concise, incisive, structured and well-paced.
Interesting course of foundation of politics
A very nice and beautiful course   thank you
Thanks for a great course and course format.
Amazing course, would definitely recommend!
A perfect tool for satisfy your curiosity!
Very good course. My son is taking it now.
Brilliant course! Thank you Prof. Shapiro!
Thanks a lot for this enlightening course!
very interesting and an interactive course
One of the best courses I registered to :)
Excellent course, definitely recommended.
Powerful and brilliantly led and thought!
Thank you this was an awesome experience.
One of the best courses in this plataform
interesting topics with great  instructor
Great breadth of detail. I learned a lot.
i adored this course, thank you for all!
Amazing course and an amazing professor!
One of the best MOOCs I've ever had. :-)
thank you coursera and yale university!
The best ever course on political ideas
A very nice course. Highly recommended.
The course has been really informative.
This course was very useful for me ..
Great course for political aspirants.
Great Course Thanks Proffesor Shapiro
great course the professor is amazing
A highly engaging, worthwhile course.
Thank you. That is all I have to say.
Great Course Thanks for the Education
very thoughtful and informative class
so much info made easy to understand
Great,useful,wonderful course/Thanks
The most Interesting Course for me!
Great lectures and engaging format.
very clear and coherent explanation
Very Informative and Very Inspring!
Comprehensive and Illuminating !!!
An inspiring and informing course.
Very insightful, deep, fascinating
an impressively systematic course
so much helpful moral foundations
loved the course! I learned a lot
very well-designed and conducted.
THE COURSE IS A VERY HELPFUL ONE
Briljant course in every aspect!
Amazing professor, great course.
Its been incredibly interesting!
Great and acknowledging course!
perfect lectures of Politics ^^
Greaat Content! Great teacher.
Excellent introductory course.
It was awesome learning here.
Great course!! I learn a lot.
Comprehensible and friendly.
i give this five out of five
Thank you Professor Shapiro.
Highly recommend, thank you!
Great course about politics.
Very special and spetacular!
A great course for everyone.
great learning opportunity.
Clear and thought-provoking
Materials were interesting
It was great! learnt a lot
It was a wonderful course.
I love this course so much
A great beginner's course.
This course is a must try.
An absolutely great class.
A very interesting focus!
The format is fantastic.
Great dialogue to learn.
It's very well organized
Very interesting course
Is a very good course.
Highly recommended!!!
It was very enriching
Excellent proffesor!
That is an excellent
I have learnt it ..
very good lecture
Shapiro is GREAT
amazing teacher
cool instructor
It's very good
content awsome
Good to know.
So interested
Brilliance.
perfect the
Great ideas
Just great.
THANK  YOU
Thank you.
