Pretty dry, but I was able to pass with just two complete watches so I'm happy about that.  As usual there were some questions on the final exam that were NO WHERE in the course, which is annoying but far better than many microsoft tests I have taken.  Never found the suplimental material that the course references... but who cares... i passed!
would be a better experience if the video and screen shots would sho on the side of the text that the instructor is going thru so that user does not have to go all the way to beginning of text to be able to view any slides instructor is showing.
Information was perfect! The program itself was a little annoying. I had to wait 30 to 45 minutes after watching the videos to to take the quiz. Other than that the information was perfect and passed the test with no issues!
A few grammatical mistakes on test made me do a double take but all in all not bad.
Excellent course and the training provided was very detailed and easy to follow.
Some of the quizzes contained material not explicitly covered in the course.
Solid presentation all the way through. I really appreciated the intermittent questions that popped up to check on learning as well the regular (but not needless) quizzing. There was visuals such as charts / .ppt for those of us more visually inclined as well as a transcript below the video that followed along with the presentation!
Probably the best certification course I've taken in this respect. The course is planned out carefully, and I believe gave me everything I needed to ace my exam the first time around. The trainer for the majority of the course was awesome. She delivered the material in a great, professional mannor, but was never boring or monotoned.
The ProctorU.com system took 2 times the amount of time spent on this course over 3 days to complete.  It is the worse production user system I have used in 20+ years of my IT career.    You should switch to another vendor.
Covered all of the required information in an easy to understand way and WITH VIDEO! Great, easy way to learn. The exam process was a bit drawn out and more extensive then it needed to be, but over all a great experience
Great course, lectures were straight forward and easy to follow along.  The course provided all the information necessary to pass the CPI examination for certification.
The course was straight forward and prepared me for the CPI exam. The course provided everything I needed to pass the exam. Thanks Google... thanks Coursera.
Pretty well designed course. Few things on the test werent covered, but if you read the provided resources you should be fine.
Great course, i have feedback about one question and learning item id like to give feedback on. related to OMNI antennas
The course was fine but I never received an email to download mt certificate, I have the password. Please contact me.
Well presented course material that takes you step by step through the required learning.
Course is easy enough if you have a basic background of installing wireless equipment.
The instructions were clear and concise. I enjoyed the learning process.
Easy to follow. Did a good job at teaching me the material.
Excellent Training, More than enough to pass the test.
very helpful informative course to get CPI certificate
Material covered well, and easy to use application.
Was able to knock it out in a day very good info.
easy to follow along with and understand
online learning was great
Very well explained.
Great course.
Great course
Great course
Great Job!
