I didn't like the course. It gives you a really vague and generical overview of environmental managment, with little to no structure in the lessons / course approach. Some teachers talk about highly specific and theoretical things, fast and brief, others talk about vague approaches, most of them without making any clear points. Some don't even seem to know what they're there for, as if they didn't have time to prepare a lesson; it seems like they were approached in the middle of the campus and asked a few questions (that don't seem prepared either). Just three or four teachers taught something as a well structured overview class. It is extremely focused on water and waste management: what about energy, soil, landuse, forestry, agriculture, urban planning, policies...? It feels more like a series of video-overviews of the studies / teachers / research branches that are going on at DTU, which is fine, but I wouldn't call it a course at all.
It was more of a propaganda. Many things dealt here was something that we learned in our school days. The content displayed in the screens sometime have a real good value, but nothing was taught out of it. It is just a mere glance to show how the institute worked across the world.
As the course was developed before 2015, most of the material is pre-SDG. It would have better if the contents were updated in context to the SDG
THE COURSE LACKS SUBSTANCE AND THE QUALITY OF A DANISH CENTER FOR HIGHER EDUCATION
The course content itself is quite good. A little heavy on the (urban) water & waste management topic, but its content is interesting and provided me with new knowledge. There appears to be little to no interaction from DTU on the forum however, which means in case of questions or issues there is no way to engage them, a definite missed opportunity to make this course better for students.
Good Course. But the case studies largely limited to or focus on Denmark issues only. Recommend to expand the scope to cover the issues globally. Highly recommended to understand the approach and fundamentals of urban and rural environmental management practices
The course is very rudimentary. It will do well for beginners, but it is very basic for people with sciences or engineering background. Please explore development of individual areas (sanitation, waste water management, solid waste management, etc.) as separate courses.
The course is okay but I was expecting more though. A more structured lessons/lesson notes would have been better instead of some lectures like an interview session. But in all, it added to my knowledge and skills. So my rating is what it is. Thank yoy
The course is informative, and I learned some new things about environmental management. I think it may be helpful for me in the future to build my own environmental business. However in my opinion the course might be more productive than this.
The course has a very good level of information, but is almost completely lacking in pedagogical design. It does not follow an organized structure and assignments have a high value despite being reviewed by other colleagues.
It's is a challenging opportunity but in most cases is just scratching the surface of very complicated and deep topics. It's a valid introduction but has to be considered as such
Good course, well structured.However, I would prefer even more homework questions and more specific questions to evaluate the essays.
Very interesting. A mix of technical and managerial skills. However, due to its content, it's a bit out of date
Poor audio video quality and in some speaker the lecture's content also
Helped me learn about the management practices that are being adopted for the environment and resources. They have touched well on the issues of water/waste water management and solid waste management, including the current challenges being faced with regards to them, covering in detail the practices in Denmark, Greenland, Africa, India, Bangladesh and a few others. Added quite a lot to my knowledge. A must course for beginners to the field of environmental management.
A great insight into rural and urban management which could be greatly improved with more challenging (longer) assignments. Great video material and instructors, but I would have enjoyed writing and peer assessing more in-depth articles as opposed to condensing as much information as possible into a simple 200-400 words.
I think it is fantastic that courses like these are now available to the general public. And that the dialogue we are having with regards to managing the environment has reached a very multi disciplinary level, even in the course this is perfectly reflected: incorporating urban planning, projects in the developping world, eurpean countries and cities on different levels e.g. Denmark and Greenland and adressing various fields such as solid waste management and wastewater management. I do have to say, herein also lies my critique of the course. It presents itself in my opinion as a holistic picture: this is "global env. management" showing all these aspects but in reality it is more a type of mix of aspects. During the course you don't really notice this is the case, and this is also my main point of improvement. The course lacks overview and structure, connecting parts. This wouldn't require much, but some small videos or even text in which things are put into context. e.g. env management is both natural environment and built environment and you have so many aspects in both. In addition to this higher overview, we need to be explained the relation between the different topics that are presented. Aside from this aspect which is very, very, very common in any course so don't sweat it, I enjoyed the in depth information on things such as urban planning, demographics and waste management. Thank you very much and good luck improving the course in future years.
I learned a lot in this course! Especially because of the quizzes at the end of each lecture. You will need to keep detailed notes to pass these questions as they are very specific. I did find it difficult to follow the lectures of some instructors. At times, their accent and grammar were difficult to understand. As a native English speaker, I can only imagine the difficulty if English is your second language! The other thing I would mention is that this course is "Global" environmental management and the majority of examples were from Denmark (especially Copenhagen) and Europe. I understand that this was often where the professors knew the systems best, but it would've been great to have guest lecturers from Canada, USA, Australia, Japan, etc. to round out the information.
Great course overall, very clear with regards to global trends and the complexity of sustainability issues and analysis. Nice case studies and peer review exercises, very pragmatic approach mainly oriented to infrastructure and technical solutions for big projects with regards to water, waste, energy and there is an excellent chapter on soil management. There are some examples of integrative community participation. I would have liked to have more lectures like on biodiversity/ecosystems, and how our technical solutions affect the natural environment for example. There is also the inclusion of the types of tools used for decision making and policy at regional scale.
Great course, learned a lot about nations abroad and how they approach sustainability differently depending on their local environments. I also enjoyed learning about the Scandinavian approaches to this topic. I did find peer reviewing to be a little frustrating as different people seem to have opinions about different topics and writing styles and grade accordingly. I know that a single professor is unable to grade each and every paper, but I found the grading to be rather random and dependent on which individual ends up grading your paper. I am not sure if this is common across all Coursera courses.
Asslamualikum.  First of all I would thank coursera for giving me to chance this course.                             I have finished Global Environmental management course on time. And I have enjoyed much all lessons. From this course I have achieved enormous knowledge relevant Environmental Management. As I am Bangladeshi , now I can compare with my countries environment and others   countries Environment. This course really effective for any Environmental students. I hope this knowledge can help me for my career as a Environmental student.
As an environmental professional in the US, I enjoyed the global perspective of this course. I don't know if I'll be able to apply much of the material in my own work but I definitely learned a lot of interesting tidbits about Denmark, Greenland, and developing countries. I'd recommend to anyone if they'd like to broaden their idea of environmental management beyond the area they live in.
I am happy for that i get golden opportunity to learn more about Global Environment Management.i also learn more about the situation about denmark and their challanges towards environment and also came to know the overcome of the challanges. Hope to get more chance related to this course. Thank you to the Technical university of Denmark and coursera for this golden opportunity to learn.
This course has allowed to gain an excellent surface-level insight into Environmental Management, for which I am very grateful. The reason I was unable to score the course with the 5-star full marks is because most (if not all) the material originate from the year 2015, leaving me unsure as to the present status of information.Thank you very much for this course :)
This course gave a broad and yet very insightful introduction into the myriad factors affecting water management, air pollution and urban planning projects (with a focus on creating more green spaces). Enjoyable and overall well weighted. There was however a very large focus on water management which may or may not be to people's liking. Thoroughly recommended.
I like this course a lot as it gives a bird view on global sustainable development. Especially the differences between different regions are expressed clearly. The personal touch by using video presentations in different surroundings is nice, but I missed interactivity with teachers and/or participants.
I really liked this course. As an Environmental Science Bachelor, I knew a lot of what it taught (though a lot of information on specific places, as well as some other things were totally new). I think it's well synthesized and there's a lot of knowledge in there!
Assessment procedure of the assignment can be modified. It is found that few of students  are not serious regarding giving marks. Less weightage can be given to students reviewing assignments (40%).Teaching Assistant (20%) and Prof can review assignment (40%).
It is a great course if you want to learn about environmental technologies and how they work in different places around the world. The experience from several professors of the DTU is condensed in easy to follow and understand videos.
The course is good but the thing is, it mostly focuses on the policies which had taken by the Denmark government. It would have even better if this course had also taken many examples of various cases from various parts of the world
It was pretty good. Unfortunately, I am in USA and some of the material was a little hard to understand. But it provided new insight into the other side of the world and how they deal with environmental issues which was awesome.
It is a wonderful course for those who are just entering the Environmental Management field. It gives you a good intro to the most relevant topics, so, I do recommend it for those who are interested in learning new topics.
I gained a lot of insight and a lot of knowledge. The course was well set-out and made clear points. I learned about development of resources, the state of resources and management of resources. I enjoyed the course
Overall the course was very good but I just found some links to be missing. But the case studies and the experts were very knowledgeable to learn from. I would recommend it my colleagues in the environmental field.
Sir I need correction on my certificate. My Full name is Usman Tahir Rasheed, but in certificated my name written is Usman Tahir Rasheed Tahir Rasheed. kindly re issue me certificate with corrected name.
This course is an interesting one, It gave me a global perspective of the environmental challenges faced in other region of the world. This is the first course i will complete on coursera.
Was an adventurous journey with global environment  ..  Skills gaining opportunity of real world situation...  It will contribute a remarkable way on my professional journey...
The course is generic but well covered. It would have been better if there is a better structure in the content shared by many professors who are asked to teach the subject.
The course was really interesting and enriching  but It only missing the practice as an engineer, I am use for more practice less theory. Thank you again for the course!!!
excellent course, I learned a lot of things about a management of the natural resources, solid waste and differents forms to deal with the climate change around the world
To Understand sustainable environment these course is very much helpful and fruitful for to knowing various environmental issues in the world perspectives.
In general it was a great experience. It helps to have the opportunity to learn from professionals from other cultures and countries in the topics seen.
Brilliant course on Environment.  Word of caution, Be patient and Do'not jump or leave sections to get the certificate only.  Well explained videos.
The course provides an holistic view of how various environmental technology strategies are carried out in countries across the globe.
This course gave me a new prospective about what's going on in environmental management around the world and in Scandinavian countries
I just fell in love with the course from the first experience I had. Hoping to eventually rate it has 5 star
It was a great course, it helped me to enhance my knowledge about environmental problems and its management
Good course to learn about how to deal and manage the issues related to environment globally.
Interesting course exploring multiple aspects of environmental management around the world.
The issue of environmental crisis is comprehensively portrayed along with its solutions.
A very thought provoking course which has taught me a lot from environmental perspective
insightful courses for a rookie to understand the logics on the environmental management
A great introduction to the key drivers in global environmental management practices.
It was a good change to resest my mind set on a broader view of enviro management
Excellent course gives an overview on all aspects for environment management.
A good course if one wants to learn about the importance of water management
The course was really helpful for me in learning new aspects of Enviorment.
A first good entry-perspective in the world of the environmental management
I LEARN MANY THINGS WHICH ARE PIRATICAL AND HELP FULL IN LIFE TO LIVE
Adequate course to get an overview of global environmental mangement.
The assignments can be a bit tougher to test the acquired knowledge.
The course has some great examples and surely is great in content.
loved the way teachers try to explain each and every consequence.
Widespread precise in-formation, giving strenght to go ahead
it is wonderfully designed and quite educative.
I've learned a great deal from the course.
It is very effective and knowledgeable.
I have learnt lots of things
Great and amazing course!
overall view is good.
I really like this course. As I have to review other peers, I have learned other countries situation/ problem without the need of traveling. I really recommend people to join this course, it is worth.
This course has opened my intuition to various environmental management techiniques across different location of the world hence providing knowledge of being able to discern how to handle these problems according to respective geographical unit needs, content is very rich and mode of delivery is superb!I recommend this for all who cares about conserving and managing our world's renewable and non renewable resources for a sustainable existence in life.
it is a very good introduction towards environmental management since it covers all the topics that are involved in it. It is up to the student to study more about the topic that most attracts their attention, but this course provides the basis for a better understanding of the concept of global management.
I've learned a great deal from the course. Thanks for putting together these valuable insights and gathered so many experts in effectively delivering the course. Kudos to the team of DTU and Coursera.
I am learning the basics and fundamental topics which is related to my Civil Engineering Environmental courses. I am truly satisfied with the course and also my designated teacher. Thank you
I gained additional knowledge regarding the different environmental management technologies and how some countries are engaged in addressing their environmental challenges.
Anyone who is in the environmental field and those who are planning to go into this field should take this course. Its very informative and mind opening. Thanks DTU.
The course gave me a general idea about environmental management. I've learned a lot from the examples and the process of finishing homework. Looking at others' homework also let me known more things happening in different countries and gave me lots of insights. I would recommend this course to friends who also interested in environmental management.
One of the most interesting courses I have ever participated in.  Learnt a lot about environmental management in different parts of the globe and particularly in Denmark, one of the best in the world. Assignments were interesting and peer reviewing was very enjoyable and informative. Would look forward to join in to many more of such courses.
I have really learnt a lot on this course. I have learnt so much that they will help me advance in my career. The instructors are very articulated. They impact good knowledge of the course.Thanks to Coursera for bringing in this course.
This Global environment management course is very good to add in our environment career Sadly, most of the world's forests particularly in developing countries are being depleted due to over-exploitation and this has led to the extinction of important plants and animal species, and subsequent loss of biodiversity. On a larger scale, the impacts of ecosystem degradation and unsustainable use of forest resources have given rise to climate change as well as other pressing global issues. In my country India, the major problems facing forestry and nature management are poor natural resources management policies, illegal logging, large scale agriculture, indiscriminate use of forest resources among others. I plan to collaborate with NGOs, governmental agencies, policymakers, and international agencies to help develop policies that will ensure a sustainable model geared towards nature management and harnessing of forest resources.
I enjoyed the GEM course a lot. The 5 weeks length is just right and video lectures are very interesting. I didn't expect I can learn from so many professionals in such a short time. The course gave me a basic understanding of current human related environment management aspect. It boarded my view and knowledge and stimulated my awareness of the environmental affairs of my home town. Completing this course also give me the courage to enroll for an online degree. I hope I can find a course which covers more on nature protection soon. Thank you so much!
I really enjoyed the videos and content of this course, as well as how the essays were spaced out. The amount of information given in the allotted time frame was also perfect. As an ecologist by training, I really enjoyed getting to look into the environmental science and urban planning side of environmental management and I believe this will give me quite an edge in my field. My only criticism is that the fairness/integrity of the peer-reviews of essays can be pretty hit-or-miss; this feature may need to be updated by the instructors.
After a bachelor's degree in Environmental Studies, I still found this course really helpful. It covers a wide variety of topics and perspectives, all relevant to environmental management, and presents materials that range from general to more technical. I also really appreciate the international scope of it - while most topics were discussed in the context of Denmark, several videos/lecturers turn to developing countries and really unpack the complexities in these places.
This course was very good. Videa was very interesting, from different fields of environmetal managament and from different experts brings fresh air to the course. I like the system of essays, and grading each other among the students. Reeding another view on problems and tings that i have to to grade others give me "quite new pespective" for the field of study :-) English languages is good and understandable. I definately recommend this course!
This course is very complete and global. With a lot of examples from around the world, I had an outstanding point of view about how some communities behave and do their things in some challenges. I've learned a great deal from the course. Thanks for putting together these valuable insights and gathered so many experts in effectively delivering the course. Thanks to the team of DTU and Coursera.
The topics in the course material constitutes different segments such as water supply and resources, climate change, waste management, urban planning, ground water resources etc. The examples in the course materials are comprehensive. A learner irrespective of their level can profit from the course and it gives a different outlook on the Environment and  management.
This is a good course for anyone looking to get a broad understanding of Global Environmental Management.  It should be seen as a primer to undertake more in-depth study.  I came to this as a relative novice so some research is needed if progress is to be made.  A chat forum could potentially have been useful as a means to exchange ideas and share local knowledge.
This course gave me a greater perspective on Environmental Management because of the focus on Denmark, Greenland, and other countries other than the US. It was great to see the technologies that are being used and to hear about the challenges that may come up in the future as the climate changes. This course was very valuable to me and my professional development.
Excellent curriculum along with proficient professors. This course has conveyed more information than I've ever received within one course. Furthermore, the Denmark Technical University has accomplished leaps and bounds above other universities within the area of urban sustainability management. In-short, very applicable knowledge.Thank you,Gloria Warren
My hope for this course was to get an idea of what one learns if one studies GEM and similar masters. IT helped a lot on this regard, specially because I come from an Industrial  Design and teaching background, but have always been interested in joining the green gangs.  It is a good overview of what you could end up doing when working in the field.
The course was very interesting and a little bit challenging, in particular on the part where you have to grade your peeer's work. On the academic part it has broadened my understanding of environmental management. The course helped to improve my understand of sustainable development and how it can be used as tool in environmental management.
I really liked the structure of this course and the content was very clear and precise to understand. I want to thank all the professors that where involved in this lecture. I enjoyed every single one and it gave me an overview of the quality of the Master's programs offered by DTU Environment which I'm looking forward to start next Autumn.
Very good material - good insight and coverage of many aspects of environmental management.Only critique would be to request more information on solutions in development to many of the problems - materials with solutions and or innovations currently available or up-and-coming.Super gode og indholdsrig materialer - Tusind tak for kursus!
The course is very timely as I will collaborate with local official to revisit the plan of an area where integrated water resources management is necessary to be employed. Thank you, Technical University of Denmark and Coursera. Thank you also Department of Science and Technology for having a great partnership with Coursera.
Very good and informative course.I learned a lot of important things from this course which i dont think that i could have learned from any where else.All the teachers taught very nicely and i an interesting manner.Moreover, the questions that were asked in this course were related to the concept only.
Well designed interesting course for those who want to start study the Environmental Management. The lectures are in easy to understand English. They are full of interesting facts and information. The tasks are interesting. They make students to start think about their own cities and countries.
I found the course extremely informative and I thought that the course material was well put together. The course has actually lead me now to look further into the world on Environmental Management and I am considering further now my studies and knowledge in this particular field of study.
Useful General knowledge about the environmental management system. Cases from different regions of the world concerning global trends, climate change, urban planning, water and waste management. Dinamic presentations (photos, graphs, charts) with the participation of specialized experts.
I loved this course! All the topics covered are very interesting and educational! It certainly increased my awareness about the environment, cities, sustainable development etc. In addition to these, I managed to establish a technical background about environmental management. Thank you.
Very well taught and delivered. Over the past few weeks I've learnt how important it is for the upkeep of the environment to be our #1 priority. Your probably wondering why yourself! It's simple because it's our everyday life. We need it and it needs us, so therefore we must embrace it!
An attractive course that responds to the current needs of the global society. With a modern and creative approach from the educators. It will provide you with the necessary knowledge for better understanding of the issue and will give you useful insights through location-examples.
Thank you very much all of related people to this course. It not only provides me knowledge on environmental management, but also lets me learn more about environmental management in many cities around the globe (through lectures and peer reviews). Really enjoy the course :)
It's very good course for those who really have interest in knowing about current system of environmental management. Lectures are really good and well explained, even a person with no background of this course can easily understand it and enjoy it. Totally recommend it.
This a concise course where you learned from different standpoints. It was a great opportunity to take it while lecturing for an environmental engineering program, It really enriched the examples I could present and gave me new perspectives on environmental management.
This is outstanding learning experience I have received from the course. It has immensely improved my learning on global environmental problems and their solutions. Also could get to learn from the international faculties and their rich academic experience.
I have enjoyed this course very much.  I am not a technical person by background and the course has helped me learnt within a very short term many types of relevant technologies that could be adopted to manage different kind of environmental challenges
It was a long week, but I'm truly satisfied with the course materials. it was a pretty good course to learn about how to apply various environmental technologies to deal with environmental challenges. Thanks to DTU- Technical University of Denmark.
This is really a great module, the course gives an new perspective and the examples shared by the faculties based on their experience of working in different geographies helps understand the concepts and practical implementation challenges.
It gave me a whole new perspective! The lecturers are thorough and the materials are very useful. I will definitely rewatch the videos and reorganize the volume of the new information because I am sure I will need this for my future career.
Very good, not particularly difficult course. It is a very eye opening course. I think the biggest take away from all the material is that the world needs our help, desperately, and we need to change our ways of life immediately.
Very nice combination and collection of case studies touching the most prominent environmental problems of today's world. It gives insight to the problems as well as solution to the environmental problems of our own locality.
I really enjoyed taking this course. It was interesting, interactive, and I loved how they featured different voices and perspectives in environmental management - it kept things interesting! Thanks for creating this course!
This is my first environmental course, so happy I decided to take it! What an eye opener, it gave me so much insight on environmental technologies and a whole new perspective on how resources are managed all over the world.
The subject course is very comprehensive and all the course modules are designed as per international online course standards. Thanks to all course coordinators and valuable faculty for offering such a comprehensive course.
Very interested to get an understanding of the different things that make up Environmental Management. Just said they don't offer full post-grad/master's degree online from DTU as I thought the quality was outstanding.
The course is very special, and the video classes are so much interesting that is the kind of course you want to have always saved to review everything and pay a bit more atention in one more question presented.
It was a great experience, and I got the opportunity to learn from the DTU instructors who put their efforts and energy to convey the authentic knowledge which would definitely useful for me in the future.
Global Environmenal Management has been an amazing and useful course. I learned new notions and I started to think about Environemental issues and concerns with more competence. Great course and teachers.
I really enjoyed this course. It has a great content of real practical examples making it enjoyable and interesting. It's perfect to get a big picture of how planning and manage an environmental project.
I really like this course. As I have to review other peers, I have learned other countries situation/ problem without the need of traveling. I really recommend people to join this course, it is worth.
This course is very complete and global. With a lot of examples from around the world, I had an outstanding point of view about how some communities behave and do their things in some challenges.
The course is very useful for people who want to do something for betterment of society. The lectures are also short and precise and gives a new prospective towards environmental sustainability.
The course structures very well the whole European and world situation of environmental problems and the focus on Denmark is interesting, with the current dynamics and its vision for the future.
This is one of the best available courses online on the subject matter. Author should cover more case studies  from developing nations as environmet has more challenging conditions there. Thanks
This particulate Course is perfectly design to describe the global environmental issue and different techniques by which different National Government handle the Environmental Management.
Engaging and challenging course. provides an understanding of environmental issues all around the world. I deeply appreciate the Certificate awarded to me after completing the course.
Thank you very much for the course! a great contribution to understand better the current and future problems, and some solusions that we must propose as citizens to our governments
An environmental science degree equips you with the skills and knowledge for a range of jobs in areas such as conservation, sustainability, and environmental research and education
This is great information. A lot of information, but all related which helps to see the difficulty in the environmental management, because of all stakeholders involved.
Global Environmental management unpacks the compounded and intertwined environmental management principles through simple tutorials and well-composed reading resources.
Really very nice course. Gives details about various aspects of Global environment and conditions of various countries. Provides knowledge about different technologies.
I liked the short videos and the country specific problems and solutions introductions. I have a BSc from this topic but still gave me some new informations, thank you!
It was a great experience!! I have learned a great deal on how to position myself to tackle the pressing issues facing the 21st century environment and it's people.
lessons were brief, concise and straight to the point.
All the lectures was so professional! I enjoyed every bit of the course. Thank you DTU, Thank you  Coursera.
I'm happy that I completed this course during locked down , without wasting my time.Im literally very  satisfied  that I learnt something new ..thank you all🙂
Excellent overview about the global environment, sustainabilty and managing the natural resources. I enjoyed the journey of 5 weeks. It was very informative.
Loved the material! It has broaden my idea of environmental management. However i wish some of the videos has better audio!  but thank you very much
learnt global perspective of environmental management system. It helped me in learning different systems prevailing  in many parts of the world.
A lot of hard work seems to have gone into this MOOC. It gave me quite a few new perspectives about environmental management. Thanks a lot.
It surely helped to build a global perspective on environmental management and the importance of applying these tools on the local level.
This is a wonderful course. Improves on ones knowledge and gives one a new perspective on how to view the global challenges we have.
Really Excellent course. The course helps you to understand important of environmental actions on the societies and also economies.
This  course is very educating and have greatly  improved my understanding of environmental management to ensure sustainability.
It's a nyz and valuable course for students, it helps to understand the relevance and importance of the global environment
Gave me more perpections about Enrionmental problems, and inspired me more to follow a career as an Environmental Engineer
By doing this course i learned Environment Management practice system in  different countries and teach me how to do it.
This course gave me anew perspective on how the techniques for environmental management in different parts of the world.
This is a fantastic course and gives  a global perspective in a nutshell. I plan to implement this in  my country soon.
it is an amazing course for me as I have learned many new things related to environmental issues and their management.
Really nice course which gives an introduction to ERM. I find the activities are very useful and make you learn a lot.
it was amazing experience and helped me to understand subject very deeply. i would like perceive more courses.thank u
The Open my eye to see what going on around the globe in regards to Environment and how to manage them. Thanks Guys!
It was a wonderful learning experience.Thank you Coursera and Danish Government for this excellent course content.
Covers a good range of topics in water, air, soil. Lecturers are very knowledgeable in their fields. Recommended!
I have learned a lot about applications around the world. It provided me with a different perspective. Thank you!
This course will create critical thinking about all the dimensions of the environment management and protections.
Good Course, Summary of Environmental Management. New trents in Environmental Management & Utility Managemnt.
Very insightful course, give us new perspectives either in developed countries or countries in development.
This course is really good. I've learnt a lot about global environmental issues and management techniques.
Very good course to introduce yourself in sustainable management. Most of the videos are really valuable.
The course has helped me to attain a different view about the Environmental Management around the world.
Amazing course! I loved it since the first video, hope someday I can travel to Denmark and visit DTU :)
The best space for the working professional and make you so easy to be in touch in your specialization.
its fantastic cure function course i do appreciated highly  thanks to all of you you have been a great.
I have learnt a great deal in this course and it has changed my perspective on the environment a lot.
The course is just what I need to add to my knowledge.... I love it! It is most helpful to my work.
This is an excellent introduction to the issue of Environmental Management, thoroughly recommended.
Absolutely amazing. Was an amazing experience for 5 weeks. I wish the course had a longer duration.
This is an excellent course being taught by qualified lecturers. Thanks for giving me the chance.
i recommended this course to whom has interest to learn more about the environmental management.
Very well organized and content are great. Good for learners in environmental sustainability.
A best course to update environmental management and its technologies in different aspects.
The course is very important but i did not got certificate although i complete this course
this course give me insight and perspective about environmental management in the world.
Nice course to learn some technologies and methods being involved in different countries
a very good course which gives one a perspective of various environmental practices.
A very useful and valuable course in respect of knowledge and future concerns.
Its very interesting throughout the whole course module. Thank you very much.
im completely agreed and it me a well understand the intellectual  concepts..
this course very help me to learning about global management of environmental
Great course, it gives a lot of information, would be great if it was longer
The course really helped me in understanding environment management deeply..
Great, magnificent and wonderful training with the best live examples ever.
a great course which changed my perspective towards environment management
Very nicely compiled course cover all aspects of environmental management.
Enhanced my knowledge and introduced a wider perspective on the subject.
i had such a wonderfull and astounding time with this lessons.Thank you
This is real interesting course. I have learned many things from this
It is really an educative platform. And the lessons were up to date
It was very helpful and i recommend everyone to take this course.
It was a great learning experience for me. Very good instructors!
Highly educative and comprehensive course.  Thank you for this
Great work and well researched presentations and lectures.
Lecture with real life case study. Helps to learn easily.
amazing course! Surely a great help to future generations
Thank you very much for wonderful and informative course
Great Instructors, organized lessons, and good content.
it is a very basic course, but excellent information
Amazing course, I learnt a lot from this. Thank you
Nice course that shows a lot of different subjects.
Very nice course and  my knowledge is improve👍👍
Awesome Oveiview of Global Environment Management
Thanks Coursera for given this opportunity to us.
Very good course! I learnt a lot from the course
Thanks for all the new insights! Great Course!
An excellent introductory course. Recommended
very informative and more value laden course
I loved this course.it is really informative
excellent good study cases and good lectures
this was amaizing course , i loved thank you
Precise and reach information. Learnt a lot
Really good for education.thanku DTU
Great lectures and support material.
Very Detailed and Technical Course.
Great course. I learnt a great deal
Very well designed.......thank you
TheBestonlineCourseIhaveeverhad.
I rate this program it the best
well explained about the topic
Awesome! Totally worth my time
This course is very effective.
very educative and interactive
More knowledge of environment
A important learning for me.
Superb and highly informati
Clear and straight forward
Through and comprehensive.
Thanks for all of you
Exceptional quality
Very Nice!!!
great :D
