This course is a classic case of too many cooks spoil the broth. Every week of this course has at least two different lecturers. The lecturers vary in quality from good to very poor. The average being not so good. An additional problem this overabundance of lecturers causes is that individual lecturers feel that they must tech something substantial. Unfortunately, this is not possible as an individual lecturer has around 20-30 minutes lecture time in total. This is not enough time to motivate any key points or to deliver any intuition about the topics covered. Instead the lecturers end up scrawling endless equations and the exams are about mindless algebraic manipulation of those equations.
I  had no idea there was not involved in this. There was no indication. Other than the technology, this course was misleading!
I have chosen the wrong option .this course is not for me
i could not access the course,its locked
How to unenroll this course
Not very well taught, no supporting material, confusing and unclear teaching process, too many different instructors, low quality and unchecked slides with errors, missing information for the exercises. Not entorely recommended.
The contents are not great. The real problem is no real expert take care of questions, given there are several errors in the quiz.
Not so interesting. I'd prefer solar cells over this one.
Thank you for this course.I am PhD student in renewable energy, this course give you a good initiation in wind energy, but as PhD students, I want to work about my thesis, I want to contact your university. you know we can't neither purchase the license nor visit your university as we are just students, I hope that I find a help from you. Thank you very much!
ENTIRE  CONTEXT OF THE COURSE WAS GOOD. BUT TO THE BEGINNERS IT IS DIFFICULT AS NO INTRODUCTION TO FORMULA OR BASIC PRINCIPLE IS GIVEN. NO GUIDE TO HAVE A BETTER UNDERSTANDING
There are places during the quizzes where I had to struggle a lot. Especially week 4 and 5. But overall a brilliant module. Thank you!
Although I applaud the creators for their time and sharing their knowledge, I wish the course would have been covered in detail. Either it could have been a 8 week long course covering more aspects of this topic or a follow on course could be offered. Also, sufficient easy to access course handouts and reading materials should be provided. I would be glad to attend another course from the creators and DTU. Thank you very much.
I have a masters in mechanical engineering and wanted to learn about the generalities of wind energy production. If you don't have a background in engineering, a lot of things may be hard to understand The conceptual parts of the course seem too rushed. The inner workings of the aerodynamics of the turbines are not very well explained, the electrical connections and distributions are too superficially mentioned. The structural and fatigue analysis were super brief, which is good. The parts that I enjoyed the most were probably the financial aspects of wind energy production (and the simple exercise for the project evaluation), the variation of wind speeds during day and according to topographies. In  conclusion, what I felt with this course, was that the concepts were many times not explained as deeply as they should have compared to the mathematical developments that some formulas have. I was not expecting to have a full electrical installations or fluid dynamics or final elements analysis course applied to wind energy concepts. On the contrary, I could have done without some very specific mathematical emphasis that was put on this course and would have enjoyed a lot more some curious facts and general knowledge about wind turbine control, electricity transport and storage, comparation to other energy sources, wind farm locations, energy production and consumption, energy costs, future developments, etc.
The course is well structured, and the contents are exposed clearly. Probably one of the main problems of the subject "Wind Energy" itself, is it covers many disciplines (Aerodynamics, Mechanics and Machinery, Structural design, Electricity and Grid connection, Financial aspects...), so a 5-Week course had to be quite superficial to cover each of this aspects minimally. For my expectations it was a little bit too simple, but mostly the quizzes were too easy. The hints after the quizz questions were solving the questions and avoiding the beautiful part of the quizzes: playing with the formulae, and interiorizing it.All in all it was a nice, enjoyable course, but sadly I feel I didn't get deep enough in many of the treated subjects, even for an introductory course.
It's globally a nice course, although you have to keep in mind that it is more like an introduction to the topic rather than a real, full course. I was quite frustrated from time to time that some important and difficult points are not really justified or explained in details, but just given as assumption or obvious concept: If you are familiar with that concept, you will be fine (but probably won't learn that much), while if you are not you will be probably lost. I mean, for a free course this is already a pretty nice job, and I think it is worth to take this course. I would be for sure ready to pay something to get a longer and more detailed course on this topic.
The course
covered many different topics. It is a little bit too basic but of great
quality. Improvements could be done taking  not much time to define some
things like those covered on "Important things used in wind energy".
I felt each week things where covered more superficially as I advanced un the
course. Anyway, I recommend it to anyone interested in seeing the big picture on
Wind Energy!  The course is taught by world top researchers giving a quick
peek of the state of the art in Wind Energy Thanks to DTU for taking the time
and effort of making this course! I am looking forward for more DTU courses!
I had initially started the course in order to gain insight more into the role of wind energy, the operations, the components and financing behind it. The course was a little heavy on actual mechanics and turbine output calculations. Would've enjoyed a more descriptive course with more emphasis on the financing and operational side as well as how the wind facilities fit into the grid. That said, it does provide a great basic overview of the concept and the mathematical side is still useful, particularly if interested in the engineering aspect.
Good course but a little more detail with better referencing to links and documents would be more helpful. Also, a little more in-depth info for each topic will also be well appreciated. Overall a good course for beginners like me who knew nothing about Wind Energy before taking this course.
This course needs more solved examples on board similar to the ones on quizzes in order to give students the sense to handle different situations. Also,  it needs more explanatory videos during the lecture about real-life wind energy turbines. Overall, the course content is good.
Teachers need to give a lot detailed lectures. They assume we already know a lot of terminologies. The last teacher with the electrical systems was the most precise yet hardest to understand. Overall some teachers were excellent.
For the beginners, they will find it not understandable. Rapid use of formulas, no idea of getting where do they come from. But materials are also very rich in information.
VERY DEEP KNOWLEDGE IS PROVIDED SMALL AMOUNT OF TIME.AND QUIZ NUMERICAL ARE NOT EXPLAINED IN VIDEO BY AN EXAMPLE NUMERICAL.EXCEPT THAT THIS COURSE WAS VERY HELPFUL
Some of the instruction pages were a little bit confusing. Some teachers were just reading slides, that was not very helpful. Needs  more verbal information.
Some more work should be done on tutorial of problem solving, Sometimes it is tough to solve the question, especially descriptive type questions.
Overall informative. Some parts of the lecture was confusing for beginners. The voice needs to be a little louder.
I found it quite difficult; mainly because I don't really have a background in engineering or mathematics.
Quiz is really tough. One quiz didnt even have a method of solving, made it really tough to pass
It's a great course and it's help in my study which is renewable energy
This is an introduction course. I would like see more advanced courses.
English and the quality of teaching of every professor was obnoxious
Should have been more focused on the electrical part.
It's a good course, is just not what I expected
All encompassing and wonderful experience
in this not much about grid or control
Needs improvement a lot I think.
please provide my certificate
Hi sir. Concept is very good
Good introductory course,
Overall Basic Knowledge
I would like to recommend this course for those who are interested in wind energy field. The instructors clearly explained all basic concepts of this field and provide further resources for additional advanced level. It was effectively organized in showing all involved disciplines in this field and how they are integrated. It will help you to decide which path or department you want to go deeper (Site surveying, Measurement devices, Economy, Structural Analysis, Material and Electrical). Finally I want to thank everyone who had put an effort in preparing
Greta content but the quiz sections need a better layout
Very good course in that it introduces you thoroughly to the basic concepts of wind energy. By the end of it, I think I was able to participate in a conversation with specialists and I could get myself immersed into the particular areas if I chose to. There are some inconsistencies within the lectures, plus it was some times difficult to follow the lecturers. I saw that some colleagues were able to get help through the online chat room which was also providing additional material to study. To understand the concepts related to aerodynamics and solve the problems you need to have studied similar concepts before, in say fluid dynamics or pumps and turbines. I believe that someone without an engineering or physics background would not be able to complete the course.Overall, I was very satisfied I took the course and I would recommend it to others.
Excellent course. I suggest that in a few quizzes you were asking to get the numbers off the slides in the video. It is very difficult to read the numbers off the video. Can you instead add the slides in the quiz PDF file? All the information required to answer the quizzes should be in the PDF file. The course material was very good. The problem sets were very good too because of real life data. The rigor of courses was average. I can understand why you do not want to make the course more rigorous. However, it would help advanced engineering students to go through a more rigorous course.
The course was really good, challenging, I've learned a lot, from wind introduction, to technologies, materials, different types of turbines, aerodynamics, the structure and electric systems, and the wind itself and its measurements. Sometimes examples were missing and some topics were not fully explained but in general is a well made course. I liked the engagement of videos with lectures and quizzes, you feel the progress. I want to thank all the professors involved in this course, many thanks to the technical university of Denmark and coursera for giving me this opportunity.
Overall the course is really good because the quizes make you use the formulas explained throughout the video lessons and is then when you actually learn a lot. The lessons are good in general but an improvement in the quality of the explanations would be appreciated, even though the objective of the course is not to get to deep into the concepts, better ways to explain some of these can be found. Anyway, I learned a lot and further reading material was pointed and in some cases provided, so I'm really thankful to DTU for making this course.
It's a very comprehensive course that introduces various aspects of wind energy. Generally, it's an excellent course, and it's rare to find similar resources online. However, there is one disadvantage of having this comprehensive coverage of this topic, which is the lack of explaining the principles in detail instead of having a quick overview and jumping to a conclusion. I don't think students with a science background can understand that in such a short time, not to mention for students with other disciplines.
It is very nice to follow such a multidisciplinary course. Hence you get a good image of all the aspects that have to to with Wind Energy. To further improve this course I would suggest to think about two courses: one for beginners and one that can act as a more deeper one. Now some issues are touched so briefly that people with no good technical backgound would have difficulties to understand all the concepts. As a conclusion I would say: I enjoyed following this course very much! :-)
The course touches all possible areas of wind energy sector including the economics as well as engineering aspects of it. It will be a game changer for those who are interested in renewable energy and wind technology. I am truly enlightened by the professors at DTU. I'll be so glad if they add another course on wind energy software, simulation applications that dive into more industry related aspects and techniques. Thank you DTU and Coursera for providing  this amazing MOOC.
The course is very well structured. The problems were challenging yet doable. Some of the technical terms could have explained in a slow and detailed manner so that the students can follow up the lecture quite easily.  The derivations should be slowed down a bit. It would be wonderful if they derive them by hand instead of presenting through slides. In the end It is a great course! Loved doing it. Thank you teachers for providing me an insight into the field of Wind Energy.
The course lectures and materials for each module (total of 9) are well prepared and presented.  The actual learning is via the quiz given after each module.  However, what is lacking is a "capstone design or project" module that ties all of the previous modules together.  This final module would use the learnings and computer-based models developed in the pre
Hi, The course is a nice introduction to the wind energy. The exercises are well balanced and sometimes challenging.I would to suggest a final exam where you have to use all the knowledge learnt along the 5 weeks, and perform a pre-project of wind turbine and  install it in wind farm.  This way, by doing your own design the concepts are seens as a whole.
Excellent course if you are an engineering student, not great as a introduction to wind energy course.  The lecturers should give an example of the calculations in use especially in week 4 to aid in the understanding, this is what I do as a math professor.  You should be able to get the concepts without being held back by the mathematical computations.
The course provides an appropriate introduction into the wind energy technology. it covers a vast range of subjects, from aerodynamics to the construction of wind farms and electricity markets. Each topic of the course is represented without a too deep insight but sufficiently enough to obtain a basic understanding of the field. Definitely recommend !
Its an excellent course for a beginner to understand the Wind energy. Emphasis on basics of engineering helps to build & connect to broader understanding during this course. Would have liked to see a bit more explanation on few  other aspects of WTG like Foundation, Tower structure, Gearbox, Safety systems etc. But thoroughly enjoyed this course.
Very interesting course! Totally recommended to those starting in the wind energy industry. The course gives a great introduction on wind energy and its engineering concepts. It will be great including a module focused on innovation and the future of wind energy. Similarly to expanding the area of Wind Economics, it was really interesting!
The course provides very detailed and beautiful insights of wind energy and turbines.i learned a lot about wind energy and various parameters on which wind energy depends.i'm thinking to combine the newly acquired set of skill with ML algorithms to build a energy prediction model of my own as a side project.Thank you all !!!
Great training!This training allows students and professionals to study a wide variety of topics related to wind energy (wind turbine design, wind turbine monitoring, wind resource assessment, economics, ...).I highly recommend this training to anyone interested in wind energy or wishing to work in this field in the future.
Very basic wind energy course for beginners. If you have  background on some of the topics, you may feel very easy. For instance, my background is structural mechanics and I felt that these struture topics were very simple. Anyway, this is a general course whose content covers basics, I think that is understandable.
Incredible...I've been thinking a lot about working in this field and because of this course I can even talk to people who already work for companies related to wind energy here in Brazil...and sometimes to discuss with them about more complex topics that they've never heard about it. Thanks a lot to the DTU team!!!
It is a good course for all people who want to know more aobut this resource. In opinion each chapter could be a course in order to make a especialization and, about all, one course dedicated to software (wasp... windpro...) would give 5 stars. A good introduction course, i hope it helps me to find a new job... :(
This course gave me a very nice overview to different aspects of the wind turbines, which is necessary for everyone who wants to work in this field. It would be better if this course continues with some more courses at higher level, focused on different subjects with more details. Probably for the future courses.
It was such an amazing opportunity for me to learn about Wind Energy. I was quite satisfied with the content and the lectures. The only thing I think can be improved is the quizzes. The four last quizzes don't reflect ALL of the taught context. Generally, I am really pleased to pass this online course.
Very interesting course which covers the basic concepts of the Wind energy Technology. I recommended it! However I rated this course in 4 stars because of the fact that some lecturers speak very bad English and some times was very difficult to understand what they were trying to say.
I like the assignments for this course. They are not straight forward which makes you search and put more effort into the content. I recommend this course for anyone interested in learning about the costs of wind turbines, the mechanics behind them, and the energy they generate.
Good course to have a very broad and general idea about multiple aspects of wind energy: costs, generation, design, technologies, and production. From an engineering standard point, you might not learn as much as you expect in terms of materials used, design, and efficiency.
Really good course that handles all aspects involved in wind turbine energy generation projects. Really good choice for people interested in renewable, with no previous experience or knowledge in wind turbines. Designed for novice to intermediate users.
Good course on the fundamentals of wind energy conversion. Need some good knowledge in mathematics to take up this course. Assignments are interesting and need some good efforts to solve them. The explanation videos are simple and easy to understand.
good level and comprehensive MOOC for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics oriented people and students. In my opinion, exercices evaluate too much mathematics skills compare to wind turbines knowledge. I recommend this MOOC.

.
Course content is in-depth and discusses major topics related to wind energy but does not explain in depth especially the one with actual case studies like graphs and charts. The instructor should have explained the case studies clearly.
Really good info, I would like to get some information about installation, maintenance and decommissioning as well end life use or repowering to increase my knowledge but it has been a really complete and useful course. Thanks a lot!
Good introduction into the different aspeects of the wind industry. I would have liked a bit more depth in many areas and possibly worked out examples of how the equations are used to design and analyse performance of a wind turbine.
Overall the course was great, covering wide range of topics from economics to mechanics of wind turbines. There were some mathematical and electrical topics that i found challenging like integral spectra and grid connections.
Overall, the content is good and will give you an idea of what wind energy is and what wind energy concerns. The homework was really useful and well-designed. Four-star is due to some unclear explanations of certain concepts.
The last two weeks are awfully hard to acomplish because some of the explenations on structural mechanics, electric components, statics, fluids and mechanics of materials are too shallow for the quiz requirements.
This course is very useful for who are working in wind blade constructions. the course is not an easy to pass need to so many calculations. It will help to improve basic design aspects of wind turbine.
Useful to get a general insight on wind energy and the danish market and how to develop projects. However, if you want to learn more about tutbine design you will need to look for further information.
Very useful and practical course. The teachers introduced the basic knowledge related to wind energy in every area. Plus the materials introduced out-of-class, I have a overall view about wind energy.
you have to give a lot of efforts specially after week 2 because of numericals but you at the same time your data analysis skills will improve. Informative and at the same time a bit tough course.
Very good overall. The explanations and the supporting materials were very clear. I would rate 5/5 if it included some detailed animations about key elements of the WT (gearbox, generator, etc.).
The course covers many important and interesting topics, but at the same time as covering many topics, the explanation is usually short and very introductory. it is still a recommended course.
This course taught me the process of designing a wind turbine with some basic calculations, Overall this course is advisable for students who are taking up projects related to wind energy
This course provided me a very good understanding of how wind energy harvesting is done. This encourages us to learn more about this type of renewable energy sources. Thank you Coursera.
outstanding course ! provide a brief insight into how wind turbines come to be right from inception to decommission although i felt the teaching presentation layout was a bit confusing
It's a great introduction into the study of wind energy, and for me a great way to get back into some mathematics that I haven't used since my undergraduate degree. Very enjoyable.
I think that some concepts were not approached in the course, but from general point of view, this is a good introduction to a great part of the whole supply chain of wind energy.
Happy to have completed my first Coursera course in Wind Energy with DTU Wind Energy I have learnt a lot from this course and look forward my newfound knowledge , think u coursera
I think that it is a very useful course to anyone who is interested in renewable energy especially wind energy because it is the future, safe, reliable source of power generation
Very good and informative, the instructors are apparently new to teach in front of a camera, they will be better in time. I look forward to an advanced course from the same team.
It is a good introduction to the subject and I have learned a lot. However, in several parts of the course I expected more detailed explanations. Maybe an extra week would help.
Everything was up to the mark. Lessons of week 4 and week 5 proved to be helpful for me. Some instructor's sound were not enough clear. I expected more aerodynamic depth here.
The explanations were good but it would help if there was a section for examples and practice questions and also a platform to clear doubts and questions after each lecture
There is a great theory in the slides and videos. To have more practical numbers and examples from real time would increase the understanding of a few complicated topics.
It was a good and interesting course. I gained so much knowledge about the Wind Energy regarding its technology, designing, economics and all the other necessary fators.
Great basic intro to wind stuff. At a helpful level of difficulty and avoids the humdrum of spruiking the benefits of wind energy and gets into the hows and wherefores!
Decent course, good overview over the subject. Sometimes the instructors could have done a better job at tying the specific topics back to the high-level perspective..
THE COURSE IS GOOD BUT QUITE DIFFICULT TO COMPLETE THE QUIZZES APART FROM THAT VERY MUSH SUGGESTIBLE TO THE PEOPLE WHO ARE WORKING ON WIND POWER SYSTEMS. THANK YOU.
Very good introduction to wind energy. It could go deeper in the technical details (explain how you get all these formulas / equations). Thanks for all your work.
very useful concepts in wind energy course about the turbines and stress in them and also the composite materials used in those turbines to withstand the load.
There are lots of equations which make course little bit difficult for the first time. But anyway one of the valuable course. Thanks a lot for all lecturers.
This course was extremely useful for those who want to understand the wind energy in deep ,all the faculties are great and explains every topic thoroughly
It was very much informative, I learnt so many new things but I want more explanation of some topics and I want the assignments not to be more difficult.
A good course for introducing all concepts relating to Wind Energy-mechanical,economical and even the materials used and brief overview on a lot more.
Great course. It gives a good overview of the many aspects of wind energy, from wind farm location to mechanical and financial analysis of a project.
I really enjoyed this course. I didn't expect so high level but I liked it. It's interesting to understand the wind energy from every point of study.
Excellent course with well presented modules.  Lectures with quiz preparation and quiz is very effective in reinforcing learning.  Congratulations!!
Very good to get involved and get a general overview in Wind Turbines. Instructors are very good and most of them clear, excelent quality in videos.
Excellent introduction to wind energy and all its facets. Could use more exercises, but it being free and all, it is excellent as a starting point.
Great overview of wind energy and definitely a worthwhile use of my time. I was glad I had an engineering background before attempting this though!
a very good course with good technical information. although I personally felt that the economy of turbines modules was not as important as others
I enjoyed every part of this course however the structural analysis section was a bit hard for me but overall it went amazing. Learnt new ideas.
Good course. I recommend people interested in setting themselves up for a technical career in the wind energy industry in taking up this course.
it is a great course, it gives great info and knowledge about wind energy technology, I would thank all lecturers for their help and support.
A pretty good introductory course but not much more. I really hope to see it followed up by a more advanced version! Thanks for all the help!
Some basic concepts of Wind Energy (Aerodynamics, Structural, Economics, etc.) well structured course with excellent teacher from the field.
A good course covered maximum details related to mechanics,aerodynamics, economics and many more.Had a great experience in solving the quiz.
I really good course. And quite challenging.A few concepts in week 1 and week 5 could have been explained with a little more clarity though.
It is very good .i have learn lot of new thing in this course .i already working with wind energy industry .it is very helpful in future .
Really good course to get closer to the wind energy topic. It is a basic level course. Really usefull the scientific literature adviced.
well planned course with good content. need explanations for numerical. a superb effort from DTU. Need this type of courses from DTU.
The course was very good and the concepts were explained well. But I felt the material could have been more in-depth on the subjects.
I would've liked more focus on the design of the projects rather than in the design of the turbine. But overall an excellent course.
A Great Course for beginners to get an introduction on the wind energy aspects and its basics.Kudos to the team who arranged this !
Good and structured introduction to Wind Energy. The additional reading allows further study to the areas that interested me most.
Good overview of the technical aspects to Wind Energy.  Anyone with a technical background should be able to easily complete.
A very good introductory course. Some more time should be given to the derivations of formulas, they are the key to learning.
Pretty informative course, covers all the basics of wind turbines. Great starter course of anyone interested in wind energy.
The course was very nice. The faculty tried to convey such a big topic in the most concise way and they were successful.
I would've wished to have gotten a bit more explanations from the instructors before a quiz, but overall a great course
Very nice course overall, but tests are quite difficult specially for beginners in the energy and engineering's area.
Wind energy is one of the most useful courses to gain basic knowledge about renewable energy.Thanks for the course.
Too many teachers, and most of them are not engaging. I it's best for this course it to teach by one teacher.
helpful and it determines every aspect in which wind energy can be used and the places it can be installed
It is good for a first approach. I am electrical engineer I wish they had developed more the last chapter.
good intermediate course that goes a little below the surface, and offers more than the absolute basics.
nice course complete basics in lecture and real time problems in quiz help to understand concept better
Suspect this is a good grounding in the subject.  I did not care to follow the more technical aspects.
great introductory course for the engineering and analysis that goes into extracting power from wind.
good technical overview. quality of the material and quiz is variable from very good to sufficient.
Thank you, it was so much clarifying to me in so many aspects regarding wind turbines in general.
Overall it is a good course, but need to add more electrical and mechanical concepts of turbine.
useful course to earn a knowledge about the main effect and visibility of Wind power generation
It was really nice course, I really enjoyed it by learning this one. Thanks to all instrucotrs
A very good course on wind energy. The lectures were quite good but the exercises were better!
Very interesting courses and good applications of the theory with real conditions. Thank you !
yup, pretty good course. i loved to watch the video of there details and practical learning.
Very useful course and well distributed, could be improved a little bit some of the lectures
This course is very helpful for us, to gain knowledge about wind energy engineering.Thanks.
The contents of the lecture were great but the way of explaining them were a little boring.
The module "wind resources" in week 2 can be improved. The rest of the course is excellent!
The course was interesting and very knowledgeable, for my engineering, and deep knowledge
I learn more basic knowledge by completing this course which helps me in future my study
i think that you could add a bit more complexity to it and it would actually be better
great course, a lot of information, very good topics teached by excellent professional
It was a great experience learning this course from the top instructors of the field.
Excellent course and great introduction to the subject of offshore wind. many thanks!
Excellent course. I learn more things about wind energy construction and calculation.
Great course. 4 stars since all derivations has not been done though some were done.
Excellent course which enabled me a detailed introduction to field of Wind Energy.
Finally I completed the course.anyway there is something to improve in the lecture
Could optimize the visual presentations as the display  resolution is pretty low.
The course was really beneficial  and the material provided was very useful.
Very good illustration of the topics , they explained suits the requirement.
Really good just I personally stopped wanting to learn it half way through.
Good For Electrical Engineer . we can learn lot of things from this course
Very useful course  its a nice introduction to wind turbines technologies
This course covers many topics of wind energy with not so deep materials.
this course was very helpful! and i can suggest anyone to do this course
One of the best course for those who are interested in renewable energy.
it was good, bery illustrative. But it need to be enhansed in some ways.
very interesting overview of wind energy. Not detailed, just an overview
More information about wind turbine and technology, also useful quizzes
Very interesting course to learn quite information about wind energy.
wow Detailed information about windmill Designing & many Assessments
Great course, but I think there are still some areas of opportunity.
Enjoyed the course so much, planning to do it again later this year!
This course is really Interesting, i am so glad i did this course.
Good overview course and introduction to all the relevant aspects
This is a good course about the wind energy and its utilisation.
Very good course with sufficient information to guide students.
Great course with an emphasis on mechanics. Good teaching team.
Excelent Course, plenty of usefull and interesting information
I like this course but still some basic concepts are missing
Good introduction. Would be better to go a little bit deeper
some things could be better explained. Otherwise very nice.
interesting courses to sync your passion with your career !
Good introduction, together with some challenging material
Really useful to get the basics of wind energy generation.
It was a nice course and the quiz was really challenging.
Interisting course to get a first idea about wind energy
I hope the next course focuses more on electrical part
Very good introduction to wind energy basic concepts.
From this I get to much knowledge about wind energy
Very interesting course and well organised by DTU.
Very informative and filled with useful knowledge
Excellent course, but not so easy for  beginners.
some solved examples are to be explain in detail
These course is very helpful and easy to learn
An overview of wind energy basic calculations.
Quite mathematic, but interesting and helpful.
Very good course. It is enrich of information
More explanation was necessary at some points
Learn  technical Way ,Improve Energy sector
Superficial but a good introductory course
A lot of Concepts clear, Thanks a lot.
VEry informative and excellent course.
Well experience when I was did course
Well structured course for beginners.
should be explain better than this.
General Introduction, need details
Easy but quite tough calculations.
totally usefull and thanks so much
things need to be more detailed
thanks for your effort and time
All the modules are very good.
very good course for Engineers
I really like the experience
Its very useful to my future
Very Useful for my Project
really i love this course
Teachers are very good.
helps to gain knowledge
I love my lady faculty
great course to study
overall nice course.
It is good course
Very nice lecture
Very Good Cousre
Make it easy
Hello, this course is very amazing, I'm energy enginering and this course is very good because the information of the all weeks is basic for the wind energy and others weeks the information is very advanced, if developed other course of energy i would like to register. Thanks for this course, if you have more courses of wind energy with information more advanced I would like have the information for my register.
It is a great course and a good experience. I liked that it provides a quite serious and "grown-up" overview on some physics related topics without actually going too far into the details. Same about the test, at the first sight they might seem scary, with a lot of calculations and formulae, but once you start you find out that it is actually not much harder than maths problems in the middle school. Following carefully the hints, anyone can complete the tasks. The course is logically divided into modules, making the different aspects of the wide field of wind energy be placed neatly on top of each other. I especially liked that everything starting from economics and up to structural mechanics is covered in this course, allowing a student to obtain a rather broad understanding of the whole field. A big big thank you to everyone who worked on the course!
First I like to say I completed all the assignments and this took time. I watched all the videos and read the pdf files. So there is a sense of accomplishment. Hence I gave the course a 5 star rating. If you are an engineer or from the physics field you may want to take up this short 5 week course. It introduces you to various areas of wind energy engineering. It may be enough for you to take up a wind engineering textbook to complete a self study. Good Luck.
My first course from coursera and it was Great. I highly recommend it.
This was a really brilliant course which gave me an insight into this interesting technology. The quizzes    were challenging sometimes but the sheer width of topics it covered from wind profile to wind turbine control strategies was impressive.  The Lecturers did a good job by keeping the lectures as succinct as possible while covering the important points.  Mange Tak DTU!! :)
An absolutely excellent course covering all the basics of wind power and its generation.  There's additional resources in each section for anyone who wants to dive deep into one particular topic.  For a topic so huge and advanced, this course is excellent.  I recommend it to all my engineering friends with an interest in understanding wind power.
Amazing course which covers a lot of topics on Wind Energy from introduction to what it is wind energy to structural concepts of the blade. Moreover, the group of professors are extremely skilled and they explain the contents very clearly. To wrap it up, I strongly recommend this course to anyone interested in Wind Energy.
Some concepts were a little bit confusing. For me the hardest part the economy, the discount rate was new to me. I am a Physicist so I guess this is normal. I do not know if something similar happened to learners from other backgrounds with the other more-science aimed modulae. But very happy in general! A good job in summarizing and condensing a broad range of concepts.
The class was very informative, however, I think having some of the equations worked out would be beneficial. Some units were frustrating because some of the answers I got the first time were not correct, and I was unsure why without worked examples. Otherwise I really enjoyed the class and the information presented.
from introduction to design and effects of the environment wind speed, design of blade, generation and integration to the grid this course cover all, very informative and well explained.
comprehensive course on wind energy . almost cover all aspect of wind energy .difficulty level is medium .if you are beginner and want to get know about big picture of wind energy then you this course is for you....
It was a wonderful ride into the World of Wind Energy. The due diligence and teaching method of the instructors was on-mark and I personally enjoyed studying the course. Thank you very much, Team DTU!
It's really very useful to research scholars to select different flatforms. I m really enjoying while answering assignments as well as quizes.. the hints that they provided are awesome... Thanks allot
This is an amazing course that taught the complete overview of Wind Energy from economy perspective to the engineering part. Truly recommended for anyone that want to learn the basic about wind energy
Excellent designed course. I learned new things. This course covers most of the aspects related to wind energy. I am hopeful that an advanced course on wind energy  will be introduced soon.
Very nice course. Well structures and capable to provide a initial contact with the area. I really enjoyed!
Really good course that gives multidisciplinary competences on wind energy. This requires focus.
Highly recommended for anyone with an interest in the energy sector. It requires basic knowledge of calculus and grade 12 mathematics but not to the extent that a lack of knowledge in this area prevents you from pursuing the course if you are really interested. People with a core engineering background might find it very simple and can consider this to be an extension of the concepts covered in classrooms. The course gives large amounts of data that can be analyzed to arrive at results thereby keeping the course very exciting and practical. The principles covered in this course permeate various fields and it is mostly based on the theories of Thermodynamics, Fluid Dynamics, Mechanics of Solids, and basic economics. I would like to thank all the teachers and teaching assistants for the opportunity to learn something truly wonderful
This is a superb course for anyone interested in Basic Wind energy. The course makes sure it covers various aspects of wind energy in a broad manner. Sufficient references are given after chapter in case you want to learn deeply about a subtopic.  All the teachers explain complex stuff in a easy way and start from basics.  Quizzes are planned efficiently to make you conceptually clear and be able to compute basic quantities important in this field.  After completing this, I feel a great urge to go to Denmark to see the massive offshore turbines in person. 10/10 would recommend this to everyone interested. Thank you DTU and Coursera !
I learnt a lot, the course is flawlessly explained, the slides are downloadable for study them, the quizes are well developed and according to the lectures, the hints and feedback provided is excellent and it helps to solve the problem. It is designed to help you reach the correct answer and show you the mistakes you have mede so you can correct your answers. Pop quizes are good too.This is the best course I have ever taken online, keep doing your hardwork and making further courses, I would like to inscribe in more of them. 100 % recommended. Thanks to all the proffesor and in general to all the involved people.
I have a BS in Mechanical Engineering and an interest in fluid dynamics, so I thought the course was challenging without being too difficult.  The videos and quizzes work well together and quiz reviews have hints to help you learn when you make mistakes.  Another great thing is the certificate is the only difference between the free and paid versions of the course; you get complete access to the course either way.  I'm often on the lookout for more DTU online courses because they've done a great job with this one.
It was a very productive course in terms of learning. It refreshes a lot of your engineering knowledge. It also covers the relevant engineering topics and analyses which are often overlooked. As a whole, this course gives you a pretty good idea of the way wind energy might be utilized and used for the production of electricity. Additionally, this course provides the links and names of relevant additional learning materials if one is interested in understanding the topic or topics in great depth.
This was a great course for me. I tried to get a general overview of Wind Energy and the course covered quite a lot. For sure the course can scratch on the surface of the topic only and can't go deep into detail but there are sessions where one has to sit down and think and understand the theory. - Lectures are well structured, teachers know what they talk about and presentation and links for additional materials are good. I recommend this course for those who want an insight in Wind Energy.
This course has been a really great learning experience for me. Specifically because even though it's an online course the focus has been more on the concept side of the subject which I think is very important. It's a great course which gives great insights in the wind energy sector and joins every domain of mechanical engineering beautifully to teach you a lot about wind energy generation from the design, physics, material selection, economics and electrical part of it.
Fantastic course, I enjoyed every module and the assignments. My only comment is for there to be full working answers to Assignments available afterwards so that people can understand where they went wrong if they did not get a question correct. I really enjoyed the aerodynamic section and look forward to more advance modules if any do happen to put out. Also from doing this module I defiantly want to learn much more about the wind Industry.
Nice course for me, it is systematic which covers all the sides in wind energy genertaion and it involves a number of cross-disciplinary subjects . Some concepts are hard to understand if you do not have learnt revelant subjects like Mechanics of materials and engineering mechanics. Exercises are well designed to test yourself and reinforce knowledge. Overall, I strongly recommended this course to whom are interesting in wind energy.
This is an amazing course that taught the complete overview of Wind Energy from economy perspective to the engineering part. Truly recommended for anyone that want to learn the basic about wind energy. It was a wonderful ride into the World of Wind Energy. The due diligence and teaching method of the instructors was on-mark and I personally enjoyed studying the course. Thank you very much, Team DTU!
Very good and efficient course, specially if one is from mechanical engineering background. However, it is quite quickly taught with many topics coming in too compact. Without proper engineering knowledge in Solid mechanics, Heat transfer, Fluid mechanics, Composite Materials, Powerplant, Economics it is quite difficult. Still, it can help you learn in a compact way.
This course is very interesting and challenging as well. They have set some really good quizzes which might look tough but in the end you get a clear understanding of the concepts. The teaching is quite good and extensive supplementary material has been provided. Overall experience with this course was great! To all the professors and researchers, THANK YOU!
The course is really amazing and wonderful. It provides a brief knowledge of wind energy and its importance as well as needs in engineering field and economic development.And it also discusses briefly about wind turbine technology and aerodynamics.Hence , it is really benefial for engineering students like us who have interest in the field of wind energy
This course covers basic aspects of wind energy, and it was very well explained. The assignments were the most important part of the course for me, since it encourages us to understand the key concepts of wind power by drawing our own conclusion. Thank you, DTU lecturers, for all the time and effort given for us in this course. Best regards from Brazil
I'm a beginner of Wind Energy, but I feel I learned a lot of fundamental knowledge of that after completed this course. Sometimes, I felt that it was hard to understand because I don't have any background or experience in engineering. This is a good course to obtain new knowledge as well as to refresh my knowledge about fundamental mathmatics.
The entire learning platform was exceptionally amazing, and the key note materials must be read in order to gain more attention to problems and practical application. The speakers had professional communicative skills in order to make students understand clearly. It gave me sufficient time to understand and analyse the subsequent theory.
This course has been quite interesting and useful because I could learn a bit of everything of wind energy. So, I could understand how this kind of energy works in every step of the energy production. I think that the organization is very unbeatable because this course is perfectly balanced between the theory and practical knowledge.
Great introductory level course for undergraduates.More emphasis on commercial application with basic phenomenon of fluid flow and structural mechanics given in the course which could have been upgraded to 2 weeks more of special lectures.Overall a nice experience in solving problems and undertaking tricky scenarios in assignments.
I would like to say vote of thanks to DTU wind energy department such a wonderful study journey made me to go through & made me experienced in solving the practical field calculations on wind mill turbines such as energy generation,aerodynamic wind blades etc...thank you so much for coursera for giving such a opportunity to learn.
The contents of this course are outstanding and represent the state of the art. Prospective learners will understand the basics of wind energy engineering, with special emphasis on wind measurements and resource assessment, aerodynamics, wind turbine technology, structural mechanics, materials, financial and electrical systems.
Great collaboration amongst multiple professors and researchers. Clear explanation, but as this is an introduction class, you only get a glimpse of the concepts and the equations are only presented not thoroughly derived. As a whole, it delivers on the content and you get a better understanding of the design of wind turbines.
Very interesting and important topic for the energy transformation that we must carry out in our energy generation systems, transition of the generation matrix. I would like to go deeper into the subject and why not, to be able to go to study in Denmark someday, do a master's degree. Thank you very much for this course.
A very well designed course that gives a good overall view of all the aspects of wind energy generation. I would say that almost all aspects of the lectures can be understood by anyone, but to successfully complete the exercises and obtain the certificate you should come from a STEM area, otherwise you may struggle.
The course was really smooth and targeting the most important subjects. I enjoyed and learned a lot. I hope to use the knowledge for myself and other people all time. I was familiar with wind energy in so far and had some limited information. The course helped me in gaining a more extensive and deep knowledge.
This course is best to one who interested in gaining knowledge of wind energy form scratch, the course contains almost all the aspects which a newbie wanted to know, from the wind resource assessment to aerodynamics of blade profile and material, Thank you DTU and coursera team for this wonderful course.
Thanks, I successfully complete all the course, and got basic knowledge regarding Wind Energy, in which include wind farm market, cost calculation, aerodynamics, dynamics, material mechanics, structural mechanics...etc. and so on.It is helpful for my current work - offshore wind farm project.
The course gave the fundamental concepts behind wind energy.It gave sufficient knowledge about the physics,aerodynamics(Lift and drag forces) and also fundamental of electrical generators used in wind power generation systems. It also provided the basics of economics like NAV and LCoE
Very comprehensive lessons about wind energy. This course mentioned almost every aspect required to build a wind farm. Though some quiz in the later lectures seem to be not easy, the introductions seem to provide good instruction. The instruction after submitting also helps a lot.
Course was very well structured that takes you through all phases of wind power plants from site analysis for wind power plant to design and distribution of electricity. It gives an overview of all stages with some in depth information of wind turbine blade design and materials.
I found the course to be very challenging. It contains excellent information and the lecturers were very efficient. I did have a hard time figuring out the Math unfortunately and had to repeat a few of the tests. Overall it was definitely worth the time I took to do the course.
this course is very usefull for all faculty members and students they are gaining more knowledge of wind energy subject. only one suggestions is when the completed the course you will be send to original certificate for the course completed members. this is my kind information.
This course is amazing! Everything is explained carefully and afterwards you can check your knowledge in quizzes. The course is both for people who never before had anything to do with Wind Energy and for those who just want to refresh their knowledge. I recommend it strongly:)
This course gives a begginner's insight on Wind Energy. The course addresses the basic science behind its main aspects. However, it lacks depth on key issues and could be a bit more advanced (or there could be at least a sequel for people who are very interested on the field)
Overall, I have been very happy with my experience using Coursera and think it is one of the best online learning platforms available for several reasons: Coursera is a huge platform with thousands of courses. You have the option to enroll in or audit many courses for free.
Very concise and at the same time in-depth and to the point overview of different aspects of wind turbine functioning and engineering, with a (very) brief overview of market functioning. Clear lessons and hands-on exercises which make you understand the theory. Recommended!
This course is very helpful for the me..It gives me knowledge about wind energy..Also this course is very helpful for my career enhancement..This course give me best knowledge about wind operations...so, i am thankful to Technical University of Denmark as well as coursera..
One of the best and most comprehensive courses I have done till date. The breadth of the topics covered under this course are as extensive as any applied engineering course. You will emerge from this course a champion of concepts and a practitioner of optimal processes.
Es un buen curso, te llevan de la mano y te dan suficiente bibliografa, para que te sirva de apoyo para estudiar y pasarlo.Its a great course, they teach you hand to hand and they give you many litterature as support in order that you can study and success the course.
It's a wonderful journey to me while I am learning the course called wind energy and I don't have words to say that how they are working ,interacting with others with effective manner ,Thanks for your amazing course to give us and for all your team coordinators
An extremely helpful and informative course, especially in conjunction with multi-modal training. Training materials were well organized and provided good case studies. Instructor was extremely professional and very pleasant to learn from the course.
This coure is helpful for whom want to join to Wind energy field. The knowledge is not only for engineering, but also needed for project management and assess investment effective before make decision. We can aware all of aspect of wind project.
A really nice introduction class for Wind Energy, it gave me a lot of ideas on how wind turbines work in a lot of fields.Now I am willing to learn more about control technologies and offshore wind energy which is growing really really fast!
Excellent course. It provided a good overview of the primary aspects of wind turbine energy generation and production. Lectures were clear and easy to follow and the quizzes were challenging and engaging. I can highly recommend this course.
Comprehensive and concise course. It has encouraged me to continue study and read some more materials to understand better about Wind energy. Hope DTU provides more energy course, i.e. Wind resource and Wind energy assessment. Thank you.
Extremely Important for those Engineers and Technical persons who wants to join  Wind Energy Industry. This course is best design for Electrical and Mechanical Engineers to understand overall technical terms and concepts of wind farms.
This course is very useful to professionals that is pursuing the Wind Energy. The contents are ready to use for rel world situation for estimating wind resources and economics.Thanks  DTU  professors for preparing the course contents.
It was an excellent experience for an under-graduate student like me to be informed about the prospectives of wind energy. I am now fully informed about the wind turbines not only about the design but also for the economical effects.
Course is well designed and quizzes are moderately challenging. however i felt some of the presentation were not properly explained and can be improved. It surely is not a course for a person who does not have a technical background.
This course has fantastically presented the basic knowledge of all the sectors related to the wind turbine energy. Lecture materials and exercises all were very much enriched. I want to convey my thanks to the course coordinators.
The course is really good. It's suitable for you who want to get knowledge about the wind energy. Make sure you have basic in engineering, since it requires knowledge from physics calculation  until economic value of the project.
Loved it , i also wanna explore more in this domain of power generation with wind energy. I want to know about VAWT( Vertical axis wind turbine ) technology to create something in that field. Thank you for giving me scholarship.
The course was amazing to take and I think it is the need of the hour , to shift towards other forms of energy especially wind and also solar . Due to global warming and focus on renewable forms of energy , it is in demand now .
This course contents a lot of knowledge about wind energy from principle of wind to grid connection. It's easy to understand. However, it's required some basic knowledge of engineer to understand some theories of the course.
its a good coarse and a tough one too..... im an mechanical engineer and even i was having a tough time going through the coarse .....i think there should me lite version of this course without muchh mechanics included...
This course is a very good introduction to the wind energy industry and wind power especially to start from basics. I do suggest for people to give it a try if they want a theoretical idea of what happens in this industry
It was a very comprehensive course about wind turbines and the industry of wind power! I hope there will be other courses, which would give an opportunity to get deeper into this topic. Thanks for the obtained knowledge!
One of the best courses I've taken on Coursera. It covers a lot of different fields including mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, economics etc. You can get a taste of everything and learn in a very fun way.
Good Overview of all the aspects of Wind Energy. I would now be able to add a lot of perspectives to view at renewable energy as a whole getting to know about other factors that are involved other than my field of study
This course provided me complete fundamental moderate knowledge through which I can start my career in it. i hope i could use these skills for my wind resource assessment with installation of wind farm for my municipal
extremely informative course overall. The assignments are very apt and hence when you complete them you feel you've learnt more about the topic. However, at some points i think the explanation should be more elaborate.
Your couse is upto the mark but i due to high cost of the couse i am anable to pay for it. As i am from weaker section of my family income.Please make a path for me to get the certifide course from coursera.Thank You
I highly appreciate the structure of the course that gives a very good overview of different aspects of wind turbines. I also like the examples and the exercises that are real-life and of high engineering relevance.
Excellent course with an incredible breadth and very knowledgeable professors. Covered the most important aspects of learning very well in a general course. Can't wait to learn more about areas I'd like to focus in.
Extremely well organized, with very objective lectures and excelent teachers. Also, most of the quizzes had a very practical aspect to them. I recommend this course to anyone interested in renewable energy sources
This course will help one to get a very good overview of the Wind Energy Sector. Anyone who has no idea regarding wind energy can get a very good idea through this course. I loved studying this course. Thanks DTU.
It was a wonderful experiences for me. It helps me to develop my basic concept of wind power energy. As the world is moving towards the renewable source of energy, this type of course is very helpful for student.
Educational course. I've learned a great deal to get me into the fundamentals of wind engineering. Some of the math is a little tedious and not completely well taught, but most of the professors do a good job.
I would like to say the course is well delivered and delivers valuable insights into wind energy concept. I enjoyed and I am actually work towards building my own organization to serve my community in Zimbabwe
Very interesting and useful. A lot of material, new knowledge and understanding of principles of wind turbines and wind parks. Useful for beginners and experienced engineers and for people in this profession.
This was a very enjoyable course. I am happy about what I have learned and would suggest this course to anyone who is interested in learning about wind energy. This course is definitely a good place to start.
It was a very nice course, well structured content and full of useful information. Examples provided were really good and help me relate with the real world problems . Overall quite satisfied with the course
This course was really amazing full of knowledge and skills which I was looking for regarding my master's studies. thank you once again to the dtu and its staff for offering this prestigious course.
sometimes hard sometimes a little bit easier but always interesnting, gives a good overview about the subject and if you believe that the future of the energy is renewable you should do this course.
Great course, doesn't just feed you everything. Do need some engineering maths background to fully understand. Would be excited for a follow-up where they go more in depth in each of these topics.
Firstly thanks for this useful course to DTU and Coursera. I think this will help the person who is really interested in wind energy and make the one to learn and go further in wind energy area.
This course is perfect! It is a good start for who wants to work or learn more about wind energy, you really learn a lot of things and apply the physics and statistics related with engineering.
The course gives the basics about every thing you have to know about wind energy. There are many instructors participating, showing the effort in giving a good corse with experts in each matter
Very intersting course, using various fields of engineering (mechanics, structures, fluid dynamics, electricty...) and project management. Recommanded to have a good overview of wind energy !
Very informative course, covering the wind energy basic and its related disciplines. As a beginner in wind energy I am very interested in developing my knowledge in renewable energy sources.
It is very good course. It provide knowledge about wind power energy, which factors affect on it, how to install wind turbines and which steps we have to do for installation of wind turbines
Very good course covering a large array of topic from wind modlisation to wind turbine design. Can be pretty challenging at times which means you have to stay focused throughout the course!
Very very difficult online course & online quiz that I have ever registeration before. very nice teacher very nice quiz (so difficult) Overall is very nice. Highly recommend / Thanakorn Ra.
The course was pretty good in my opinion, it gives a variaty of concepts to understand the basics of wind energy decently and each of the segments are very clear and easily understandable
Great content and view of aspects surrounding wind energy and technology. An all-round perspective is given of this topic. Excellent for kickstarting the studies in wind power plants.
Well organized course. I thoroughly enjoyed learning about the aspects that go into wind turbine design and material properties that determine the feasibility of a wind turbine blade.
Great Course, fundamental but gives a clear picture of wind energy technology from all perspectives. Hoping that more detailed courses of wind turbine will be delivered in the future.
Amazing course wtih practical knowledge based curriculum. The best part of this course is quizes that combines all of the studied material with a brainstorming session. Thank You DTU
It was a great opportunity for me to learn this course from such a prestigious university and from such great lecturers. The quizzes were a bit hard, but all we need is to get going!
I have found this course absolutely delightful! One can obtain knowledge on every aspect of wind energy - why its needed, how its produced and how to integrate into the power system.
this is the excellent course i have learnt till this day.wonderful marvelous ....keep going i will support you ..we will eat the sweetest fruits in the world in a delicious mannner
Thanks a lot for this short but global picture of Wind Energy production. It was sometimes complicated to pass the quizzes but it definitely enriched my understanding of the field.
Some things are a bit complex to understand , but a great coverage of all aspects of wind energy sector ,which will definitely help learners for better understanding of wind energy
Very good course. The modules are very
well presented. The quizzes are adapted
to the exposed level. During the video expositions, spot questions are very good to help for newbies.
This course is incredible.
It gives you a brief but concise explanation of how wind power plants work, their components, operation, connection to the grid, etc.
Highly recommended
Great course! Excellent depth of content, they've chosen the perfect level of it. Gives us a reasonably good understanding on the engineering and market of wind power industry.
Excellent Course to know the basics of  all aspects Windenergy  like, Costing, Design, Various paremeter involed in Design and installion of WE, and Present and future and etc
Very interesing course about wind energy principles and technologies. I recommended to everyone who is interested in renewable energy and want to get an insight of this field.
Thank you very much professors and lecturers of DTU!I've learnt many new things from you and this course is one of the greatest quality course I've ever booked from Coursera.
lecturer is awesome they teach us in very simple language so that ue can and understand easily ,and the knowledge i got fro this wind energy module is very profitable for me.
The concept was very nice & moreover additional book information also provided in the descriptions with language translation. Thanks a lot to DTU as well as to the Coursera.
This course is a good overview of wind energy in technical and economical aspects. I would prefer to have more Aerodynamics stuff, but as foundation is highly recommendable.
I loved this course. it was so interesting and taught by many faculties which make this course not boring. I got complete information about wind energy which is beneficial
Very Great Course, it has everything about Wind Energy with small details on each topic, so if you are new to Wind Energy, like me, it will be a nice introduction for you.
Understanding the forces on wind blade is thread like clear with help of prototype. Electrical systems working clearly explained and was from basic to the recent one used.
I do not have expectation of this course because is the first time i take an online course here in coursera and it was very interesting and helpful. Keep Going Like this
Very well done course with excellent material and instructors! Great overview for all trying to learn more about wind power! I would do more courses if offered from DTU!
I really liked the course and the problems that was mentioned in a systematic approach. Please make it more affordable by reducing the price for purchase of certificate
This course will lead you to better knowledge about wind energy, wind turbine, and its aerodynamics and helps to understand how these are implemented to the real life.
This course is excellent with a lot of real time data analysis and excellent presentation. I am very excited and am looking forward to finish this course successfully.
This course is very informative for those who are new to the wind energy technology. Well structured and simple explanation for easy understanding by the instructors.
Excellent practical knowledge is shared as compared to that in the text books. I appreciate the efforts taken by all teachers in composing this course on Wind Energy.
This is a wonderful course. I was able to know lot of interesting and important information about wind energy and also they are more useful to me as an undergraduate
very informative course really I am so grateful to the all participants and COURSERA and DTU instructors , many thanks to you. the words can't express my feelings. I
Much more challenging than I anticipated, but feel I have learnt a great deal. The difficulty ramps up in week 4 but the videos and other content is very insightful.
Awesome. Help me a lot to improve my knowledge about a vast field in science and technology. I thank this community to offer such a beautiful course. Thank you all.
It was an excellent course during which I have learned the aerodynamics of wind turbine, material required for wind turbine, basics of wind energy and beam analysis
Excellent insight in mechanical behavior of wind turbines. General steps of wind turbine design are well explained and calculations give great sense of engineering.
The lectures, as well as the quiz, was very good, thank you very much and I want to research on bladeless turbine so one suggetions to make a course for that too.
The course was challenging but extremely rewarding and enriching. I enjoyed the content, and eagerly look forward to more courses in wind energy from DTU! Thanks!
A very interesting and pleasant course with the acquisition of crossfunctional skills (Mechanics, Electrical Systems, Materials,...). Accessible to any engineer.
It is a very good Course, if you are interested in renewable energies or wind power, I really recomend this course beacuse it is very complet and undestandable.
I learned more informations, lessons of wind energy. I'm so happy to learned this module of Coursera and DTU . Thanking for your to give this course. Good Luck.
Really enjoyed being part of this amazing course. It was very comprehensive and videos were very well explained . It gave an excellent insight into wind energy.
this course was very informative. more details on  the electrical aspect would have been an added advantage. I was little disappointed with the electrical part.
Very interesting course. outlines and overviewed the subject from all aspects.I recommend all the engineers interested in renewable energy to take this course.
A wonderful multi domain approach to wind energy. you will know all aspects from finance to mechanical to siting to data analysis. best wind energy course.!!!
I am interested to renewable energy resources and my final year project was about that. That's why i find very helpful with this course. Thanks to Course era.
Excellent course to get inmerse or improve in renewable generation with wind energy! Before star the course you should have math skills and engineering basis!
This has been a great course into the basic of wind energy. I feel I understand enough to bring something to any job not too technical regarding wind energy.
Challenging for someone like me who dropped high school physics, but the quizzes guide you in working out the correct answers when wrong responses are given.
This is a very good course for those who want to learn about wind turbines. Assignments are very practical and provide everything to understand the theories.
Well-designed course. It covers all the essential components. However, there are some technical issues such as low resolution when the videos are zoomed in.
Overall it was great. I have learned something new at this course, though I have been working on wind turbines for the last 12 years. Really a good course.
After this course I learned a lot of useful and interesting knowledge. Thanks Technical University of Denmark for a cool opportunity to study Wind Energy.
Excellent course!Suggested for students with some sort of an Engineering background though with some work, it is simple enough to be understood by anyone.
Fantastic Win Energy course: perfect academic materials, complete explanations, totally structured and great engineering content.Absolutely recommended!
An understandable course. if you enroll in this program, you will understand all topic that content in the course. thanks Coursera and DTU instructors.
I would like to thank you all for providing this overwhelming course. It provides a strong overall view about all the aspects related to wind energy.
This course gave me a complete technical perspective of the wind energy, I loved the way the instructors teach the modules, definitely recommend it.
YES .It was great experience to learn from the course era and the topics are very clear and very helpful..thank you course era for amazing courses..
Great knowledge on wind energy. Very good quizzes and hints. To whoever applies, always read every note/hint and dont miss anything, best of luck!
this rating is because I have learned out of my field such as aerodynamics. and learn about different types of wind turbines and many others skills
The concepts are very much challenging for an individual and gives wider knowledge on wind mills designing and materials.Happy to learn this course
thanks for your kindness to letting me and people to get such an important free courses, and really i liked this course and i wish to complete it.
Excellent course. Perhaps, more information like books or articles could be added. I liked this course so much. It was challenging in some topics.
Thank you so much it was a very wonderful course. Thanks specially for the financial aid. Thanks to all faculties and the entire team of coursera
Amazing course with well-trained professors. Thanks DTU and Coursera for making this incredible course available to many people around the world.
This course is the perfect introduction to wind energy. It's inclusive, simple and very helpful to understand wind energy from different angles.
A big Thank you all instructors for this wonderful preparation and lectures . Its really very helpful to get an overall idea about Wind energy.
The course very good however I buy the certificate but I never received, I dont know if someone can help me with that.ThanksAbraham III Molina
It was a great course, very informative, I learned so much about wind energy. The tests was so challengnig. Thanks you so much for this course.
Love the downloadable videos, slides & transcript files.Suggestion: better to add "answer model' file after every quiz as a downloadable one.
This is a very good course. There are  good teachers has a good technical background and experience in wind energy technology .Thanks allot.
An amazing course to introduce the multidisciplinary aspects of wind energy. Full of real world data, examples and exercices. Tks to DTU !!
It was great course with Wind turbine Technology, Aerodynamics, materials, structural mechanics, Electrical system with excellent teachers.
Amazing instructors , the first course that linked the physical data with a practical insight to the industry as well.Thanks a million DTU
It was an amazing course from really good teachers. They tocuhed on every aspect of wind energy with a way that is so easy to understand.
It was a tough course which covered most of the regions of wind energy. As an electrical engineer, I found this course to be very useful.
Very good course, covers all the basics! Some topics are a little bit rushed and I wish they were better explained. All in all satisfied.
I am very happy this course is available.  It would have been a great help 10 years ago as I started working in the wind energy industry.
This is a great course full of challenging things to learn and indeed it is understandable thanks to the splendid teachers that are here
good................i need my coursera_wind energy certificate................kindly accept my request.........send my certificate soon.
Firstly, I got a lot of information about wind energy, and it was very valuable information. I also learned how to build an energy farm
Very nice session I ever seen from my point of view we can able to get the total details about wind power farms how we can install them
Excellent course! Even when we work with Wind Energy, our working topics do not cover all aspects. Well, this course does it very well!
It was an amazing experience over here.I learn a lot about Wind energy.The teachers are too good. Thank you so much for teaching me.
Sufficient material with proper reading material. This really helps me cracking individual test and helps me to learn lot of things.
The economics part of the course can be discussed in detail since the formulas and the understanding is quit difficult to understand
Excellent material. The way it was presented made it comprehensible even when there is quite some engineering knowledge. Thank you!!
The basics were thought. And I like the way the modules were created, simple yet understandable especially for beginners. Thank you.
Got to know in detail about wind energy, and its applications. I thank all the mentors who taught this course in simplified manner.
It's very great opportunity for me that successfully complete this course. It is very interesting topic and the rearranged lecture.
its is really interesting course and easily understandable to weaker sections also and instructors are really a core to this course
That was a great course for the first step to wind energy. It was very beneficial for me to understand basic aspects of wind power.
Everyone should at least review this course once. Its gives you a good understanding of top level of Wind energy. Short and precise
Quite interesting course. Learnt some basics about wind energy which will definitely help me in my career with wind power projects
Very useful the course helped me to confirm concepts acquired in the work and to have a better macro point of view of wind energy.
I really enjoyed the course, everything was interesting and now I have a general idea about the things that involve wind energy.
Great course. I have learned the basics (and sometimes not so basic) of wind energy. Congratulations, DTU has made a great work.
It's useful and I've learned a lot about wind energy, which is really stimulate my interests in the fields of renewable energy!!
although it was a very hard course i have learned a lot of new things i never thought that wind turbines have that much details
Very important concepts were covered during this course. A bit more theory in depth could help students to gain more knowledge.
Very great experience with wind energy course and DTU.Very good teaching faculties.Thanks for sharing your precious knowledge.
The course is amazing, but if you are an electrical engineer as me, take care. This course is about 80% mechanical engineering
If you want to get an idea about the wind energy and the whole process, except installation, it is really useful and complete.
The materials were concise but thorough.Perhaps a bit of improvement on the sound though, to please make it louder.Thank you.
Thought good skills about wind energy in all the aspects in a proper mannaer for easy understandingTq for all the good stuff
Nice Course . explains the deep knowledge of Wind Energy. After having this course i got to know many more about wind energy
A great course. It gave me a brilliant insight into wind energy analysis techniques and tools being used in the modern era.
it is not an easy course at all, hard to do it because has a lot of mechanics but you can do it, need time and study well.
it is too important for all who think to enter the field of wind energy the basics and the starts are there in this course
Very nice course, allowing to learn about all different concepts about wind energy and wind farm conception and operation.
This course is awesome and helpful. I have gain a lot of learning which will definitely improve my MS in Electrical Power
Extremely Concise, useful and to the point. Covers all topics to an intermediate extent. Thanks to the program advisors!
Excellent introduction into the theory behind modern wind turbines.  The course is simply explained  and well presented.
wind energy more useful for energy field because it is continuous source.and DTU is provide nice platform for students..
Excellent course. High quality study material. Interesting and highly recommended to take. DTU WED Team Thanks so much
Awesome course. Love the challenge of the test, and that they were made to learn and apply what you see in the videos.
Excellent course. Very valuable information. Now I definitely want to pursue the Wind Energy Masters Degree from DTU.
fundamental theory about wind energy. it is a good class for someone who wants to work or research in the wind energy
Great course, I am doing my pre-grad thesis on Wind Turbines and this course really guided me through all the basics
This course is very interesting and useful in gaining more knowledge about Environmental studies (about wind energy)
I am so happy my second course complete and I achieved second certificate on this course.Thanks you so much.
Really enjoy this course, i have learned a basis of Wind energy in a very shot time. Thank you DTU Wind Energy team.
Covered a full overview of the total wind power industry. Got basic idea of the whole technology behind wind power.
This course is really helpful to see the landscape of wind energy. I'm so happy to complete this course. Thank you.
It was a pretty decent course contained with loads of new information which was well delivered by the instructors.
Cover almost every aspect in wind energy, but the difficulty is reasonable. Learn a lot as an engineering student.
It has been an amazing course where I have learned a lot about Wind Energy. I would recommend this course at 100%.
excellent teachers, very detailed and complete. i didn't even know there was that many thins about the Wind Energy
The best course which provides us knowledge about the future of energy needs and ways we can achieve those needs.
Great course. Sufficiently detailed and complex. 5 weeks is long enough to cover a course of 6-8 hours per week.
thank you for such a great knowledge SKILLS i WILL GAINWind Energy
Materials
Wind Power
Wind Energy Engineering
it is very good course. You have to provide degree course online.  and add topic about simulation aerodynamic .
I very much liked this course. I gained so much knowledge from this course.I'm very thankful to the professors.
Very nice course. I will highly recommend this course for the individual who wants to learn about wind energy.
This Course is actually helpful for the mechanical as well as environmental students. So, Helpful. Thank You.
I am learning useful concepts I think it will help me in the future as an intro to study a Msc in Wind Energy
Very interesting course, which knowledge you can use directly if you have the luck to work with wind turbines
this is my very first experience of online course through Coursera. it's very good experience, thank you DTU.
Wow what a great time with this course.This course helps specially for those who are working in wind sector.
This is my first online course which was very easy to learn .I think this will be the future of entire world
This course so informative and gathered more practical knowledge which is so impressive such a short course.
Learned several things and enjoyed a lot. Thanking you all faculties for their views and excellent teaching.
Great Mooc, very good prepared and very structured! Not easy if you don't have a lot of time to spend on it.
It's a great course that give you a general idea and main concepts about wind energy. I'm really satisfied.
Broad course that covers all aspects. Overall a good intro , despite some tedious algebra at certain points
Excellent course for a global knowledge in wind turbine. I'll recommend it to all beginners in the field.
NYC COURSE TO LEARN AND GOOD QUIZ TO PARTCIPATE THE ALL COURSE ILOVED IT THANKU FOR GIVING SUCH COURSES.
Excellent overview of full scope of wind energy industry with well-structured quizzes to test knowledge.
Everything is good enough and explanation is quite good and  I loved this course it is very intresting.
Easy to follow and highly useful. Gives a great insight about wind energy for anyone who is interested.
Excellent course. Learnt a lot about wind turbine. Recommended for students in Mechanical Engineering.
Fantastic course. But we need more deep technical information and class duration need to be increased.
Excellent course but very cautious while solving assignment problems. Thanks to faculty and Coursera.
The Wind energy was one of the best courses completed as I've gained much knowledge from this course.
One of the bests courses available in the Coursera. There is a lot of information with great quality!
This course is very useful and creative course, thanks for the effort by the teachers in the course.
very good course which has all aspect of guidance to design a wind farm on land as well as offshore.
The practical approach and the examples discussed made the course more interesting than I expected..
This my first course in Coursera! What a great course! Thankyou for financial Aid... God bless us..
the course is very informative, the lecture are easy to understand and the lecturers are very good.
Very useful Course for Engineers, It helped me a lot to excel my skills.Thank You DTU and Coursera.
Very helpful course. A good way to have basic knowledge about all the branches of wind engineering.
Great course, content is well prepared, I enjoyed using provided datasets for solving the quizzes!
Very interesting course. For me as a beginner it was a great start in the learning of wind energy.
It's a very interesting subject that I learn abot the wind energy and it's importance in our lif.
A must learning topic for the graduated who are willing to enter in the Renewable Energy studies.
Great Course. It is an overall overview of the Wind Turbine Energy and very good to understand it
Thanks so much for the course... It was great and it really helped me get into the wind energy...
Very interesting and good online training to give a beginner to understand the overall concept of
Really nice course!! You get a basic knowledge about all the subjects related to the wind energy!
Brilliant Course. As close as you can get to real time scenario!Huge thanks to DTU for this one!
The exercises helped to develop a clear understanding of the concepts dealt with in the courses.
perfect bases knowledge for wind energy, covering all parts of wind energy industry and science.
This course very clearly describes the rudiments of wind energy utilization in an efficient way.
Well explained , really helpful to attend this course specially the quizes were quite amazing .
Good course to understand wind energy all the lectures were good and contains good informations
I have found this course to be very insightful as what to expect from the wind energy industry.
Brilliant !! MasterClass !! This course will definitely full up all my needs about wind energy.
I think its one of the best courses in coursera but its need a lot of effort to learn it well.
Wonderful Course! The future is of renewable energy! Sustainable development is a way of life!
Its an amazing course, I learnt the most important factors around the wind energy production.
Amazing course it made me study my most interested topic economics and harnessing wind energy.
This course it's a great opportunity to gain a very good general understanding of wind energy.
Very nice combination of concepts and hands-on exercises. I am happy to complete this course.
it is best course for wind energy lerners it is covered all formats of which is required lern
Outstanding course but you need an extreme knowledge of engineering mechanics for this course
It's a very good course. I recommend all renewable energy enthusiasts to take up this course.
A truly complete introduction in every aspect. Very focused in the mechanics of the turbines.
Amazing Course, Covered everything related to wind energy both collectively and individually.
Very very useful for my career! Hopefully DTU can provider more courses or lesson in further.
It's a good course if you want  to get a little idea of how wind turbines work. I enjoyed it.
It is very good course for practice and information. Really, enjoyed this course. Thank you.
This is a great course! It provides fundamental knowledge of wind energy in various aspects.
This is a very good course it includes each and every topic which are needed in wind energy
by this online course, I learned a lot of things and  improve my knowledge in wind energy
Really useful course to know the basic and fundamentals of wind turbines and its working.
Really good course, wide range of topics to get a better understanding of a Wind Turbine.
excellent in all respects, and also very enjoyable to learn again ( at over 60 yrs old..)
Excellent course with a lot informations that can be useful to entire professional carrer
Excellent course, very useful for whose are learning different types of renewable energy
A very enriching opportunity to learn the wind turbines systems. Go deeper into topics.
This course gives a good idea about the working,materials and economy of wind turbines.
Very much useful and helpful to understand from the basic of wind energy engineering to
Very complete and the exams were made to reinforce the knowledge instead of testing it
It really gives an overview of all the aspects that composed the wind energy proyects.
Course is pretty amazing.It covers all aspect from design to economics of wind energy,
I have really experienced some great concepts fruitful from basic to advanced learners
Great content, really useful for a person who wants to know the basics of wind energy
excellent point of view about this kind of energy and general aspects related to that
very great course, if you are new in wind energy industry, you must take this course.
Excellent course! Competent teachers and teaching easy to learn.Thanks, all teachers.
Very good, interesting and comprehensive course about all the aspects of wind energy
Very helpful course for students for making their career in the field of wind energy
it is a very good platform to learn and enhance yourself in the field of WIND ENERGY
Excellent course, simplified and still all the major points covered. Must do course.
It very nice to learn about wind energy but some calculations are little bit complex
very thanks sir/madam , for giving me opportunity to take this session successfully.
This course gave me a good overview of Wind Energy and encouraged me to study more.
great to have a platform like this to learn things better and pursue new knowledge
awesome, great introduction for a mechanical engineer like myself into wind energy
Really interesting course about a basic but complete presentation of wind turbines
Really this course helped me to explore my knowledge in the field of wind energy.
An extremely informative course with all mathematical equations and calculations.
Exceptionally well organized course.  Thank you for all the guidance and support.
All in all a great course, many things i didn't know from my engineering studies.
i learn a lot of things from this course, good course............................
One of the best course about wind energy. Good lessons, teachers and information
very nice course.. I learn detail calculation of various aspects in wind energy.
It is a really good course if you want to learn the basic about the wind energy.
Great course, challenging and very informative to start a career in wind energy.
very imformative and a very good batch of faculty with great explanatory skills.
Very thorough course covering from the wind to each element of the wind turbine!
i learned about rotors winds, renewable energy ,how works  in day and night etc
This Course are very important in the world, can be the comunity are imroving !
OVERALL THE COURSE DESIGN IS GOOD. THE CONTENTS ARE EXPLAINED IN A NEAT MANNER.
Really Challenging Quiz Problems. I completed all the Problems Finally. Thank u
Great course that served as a refresher for me to get back to the fundamentals.
Very informative.  Gave a good overview of the wind power industry and wind tur
Extremely helpful to both beginners and intermediates. Well organized syllabus.
Great Course, for anyone interested in Sustainability and/or Energy in general.
Excellent course on the fundamentals of wind energy. I thoroughly recommend it.
Very good learning experience with lot of insights on wind turbine technology.
this course was very important for me to improve my skills in renewable energy
Tough course but at least I have the impression that I know wind energy better
this course was very interesting and I find this course as a very useful one.
Very good course with introductory overviews of all big aspects of Wind Power
Really a great course to give an overall view of the wind energy perspective
It is a really nice course if you want to introduce in wind turbine systems.
Really interesting to know different points of the WTG lifecycle and design.
Very interesting course about basics of wind turbines, and not so difficult.
Very good teaching. Assignments are more helpful due to real life examples.
its do good for the learners about wind turbines and aerodynamics of blades
I found it quite interestingneed basics of mechanics civil engineers can do
Great course  to have a initial idea about wind energy offshore and onshore
A very useful course. Good course to enhance the knowledge of wind energy.
It was really intense but very valuable knowledge covered in this course.
Such a nice course. Specially wind blade turbine assignment is very good.
A very comprehensive course which is a great introduction to wind energy.
I enjoy to learn new things wind technology. Thanks Coursera and DTU :)
Good course. I could learn the important topics related to wind energy.
Was an excellent opportunity for me to take this course. I learnt a lot
Excellent self learning course. Can be done at a quicker pace if needed
Great course, good information about the main topics of the wind power.
Great course, the instructors explain very well the differente subjects
Really a good course in the field of wind energy.you could learn a lot,
Great course! It offers a very good overview and basics in wind energy.
Thanks for this course... this helps me to increase my technical skill
Great course to learn or review forgotten knowledge about wind energy!
this course is very good for understanding about wind energy concepts.
Is an excellent way to introduce yourself to this wonderful technology
A very condensed and informative course, with interesting assignments.
The perfect course that help you understand wind energy with all facts
Great module, learnt a lot of things. Good to be part of this course.
Learned a lot extra into the topics about Wind Energy - Wind Turbines
Highly insightful course on all the pertinent aspects of Wind Energy.
All the topics are great and with very high standards of information.
thank you very much im so appritiaceted and i learn a lot of things!
very intersting course ,i have  gain high knowledge about the course
excellent development of the issues inherent in wind energy projects
Very interesting and easy to understand, really enjoyed this course.
a really complete course, great knowledge for begginers and experts
This course is so helpful for me and I learn so much in this course
Well structured lectures and nice prounounciation and speech speed.
Excellent course for anyone who wants to learn basic of wind energy
Informative, But needs more worked examples and practical examples
It is very much helpful for my further research, I enjoyed a lot .
It's amazing and very helpful and included many benefits from wind
Great course! A bit hard, but extremely interesting and rewarding!
Awesome, way more of what I was specting. Very clear and didactic.
courses are really worth doing .it helps lot to clear our concepts
great course , great instructors and a great work . thanks so much
Amazing course! I have learnt lots of new concepts and I love it.
Its was a great experience to me Learned a lot about Wind Energy.
Very good introduction for a general approach to WP technologies.
Thank you DTU wind energy and coursera, it was an amzing course!
I recommend this course for anyone who interested in Wind Energy
This course has covered all fundamental aspects of wind energy.
It was a really a great course!! Some speakers were excellent!
Is complete course, contains several topics about wind energy.
An Excellent approach for every new learner, keep it up!Thanks
thanks a world for such a good and informative online classes
This course given me a very good knowledge about wind energy.
I HAVE LEARNED SOMETHING NEW ABOUT WIND AND ITS COMPLICATIONS
Really nice course! It was a start point for me in this area!
To grow up our knowledge & experience...It is nice course....
excellent course. I learn a lot, very complet and recommended
I like this course!  Everything is clear ...Thank you so much
very difficult, dangerous experience, thank a lot everything
Every instructor was great and top it was easy to understand
This course was awesome.I got lots of knowledge about nature
Perfect course for learning technical basics of Wind Energy.
this course is helpful to innovation of wind energy system..
The course is interesting, but some what difficult to learn.
Very useful of this course on future..,Thank you so much..,
This course was greatly helpful and pretty interesting too!
Excellent Introductory course about wind turbine technology
Very interesting course, well organized, with clear lessons
Nice introductory course on wind energy based on turbines.
This course was great and is the ice bergs of wind turbine
It is one of my favorite subject of interest.Thank you DTU
IT IS VERY GOOD COUSE FOR ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS.THANK YOU.
good to learn everybody is easy and helpful to learn fast
Worth every penny, I suggest everyone to take up coursera
a great course containing A to Z knowledge on wind energy
Wonderful overview in short period! Knowledgeable indeed!
one of the best reneable energy courses, hope to see more
Very important course! technical and financial knowledge.
One of great courses on coursera. I loved studying this.
It helps a lot to understand concepts about wind energy.
It's an awesome course with a great learning experience.
the course was very good, the teacher were magnificent!
Is very good explanation problem solving is very useful
Amazing technical overview of Wind energy technologies.
Happy to be learning with DTU! Had a great time indeed
it was really useful for me , thanks for good teaching
It is agood experienceIam so happy to join this course
This is a great opportunity to know about wind energy.
Very valuable for new-comers as well as professionals.
useful and very good structured course study material
It was great and will surely help in the times ahead.
Wonderful course for a starting point in wind energy!
very useful course for my field... Thank you so much
It was really tough yet challenging and interesting.
Great introduction to various aspects of wind power.
Good course. i got many knowledges about wind energy
Very Good Course and clear lectures and Assingments
Thank you for giving this opportunity to coursera..
I really enjoyed this course, it is so interesting.
excellent course. i learned a lot while studying it
Very bright and good knowledge about wind energy.
It was the awesome experience with the teachers .
This course is very interesting and Knowledgeable
I've enjoyed this course, it was such a great one
awesome Question and the way of teach is awesome
awesome course with excellent mentors.I loved it
Great course. Loving everything about it so far.
Amazing class! Well taught, clear, and relevant!
Very interesting and complete! 100% recommended!
THanks for this amazing course Coursera and DTU
this course was awesome for technical knowledge
It's an excellent introduction to Wind Energy.
Great course to get iniciated with wind energy
it's useful course to construct wind plants...
Very Good , Medium-level for an Indian Student
Great knowledge for wind energy.Great lessons.
Idid not receive a certificate in this course
Excellent content of lecture as well as quiz.
It was really good and i got a good knowledge
Topic is easily explained thank you very much
I got to learn lot about Wind Turbine Energy!
Good course as a first step into wind energy.
Its Well Informative course about wind energy
Learning through coursera is quite good.....
I AM REALLY HAPPY BY WIND ENERGY IN COURSERA
It's a great course, many engineering topics
Very educational lessons. Well done! Thanks!
Thanks for every one make this course happen
Great course, thanks to all the instructors
This course was very interesting and useful
Great learning about technology wind energy
The course is full of  benefits and I enjoy
Good introduction course for Wind Industry.
Thank you for offering this module in free.
great work by all team of brilliant minds.
Very Informative course about wind energy.
One of the best courses in the Wind Energy
Really good course. I highly recommend it.
Very technical and interesting as expected
Very informative and gained more knowledge
Intruductory course but very instructional
easy to understand i like this subject min
Very interesting to learning these course.
Useful course for renewable energy sector.
Well and Good, could learn much about WPP
its so good for gain more knowledge......
this helped to solve all type of problems
Excellent course in wind energy by DTU!!!
All was very concrete and well explained
It was a great session .Helped me a lot.
excellent , i learned about wind energy.
best for an sustainable and clean future
Very practical course, will recommend it
IT IS VERY USEFUL COURSE FOR WIND ENERGY
One of the best courses I've done online
It's very good, i thing one of the best.
Your corsala corsh varey haleth full me
This course is simply Amzing......!!!!!
Quick course with important information
very easy to understand and informative
The instructors are awesome!! No words.
Good overview on wind power production.
Very Informative and good presentation
Great Course on basics of Wind Energy.
Thank you so much for nice opportunity
I really enjoyed this beautiful course
So informative, helpful Thanks to all
Nice course for design of wind system
Great way to introduce to wind energy
Very informative, knowledgeble coarse
Really good overview of wind turbines
Quite interesting and well schedulled
Wonderful Course. Highly recommended!
this is really very useful course...
Very interested and learnable course
very intuitive and was brain teasing
Very useful I learn about windenergy
amazing and very challenging course.
Nice course and teaching is to good
Very much useful to my project work
nice course ,i am very enjoy it....
It is very informative and standard
Great course for wind energy basics
it was really great coursethank you
NICE AND SUPER UNDERSTANDING COURSE
really this is very helpful for us
It was a good learning experience.
Very useful course and good module
good experience with online cource
nice platform to learn any subject
nice course with lots of knowledge
EXCELLENT COURSE AND GOOD TEACHING
thanks for coursera for providing.
Good explanations in every module.
Very useful and interesting course
Very good overview of wind energy.
Great introduction to Wind Energy.
Very complete course. I loved it!
The best course on Wind turbines.
Nice & Covered most of the topics
Very nice and very high knowledge
Systematic course on wind energy.
exceptionally well rounded course
very interesting and very helpful
GREAT COURSE! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Excellent approach and resources.
Great course for basic knowledge.
good knowledge about wind energy
This wind energy course is good.
Learnt every thing in detail.. .
The course is designed very well
Very Good and overall excellent
Very good experience, thank you
good explanation on wind energy
moderately deep and beneficial.
Great Course. Thank you so much
The course that changed my life
It's a very interesting course
Very interesting course by DTU
great course explained clearly
I was looking for this course.
DAS IST EINE GUTE INFORMATION
I'm very thankful to Coursera
Very good  and useful courses
very informative and helpful;
i like to learn these subject
Best online learning platform
Competitive but fun learning!
quite helpful and informative
Nice Course for Good Start up
very good and complete course
Awesome course. Learnt a lot.
Great contents i have learnt
Overall Great subject matter
Good to learn something new!
Nice Well Super. So thankyou
Great learning experience 
It's very useful to students
Great learning about wind...
A very Comprehensive Course.
A great learning experience.
very helpful while learning
Very good course, i love it
It was a lovely experience.
I liked so much this course
very good and useful cousre
Very knowledgeable coourse
The Course was very useful
It is really understanding
very much essential course
learn a lot in wind energy
Very successful and useful
Great content. Thanks DTU!
amazing and very important
It was a educative course
Good and Nice Informative
great course, a bit tough
nice & informative course
would prefer a case study
very nice and challenging
Llearn about wind energy
Its an exciting course .
good to gain a knowledge
Very impact full  course
Very Good Course indeed.
It is a complete course.
it was  really worth it
good informative course
It is a very nice cours
BEST COURSE I EVER TAKE
course was outstanding
Nice and useful course
it is very interesting
GOOD and thanks to DTU
I learneed new things
Very nicely covered.
knowledgeable course
Everything went good
great to learn here.
so good this courses
Really informative.
Very iesy to learn
really best course
Very good faculty
Interesting topic
AWESOME COURSE!!
Vwer good course
very good course
it's good course
content was goog
Nice and Thanks
I LIKE SO MUCH
A great course
It is perfect.
It was useful
to much good
Nice guiding
Perfect.....
Good course!
Very cool!
bom curso
Awasome
