It is really slopy and for experienced users, you just waste your time, and for new users, you do not learn how to actually do things, also, there are some mistakes like spelling and repeated options in the exams.
The coresponding files to the videos where missing components and elements at times.The course could have been more effective if it focused on all design aspects of a single project .
The quiz questions were not as challenging as the ones I got for my Atkins interview test.
it will be a lot helpful if we get the videos in details about the topics
Good course, teaching a lot of useful commands and general understanding of the Revit aspects. Unfortunately, some of the Quiz questions lagging (even if the answer is correct it was showing that it is wrong). but it was my be 2 times. Some of videos did not provide clear answer for some of the quiz questions. However, overall course is really good!
The videos were excellent and provided full and clear explanaitions of every topic, easy to follow and at just the right length, nor short nor too long. Very complete files and materials downloads provided though.I found some answers to the questions not correct nor suitable for the topic asked, and that wold confuse me a little somtimes
This course is very educational,especially for professionals who want to upgrade their knowledge about revit architecture.I am grateful for learning this course and want to thank coursera and Autodesk for providing this opportunity.
complete and challenging it gives a good example of what the exam related can be. Pleased to have had the opportunity to follow this course and -proud to have been able to get the certificate at the end.
I found the course to be very educational and useful. I only wish there had been more peer-reviewed assessments, as that was very helpful.
Beautiful, informative. But it needs some review because there are some language mistakes and other unclear questions.
Awesome course great coving of subject and organzation could have been more explanatory and resourceful.
It is really helpful for those who are begginers with Revit and want to improve their skills.
Site detailing could be explained more, like to place roads and other landscaping elements
This course is quite helpful to enhance the knowledge.
Contain some mistakes in the tests.
Revit is the best for architectural
Great to review revit experience
Good course to remember Revit
Ii is the best online learning platform and gives command on revit  architectural ,But hands trainindg required. Tq coursera
Great course to certify your current level of software knowledge, as well as learn and enhance the tools.
It is one of the best online learning platforms to get better knowledge with variable certificate
It was short and concise.  The base things you need to know in order to be considered a certified professional or to be ready to take the certification exam.
A complete & very convenient guidance for learning Revit.It was a great experience indeed.Hail to the Autodesk instructors!
It is one of the best online learning platforms to get better knowledge with variable certificate
This course was really of intermediate level as I found myself struggling at times to get my knowledge of Revit design software correct. I reviewed the course material(video and practical solutions) more than once to answer the multiple choice questions and arrived at a good score. Having previously used this software for office work at a real estate company I am contented to be now certified by Coursera also.
This was a great experience personally for me. Though I had experience in designing models in revit this program provide me such great knowledge which are not very familiar  with most number of studemts such as documentation, work sharing, detail components and etc. So i highly recommend you to follow this course without any doubt. Cheers!!!!!
Honestly, this course has been even beyond my expectations! I learned things that I even did not know that we can do in Revit! Revit has everything that designing a project needs!
This course is really good ,it helps me a lot . I learned a new software from it and it help me to upgrade my skill without going to any academy and institute Thank you.
In this course I have learned many things about AutoCAD.Thank you to the organisers, instructor, Autodesk team and Coursera team.
This is a new way of learning for me.  I appreciate this method and I hope, I can serve well by learning Revit...
This course helped me a lot to understand and work better with Revit. I'm going to make the certification test.
I feel satisfied taking the course. The instructor is good at his job. I recommend this course to you.
Great course for learning and understanding all about Revit concepts in architectural modelling.
It covers all the things about it and now you just need more practice to upskill further.
I really liked it! It goes trough several important topics and explains it in an easy way
the way of explaining is good and it needs to improve according to software improvement
this course was a thrilling experience for me and I enjoyed and learnt a lot of things
Great course, you will learn new things if you aren't proficient with the software.
Really good and very useful even if you already know most of Revit Architecture.
Excellent Demonstration videos and learnt good things from Coursera and autodesk
Great! perhaps there are some things that are unfamiliar and not explained.
I am very glad to learn revit . It is very interesting and handy to use.
The course is good for intermediate and advance level students in revit.
Excellent course..but you can add more veidos..for training
Excellent Course! I've learned a lot, Thank you very much.
My English level is B1 but I can understand these lessons
Excellent course, ideal for reviewing Revit knowledge
Nice Course It is effective for Professional Exam
An excellent delivery from Autodesk to the world.
Very power full and use full thanks Autodesk.
It helps me to understand the Revit BIM app
one of the best course provided by coursera
i learnt a lot from this course thank you
we will gain knowledge from this course.
It was difficult course but i loved it.
Excellent course for basic learning
It was so useful. I enjoyed alot
i learned a lot on this course.
it's great do this course
Amazing Course Training,
good to be professional
Best learing System
best way to learn !
Best Course I take
prefect course
