Aren't we paying for mentors to respond to posts in the discussions?  I don't need to pay you monthly to be ignored while I struggle to learn on my own.
It is very difficult to understand what the hell some of the lecturers speak as they eat up half of the words they speak. Also the transcript of the video shows incorrect words. Have to repeat each damn video a gazillion times to understand
I was able to complete the entire course, however I do see a LOT of room for improvement.The transcript has many incorrect words. If the lecturers are reading off a script, then it doesn't seem like it as many of them accidentally mess up their words. This can confuse novice learners. The slides appear to be the critical portion of the course, with the lecturers explaining what is on the slides and little more.I used Python for this course. Most novice learners will be using IDLE and not touch anything related to PyCharm (or, like me, already have PyCharm Community installed rather than PyCharm EDU and would not like to experience the annoyance of having to install yet another PyCharm). Much of the input for the autograder relies on sys.stdin, which would read files stored on the server. However, for client testing on IDLE, this needs to be replaced with an input() function so that you could test for bugs. Novice learners may not know how to do this and will experience frustration when their input isn't accepted.Many of the lecturers are probably not native English speakers, and that is not a problem. Personally, I can easily understand what they were saying. However, other people who do not have experience listening to those with more pronounced accents may have difficulty understanding the lecturers, and the accents will obviously not help when it comes to understanding new and difficult concepts.The usage of pseudocode is understandable, as people will be coding in multiple languages. However, I would recommend that the pseudocode use names such as "max_array" and "min_array" rather than simply "M" and "m" with the lecturer having to remind us which is which. Same for indexes, don't use "i" and "j", try to use "row" and "column." This will teach us good coding habits (use descriptive names) while making explanations clearer.Of all the courses, the "worst" part of the course is likely the weeks involving Dynamic Programming. Dynamic Programming is a very difficult but also very important. Most novices will have never seen the concept of Dynamic Programming, so the need for a clear lecturer and in-depth explanations becomes much more important. However, the explanations are rushed (which is not good as 2D arrays are being used more and are much less intuitive). Also, I'm surprised they didn't talk about shortest paths/number of paths, which would help people get used to 2D arrays.Finally: Unless you are already experienced in these algorithmic concepts, the time you need to complete this course is probably much greater than the course's estimates. Be prepared to dedicate yourself.
I would like to give this course worse than a 1 star. The course explanations are very poor. The explanations drag on and make no sense. I had to go to outside sources to make sense of what the videos were discussing, which I felt like defeats the purpose. Why am I paying for something when I have to use other sources to better explain. I would never recommend this course to anyone. Listening to these teachers explain each subject poorly was killing me. I like to learn through examples but what they provide just makes it more confusing and hard to follow. Each instructor got worse and worse! The videos were so hard to watch and the accents made it even more worse! I feel robbed from taking this course. I should have asked for my refund within the first week, but I felt since I was paying, I would stick it out a little longer. You will get a better explanation if you take each subject and youtube the videos on each subject. Very useless course. Hated every week of this course and I wouldn't dare to continue with the full specialization program. It's very sad to hear that this course gets recommended a lot, but it missed it's mark completely.
If one has taken the Algorithms 1 and 2 course by Profs. Sedgewick and Wayne, this course will be a disappointment and waste of time.
Def a useful skills to have when starting to interview for jobs. This is a hard course to teach to begin with. I found the lectures really boring, too long, hard to understand and just not really motivated well. I think the homework problem are good, but they are very time consuming. You need to use various methods to find edges cases and though that might be a good skill to have as well, it's just too much to get done in one week and somewhat frustrating when you're only stuck in one test case. I think this could be an excellent course with a few modification on the slides and adding more motivations and making shorter homework problems that focuses on the main part of the material for that as oppose to things we've already covered  in the previous week. At the moment, I don't think I'll continue this specialization the way it's designed.
I tried to have this specialization and canceled before the 7-days free because the explanation is so poor by the teacher.When seeing about Big-O notation is possible to see a poor explanation and most of the time you need to access a content to other source as KhanAcademy. It's not acceptable.
The auto-grader and py codes are a big let down for me. The auto-grader takes too long to produce a result (more than 1 hour) and for me many a times it has been the case. No one from the organizing team spent any time in resolving this issue.The py code is a big let down for me. The way i/o is done is pretty lame. There is no print statement displayed that states "Pls give input" etc... For output you need to do Ctrl + Z and then you see the answer. IMHO this is bad coding for i/o.Organizers need to understand that working professionals are pressed for time and automation should help them rather than frustrate them and lead to loss of time.
I wouldn't recommend this course to anyone. Just go on youtube and search for data structure and algorithms videos.some of the the instructors here have language barrier and it makes it super difficult to go through this course.No help when you are stuck either. They keep making everything too complicated and keep using fancy tough math words. If you are interested in Academic side of computer science take this course otherwise don't waste your time.
taking this one right now and almost give up. I got no support from the faculty or mentor, questions on the forum are rarely answered. If you get stuck in the problem you are pretty much wasting your time. I am not saying you should look at the answer right away, but if you have no clue what to do, answer should be provided to help. BUT THERE IS NOTHING THERE.
This course is a complete mess.1. In week 2 they presented fibonacci numbers solution and they said that runtime complexity is quadratic but in presented solution it was linear.2. In practical task of week 2 they didn't provide sufficient description about what should be done3. Language of some speakers is mediocre
Very unsatisfied. At the end, I feel I learnt nothing.1 - Explanations not always clear2 - Too many exercises in the assignments3 - Some exercise was not very useful and takes much time to understand what they want exactly.4 - Price is too high per month for this course.
I don't recommend this course. The lectures barely touch on the topics being taught, you are expected to go learn on your own. I learned more from the free Khan academy than from this course. It would have been worth more buying good literature on algorithms.
i'm unable to understand why my code is getting an error in your compiler. Because I had checked my code in various online compilers also, It is rediculous and I totally lost my patience since i was trying from past 10 days.
The course is OK. But there is no mentor to answer the question in the discussion forum. So in case of any doubt no one is there to help.
Too bad. I do not know how to run the program on my Mac. The professors' voice also made me annoyed.
lack of proper explanation and no beginner friendly content.
The instructors are terrible at teaching.
one of the worse learning experiences. they might be good at their field and most probably they are, but because they don't know how to teach the output is close to zero. every piece of this course is bad. presentation are either blank reading the slides with Zuckerberg face or some overly emotional recycling from Daniel M Kane, man is stresing every following sentence, it is impossible to follow.Content is classics of former USSR educational style: dry, high context, with some small explanation moments in more easy parts and sometimes completely skipping complex parts. leaving huge parts of material to external sources or complimentary book.Quiz questions are sometimes formulated in some entangled manner so it's a puzzle of itself just to untangle them. not to mention that some quiz format are utter failure, like the one where you have to input 6 digits corresponding to answer option rank.the "best" part were programming assignments. so you work thru the lecture and doing some quiz, somehow you get some understanding of how to solve some types of problems. and then bam 8 programming assignments of which only 3 types where discussed in lectures. what's the point of having lectures at all? i mean, without lectures there would 8 types of problems I wouldn't know how to solve, not a big increase from 5.before I took wonderful course from prof. Tim Roughgarden. It had everything: good presentation style, enough of redundancy in lecture material to get better understanding of more complex topics, nice quiz question with simple answer mechanics and most important, the material you got was enough to do assignments. for some reasons I decided not to lock myself into one source of information and explore other options. waste of time.So if you want GOOD course on algorithms don't waste your time on this one. go directly to prof. Tims Algorithms specialization offered by Princeton
A very promising first week or two, and it went completely downhill from there. This was supposed to be an algorithmic toolbox course. Instead, the course is about trying to figure out what weird edge cases the instructors can come up with. Have fun testing your code with no idea what the inputs are. "This will help you learn" - no it won't because even when the grader magically accepts your answer, you don't know what problem you just solved. The latter weeks, the concepts get significantly harder - dynamic programming is covered in a five minute video of which half is spent on discussing how it came to be called 'dynamic programming', and you're then asked to go solve a bunch of difficult DP problems, all without knowing what inputs are being tested. If you don't mind spending hours and hours on your own going through youtube videos and trying to figure out what is being taught, knock yourself out - but seriously, why give these guys your money, go give the Youtube guys your money. They actually earn it.
I have just finished inspecting the first course, algorithm toolbox, to get a taste of the whole specialization and to compare other offerings in this e-platform. I understand this is a difficult topic to teach but this is exactly the whole point of teaching ! Making complex topics simple to learn and digest. This is my critique of the course in simple terms:a) Quality of presentation slides; poorb) Foreign english accent makes it difficult to followc) Disconnect between topics, I felt the three main techniques covered in the material were disjointed somehow. E.g. dynamic programming has serious gaps and the whole lessons felt like a big black box that you need to fill up with external resources (youtube, khan academy, google search)d) mathematical background and terminology / jargon used overly bloated.
Has there been 0 star option I would definitely give it so. Of many courses which I have completed on platforms like cousera, udemy, edx etc. this one is worst of all. It not anything but wasted my time. I regret enrolling this course. Even after watching videos 2-3 times I often have to watch other videos from youtube. The way of explaining by teachers is not fascinatig. In a nutshell if you are reading this comment please do not waste your time in this course. Rather watch youtube videos or learn from other platform.
This course is so bad, I needed a lot of external resources so i can understand the lectures, the assigments are far from the algorithms explained in the lectures, we cant think and find a solution if we do not get the basics explained well also the usage of pseudo code instead of one programming language makes everything unclear, the names of the variables does not relate to its reference the professors are just naming any names arr1,arr2,... etc so this causes a misconception.
Great material, review- but course setup is not efficient. programming assignments are failed with zero useful feedback, so debugging is unnecessarily too time consuming. In practice error messages are more informative. I am all for encouraging independence and not hand holding, but when the grader says "failed test 7/16, unknown signal 11", Just telling students to "test your code more" is not a good use of their time nor an efficient and effective way of teaching.
The explanations for examples were hard to understand. Sometimes, there was no clue for your bug to fix and you had to dig up tons of external resources to pass the assignments without any help from mentors, and that made the price of this course ridiculously high.
I thought this course would be better, since I saw many awesome things in it. But to me, and I've seen for so many other, it gets really tough as the weeks go by. I want to learn, but this simply isn't being helpful to me OR making me learn something.
pseudo codes are only written, not explained. Even the lemmas were quite difficult to understand from the video. Assignments are great, but concepts could not be cleared.
This is the worst course i have ever participated in when i upload the code you get failed case without knowing the error even though the code works perfectly
The grading method is not user-friendly at all. I spent more time figuring out how to submit my assignment rather than working on my assignment. Not happy
Presentation slides are poor. if sometimes presentation are too complex on that time we better to use whiteboard.
Too confusing, No Proper Explanation. I didn't no gain anything from this course. Worst course.
I want to drop this course but I cannot navigate Coursera to do so.
i learn everything from youtube not from your course !!!!
Too boring and lengthy
It was an awesome first week.  Great second week. From the third week I couldn't understand the concept being taught. It was hard to understand the professor and follow along. The terminology being used is advanced and it was too hard for me to pay for the course and then have to do my own research to catch up.
To much talk about how to calcule the Big(O) and no enough explaining about the content
Bad teaching quality.
This course is undoubtedly valuable. I definitely learned some skills that I am glad to have had real practice in. That said, you really have to do the majority of the work yourself. I have the CLRS book, the Dasgupta, and have watched a host of supplemental videos on YouTube, MIT OCW. This course is not an "all-in-one" solution. It's sorta like a high-level guide and tough challenges and a grader. The videos are decent, but by Mithras' eyelash they can be incredibly boring. Furthermore they don't take advantage of the video medium properly. The visual aids are really sub-par.Also, be ready to repeat the course. I signed up in the late-summer and it took me all Fall. While I certainly was busy, the lack of support, the digging I had to do, the note-taking I had to do, the processing I had to do on my own all added a lot of work. I'm curious as to whether I've gotten better at "taking Coursera Classes" and will have better luck next class. I'm pessimistic.
the material are great so much information and it is the first from the hole specialization but! the explanation is so weak doesn't match at all with this big datathe pseudocode is so distracting and hard to read i always get lost and i don't know is it an array in the code or variable and what does he want to do with itthe pseudocode  should be just a normal english code saying what to donot an understandable signs :\ i am really sad that i couldn't get benefits from this amount of knowledge
Algorithmic Toolbox consists of a series of slides containing slimmed down explanations on introductory algorithmic concepts, followed up with programming assignments. The slides are the centrepiece of the course, as the presenters rarely stray from the bullet points and pseudocode they're comprised of.I learned a lot during this course. Although, to gain confidence in your knowledge, this is a course that will require you to seek out additional materials to supplement your learning. Perhaps unsurprising being an introductory course, but the presenters struggle when faced with setting expectations. Throughout the course presenters often gloss over fairly complex concepts, treating them as they were trivial knowledge. This applies to mathematical definitions, proofs where most steps are skipped, tree diagrams without the context of their underlying theory, or bullet points used in place of what could be detailed explanations.All material is left equally weighted. Rather than providing explanations like: "We don't need to go into detail on this, only x concept from it is important for what we want to focus on. Reference this chapter in this book for more detail." presenters would read mathematical definitions verbatim from the slides and move on. I was often unsure of how much I would need to know about such concepts.In terms of communication ability, the presenters don't hold up against many of the free/low-cost services I'm accustomed to using, for example: MIT OpenCourseWare, Udacity, edX, Khan Academy, Code School, Treehouse, etc. Perhaps unsurprising, as these competing services often feature professional communicators rather than professional researchers. But the marketplace for quality online education is definitely becoming a competitive one. Users now expect nothing less than presenters with exceptional communication/teaching ability.In most videos the presenters read verbatim from the slides and motion with their hands to explain concepts that would be better broken down on a whiteboard. Rarely straying from the slides, the times the presenters go into more depth on a concept, you get a scribble in the corner of a slide, lacking the clarity I've come to expect when approaching complex concepts from master educators like YouTuber PatrickJMT or Khan Academy. After a couple weeks into the course, I just went straight to the slides, read MIT's Introduction to Algorithms, and skipped most of the course videos.But all things considered, the course served as a good curriculum to guide my focus through the introductory concepts, regardless of where I sought it out.
Lack of coding practice.
Even though this course covers a lot fundamentals for introduction to algorithm, the course itself is not designed as good as I expected. For starters, the weekly problem designs aren't very good. Some problem statements are ambiguous and not very clear unless you read more than one time or take a closer look at the examples. Often, the input format/arguments are designed to take redundant info. Some problem even has more than one possible correct outputs, which is just confusing for learning purpose.In terms of lecture videos, it's good that there are some classic algorithm problems being demonstrated in the video, however the linkage between how to express a problem in mathematical languages is poorly explained. For example, in the lecture of edit distance, the realization of the matrix was not well explained at all. I personally appreciate a lot of the thorough proving steps introduced in the lectures, however I personally think the proofs are often not well explained to the audience (I also understand that it's more difficult to explain proving steps). Considering the large variety of audience, I would recommend the instructors separate the comprehensive more in-depth knowledge into optional videos, in this way the audiences could decide if they want to spend time in optional videos or not based on their own needs, meanwhile the instructors could spend a little bit more time to explain the difficult concepts better. Overall, I know that talking and analyzing algorithms can be kinda of boring and challenging, but I wish the course videos could be stated in a more interesting and intriguing way.
The course starts very promising, but it gets worse week after week, culminating on a barely understandable week about dynamic programming. That’s when I gave up and decided to write this review instead, with just one assignment missing to complete the course.Some of the teachers aren’t native english speakers, which is fine, but their english is very hard to understand. I found myself having to watch some portions of the videos over and over again in order to understand what was being said. I tried reading the transcripts instead, but the they’re even worse! It seems that they were automatically generated from the videos, thus suffering with the poor pronunciation.The teachers use mathematical sophistication that feels unnecessary, but to be fair, they do mention it on the FAQ as part of the necessary background. However, even though it’s an online course, they barely use any teaching method besides very raw slides, some dry mathematical proofs and someone speaking about the content. The only resources offered to help learning are a few open source visualizations. I expected much more.The only good aspect from this course are the assignment checkers, which allow you to write your solutions in multiple languages.I deeply regret the money and time I spent on this course.
The course has multiple limitations and can improve a lot more. Two main issues I faced were these:Dynamic programming part one lectures were very poor and hard to understand as a result of which I had to view external sources to understand the topicSecondly, the idea of not showing test cases is a bit strange as understanding the failing test cases do not really come in the way of understanding algorithm, it simply makes the questions much harder and tedious to solve. This completely eliminates the purpose of the course and wastes the time of most students. I am a bit disappointed with this course and didn't see it as value for money.
Update: As I proceed to wk 5, I know why there are some complaint on Dynamic programming, Reduced to 2 stars. Lectures are totally useless for the assignment,The course is really good until week 4 when it deteriorates very quick. No matter how many times I re-watch the lecture, I can't understand much. I ended up using wikipedia for the quiz instead :P I can't use much of the course forum since there are too many posts there and it keep crashing my chrome.This course gets my 3 stars from the first 3 weeks alone, otherwise it gonna be 0-2 stars.
I started the course to gain knowledge in algorithms but I am disappointed. Of course there are lots of assignments to do which kind of upgrade your skills. But I am disappointed with the way of explanation. The explanations are just like reading scripts. Also, they don't give the problem statement properly. I assignments, you would find the title of the problem but not the actual problem statement.The instructors are very knowledgeable but I don't think their explanations are right up to the mark, at least not for me.
These two stars go to the instructor in week 1. I left the course after week 3 because I couldn't tolerate the accents of the instructors. I got frustrated starting from week 2 where I have to reread the subtitles to understand the material. Please let someone who can speak English fluently teach the course, please. The course goes kinds of fast, this is first course of the Specialization and it quickly jumps to Greedy algorithm, really? In general Algorithm course, it is usually taught late.
The videos and explanations are very poor. Most of the time the instructors are reading off a script, and everything feels fake. By reading off a script they are forced to "hand-wave" and do not explain concepts covered completely. The only thing I liked about this course were the problem sets, which were interesting to do. Will not buy rest of specialization, feels like this is just a cash cow for UCSD.
I would say that the lecture part of this course is quite poor. The professor presents abstract concepts and pseudo-code without giving an example. It takes me a long time to figure out what the professor wants to say. He should've given out the example before explaining the concepts. The contents though is decent, and I learn a lot in his course.
Course content was good. Explanation of various problems, solutions and algorithms could be made easier to understand by providing more (intuitive) examples. Overall, the course is good at gaining broad understanding of the different paradigms of algorithms.
I Didn't find it useful for learning as a beginner in algorithms and data structures. The level of the assignments was way too high than the content covered in the lectures and study material.
The time claimed as required for this course is wildly off.. It takes at least 3 times more than 4 hours, allotted for the weekly assignments. In a way, this makes this course very expensive.
Explanations are unnecessarily confusing and of very poor quality especially from week 5. One already has to be an expert in algorithms before taking this course.
The language of the lecturer is soo noisy and can't understand the words.After Listening to the first lecture itself I'm unenrolling from the course.
Feedback in assignment is not good enough.For example, for the points and segment, there are no correct answer in output as a  reference.
The content should be more beginner friendly. It quickly transitions pace to intermediate level. I found week 3 to 5 very difficult.
The programming technique - like DP, Greedy could have been better. I had to go to other website to better understand the concepts.
Some Algorithm are not clear, and the homework submission system is not friendly at all!
Teaching technique can be better and more interesting. Not so suitable for beginners.
Was useful to week 4 after that the explanation of the algorithms became very poor
Need To improve more about clearing the topics and also the assignment.
The course is not very specific for my subjects .
I genuinly couldn't follow it,Sorry!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it's very hard
Maybe it said this somewhere, and I just missed it, but the grading metric is based solely on the number of assignments you do. If you do the required assignments, it will say you passed, but your grade at the end will look like a failing grade (< 65%). Do not take this course unless you have a LOT of time to dedicate to it.The lectures are pretty good, but sometimes it's hard to understand them. The subtitles are wrong in many cases. I give it 3/5 because the material covered is good and for the most part explained well. But the two issues I listed above really limit the value I see in this course. I am questioning if I even want to continue with this specialization.
The content taught is the lecture is not sufficient to pass the practical assignments.I request you to use a dark background on slides.The working of the pseudocode is not clearly explained with examples. I find difficulty in understanding the working of the pseudocode on examples.
I'm giving 3 stars out of respect for the hard work the instructors, Coursera community and course mentors put together to make this course happen, but the quality of the course is at most 1-2 stars. I finished 100% of the assignments even though half of that was required to pass the course, and I have a few concerns about this course:1 - Poor Use of Pseudo Codes. While Pseudo codes are perfectly fine and sometimes extremely helpful, none of the Pseudo codes in this course were intuitive and can be efficiently translated into real codes. First of all, variable names are confusing and do not tell you what this symbol holds at the first glance, just like how the whole course was taught in a mathematical way rather than programming way, variable names are all like i, j, s, t, l .... when we could have made them into something meaningful and readable.2 - Since only Pseudo codes were given, it's hard for newer students to learn how a working algorithm actually looks like and how it runs at each step. I feel that either you already know how to do it, or you can't come up with one at all before debugging for hours. So it is more important to show something that actually works from the beginning, then students can imitate -> improvise -> create. Again the Pseudo codes are terrible examples.3 - DP sections were badly explained,  really really bad ........ any of the YouTube videos and GeeksforGeeks explanations are 10X clearer and more intuitive. I feel like the instructors just wanted to teach the math instead of how to program. But the math isn't any difficult to understand, the key is to convert ideas into codes, and this part was completely ignored.
There is barely any support for this course. On most assignments, if your code doesn't work, you get zero direction in regards to having any clue on how to proceed.
The way of communicating can be improved, rest is good.
problems asked are not explained properly in videos
I agree with some of the reviews here. It's fantastic at the beginning of the course. Towards the end, unfortunately the professor's accent is heavy and sometimes difficult to understand. The subtitles don't help either because they were auto-generated. My brain had to take extra cognitive workload to decipher what was actually said before trying to understand the materials on the slides and everything else. I also didn't like the way index 0 and 1 is mixed in different lectures. Why shouldn't we stay consistent in pseudocode using index starting with either 0 or 1? The slides are confusing regarding this matter especially when you translate algorithms into code.Nonetheless, I liked the assignments overall. The course's instructors included some of very interesting problems and indeed helped understand the lessons better. I also liked the course structure and the carefully prepared slides.
If you're a self-taught coder, then you should take this course. It teaches you how to construct efficient and working algorithm. It's getting harder when it comes to Divide-and-Conquer because it is hard to imagine and also in the Dynamic Programming because the lecturer does not start with the definition of DP itself. The 'language' used by the lecturers in some sense is hard to be understood. Also, the mentors and people in the forum is not so active. I already asked several questions in the forum, but until now there's no responses.The amazing thing about this course is it is the PROGRAMMING ASSIGNMENT. It'll force you to find external references. You have to spend more time than the estimated time from Coursera.
Course is overall great but some cons as per me:1) The instructor`s accent was hard to catch sometimes.2) I know Discussion forums are for students and testing solutions is one of the most important part but after trying for so much time, there are times when one cant catch the failed test case and neither other students(atleast those who posted). In such cases there is practically no other way than to leave that assignment as it is. I just think Ta`s should be more involved in forums and should give some insights when some student has failed after so many attempts. As there are still posts with same doubts as mine which are unanswered from 2-3 months.In short forums should be as great as udemy`s forums.
The problem sets are great and probably worth the price, but the lectures become very hard to follow after week 3 and the discussion forums are very disorganized - it's hard to find useful information. Some of the lectures have slides available, some don't; some of the lectures have somewhat-useful subtitles/transcripts, others have incomprehensible garbled messes (I don't know if they're machine-generated or just transcribed by someone with no understanding of the material/vocabulary - logarithm != algorithm!). I really like the problem sets, but some of the lectures are pretty rough, just a guy talking in front of some pseudocode for 10 minutes. The instructors seem friendly and engaging, though.
I learned a whole lot, but the course wasn't easy, chiefly because of reasons beyond the subject matter. Some lectures were really hard to follow. I get that English is not some of these guys' native language (it's not mine either), so they can't make everything as information-dense as native speakers, but there were a number of confusing parts, mostly in the pseudo code or the general explanation of the algorithms, especially in the Dynamic Programming module.It was an OK experience and I learned quite a bit, but I'll probably be dropping this specialization in favor of another one that tackles similar subject matter.
I've given only 3 stars because of the two reasons:1) Grader for programming  assignments is very language specific. I submitted java code and the response was "failed case", when I submitted the same code using python I got my grade. This happened many times with me.2) Sometimes explanation of few topics is very poor. I've to search for the same topic on internet for better understanding.Still, I learned many new things and enjoyed doing programming assignments. If someone wants to learn about Algorithms from basics I'll definitely recommend this course.Thank You
Not bad overview of greedy, d&c and dynamic algorithms however the examples within the lectures and the way they were presented was not often clear. I found much better ways of explaining these elsewhere online with more cohesive and clearly connected thought processes. I'm new to this and maybe it's just the way i think and my lack of background but the way subproblems were integrated back into main problem were either glossed over or considered so "obvious" that they weren't worth mentioning.
I really had a hard time understanding Dynamic Programming. I recoomend to remove this topic and focus more on solidifying foundations so that students can be more prepared for moving through the whole Algorithm Courses. I never heard of this topic before and the lecturer ommited many steps when explaining the Edit Distance. I was forced to look for other resources like Open Courseware Algorithms course, and this is how could understand what was dynamic programming easily. Hope this helps!
Overall is good  course with many exercises, forum is supportive, however mentors/instructors never answered my questions (i guessed they bothered only with the very first session when course was launched) Language is sometimes overly complicated and hard to grasp the main principles of the algorithm (e.g. dynamic programming week 5) I watched youtube to understand same ideas but explained in much simpler way.
Material is good... But a bit explanation lacks while teaching by the instructors... It would have been better if more elaboration was provided... It seems that in some of the videos the instructor was just reading from the slides and not by their knowledge. I wont be recommending it if you have already a prior knowledge of the topics.1/5 to instructors4/5 to material4/5 to assignments3/5 to references
The learning curve becomes very steep towards the end of the course. Also sometimes it's difficult to understand what the instructor is speaking and the transcripts aren't very good. The assignments need to have some more problems in the easier category as it's only by doing many problems one gets hold of a concept. Although the difficult problems help , but they tend to be more demotivating
The course is good overall but I worry that for the non technically oriented the examples are very terse and could use more visual linking and vocal guidance on what the variables in the examples actually are, and the thinking behind the code presented. There are also a ton of implementation based gotchas depending on the language that a green developer is likely to get hung up on.
the assignments are very good. Every assignment has different levels. these assignments are the best thing in this course and  they are the main reason that i continue this course. the explanation in this course isn't good enough. i open other sources in most of the topics to understand the course. the course explanation isn't enough to understand the course.
First 3 weeks are very good and brilliantly explained but I lost my way from Week 4. I had to refer to many external videos on YouTube and other sources to complete the assignments.Also the Ungraded tools don't work at all. I believe that they are an integral part of understanding the concepts and they should be fixed.
Week 5 and week 6 videos and tutorials were not clear enough for anyone who  was getting into dynamic programming first time. It was not properly organised and the videos were barely of any help. Other than that rest of the course was good and helpful. I would have given it 4 stars if it weren't for the last 2 weeks.
The programming assignments are top-notch. Really tests your algorithmic skills. That being said, I didn't find the instructors explaining the algorithms clearly.  They were vague in that aspect. They would just tell what is in the slide and would not make efforts to clarify the tedious parts of the algorithm
The content is very good. But I don't understand the material well in weeks 4 and 5. Maybe you need to emphasize a bit on it, and put a little bit extra effort in the slides to make the algorithms more intuitive and more understandable. Also, maybe split the idea behind an algorithm into more than one video.
Content is good, but could probably make it more fun to learn instead of just run through the theorem and pseudo code. The tone of the narrative is always the same like I am listening to someone with no emotion, and it sometimes makes me sleepy. Now I occasionally play the videos just to fall asleep faster.
While the content is fine and the assignments do help with learning algorithms, I feel that the teaching material is quite lacking and dry at times - to the point where discussions and some external hints go a long way in guiding the learner to truly understanding the assignments and underlying concepts.
I rate this course 3-star because the good aspects er that the instructors explained the problems very clearly but the assignments were pretty tough but I kept failing and it showed me I failed the test cases, but the did not define what are my problems and for that this was very frustrating for me.
I like the fact that we get to solve many problems on our own every week but in all the lectures, instructors explain things only vocally and it's also very fast paced. It was really difficult to follow compared with lectures where instructors write on the white board while they are explaining.
I had already done "Algorithms: Design and Analysis Part 1", so this course was not as good as that one. This course had lot of programming questions, which I find very good to have for any course. I just hope next courses of the specialization will be beneficial for my career.
From a beginner's point of view , course explanation on concepts are good, but their explanation on programming is very confusing and not clear .This is a good course to understand the concepts on a beginner level , but doesn't give you a clear idea on a deeper level.
there is no reply after i asked a question in the forum.the instructors in the videos could have made the explanation a bit simpler and more graphical representation for the algorithm could have been used. it would really help lot of people understand better e.g- me
This is a good course and I really want to thank the instructors for taking the time to create this wonderful course. However as a beginner, I want the week 5 ( Dynamic Programming ) really tough to follow and wish if there could be more resources for Week 5.
a lot of stuff was vague, the videos not enough but the assignment is good and the grading system is average since it leaves you in the middle in the desert and does not tell you where your code breaks like input and expected output to debug with
This course covers important aspects of techniques used to solve popular problems. But it misses to cover introductory points in some modules (i.e: dynamic programming module) as well as the accent of some instructors isn't clear enough.
Dynamic Programming modules were not explained with clarity. I understood the DP Tables for some of the questions only after looking at external sources. However, the rest of the topics were fairly well explained.
very detailed and highly efficient course to learning algorithms but  some more focus should be given to solve assignment problems...as  they were very tough for a average guy like me...thank you
Nick Rhodes' video sections are terrible: He stumbles, mumbles, and mis-speaks (words don't match slides). It would be fine for a live lecture, but for something pre-recorded, it's awful.
It was a good course...But the gene problem was left to be solved and on top of all please take instructors so can speak british english,It was quite difficult to understand their accent.
1 professor just did not make sense to me. do not just read out the pseudo code but instead try to visually show whats happening step by step with arrows and calculations from scratch
The course starts well but then falls especially in the dynamic programming part. The explanation should be at least comprehensible for those with an average level in mathematics.
There should be more illustrations and a more comprehensive introduction to every topic.Discussion of a topic formally before introduction to the problems would be better.
The materials covered are not enough to fully explore the topics. Should include much more detailed explanations especially when explaining some of the complex algorithms.
it was very difficult and sometimes very frustrating to understand some of the lecturer because of their very thick accent. other than that it was good.
could not find out whats wrong with programming assignments. Atleast we should be able to see what test case we are failing. Assignments managed poorly.
It could have been better with some programming examples. It became very difficult to grasp the algorithm especially in the dynamic programming section
I find difficult to do the programming assigments without lots of extra reading and lectures from other sources. More explanation and examples needed
While it is possible to muddle through this course and retain some of it, understanding some higher math and Big O notation is pretty essential.
Dynamic programming sections should be more decorated and contained more lectures to improve gradually and create control over this topic...
The pseudo-code is not that good to understand quickly. Please can you code in one language say C++? It will be easy to understand that way.
Some of the lectures are poorly explained, you'll need to review those 2-3 times to understand. Other than that, good course for beginners.
it would be better to change the way to submit assignment. its hard to coding in local and upload file every time to check my code.
The accent is sometimes difficult to understand. The course structure and syllabus are good but the assignments are very unclear.
This course is very useful and widens one's brain. However, I always felt there was something missing in the explanation
The best thing about this course is the assignments but the course material needs to be discussed in a better way
The person who teaches ...His accent is quite different and difficult to understand ..rest the course was good
Lectures are very confusing. Instructors should use white boarding to explain codes. Difficult to follow them.
This course is great in providing lectures but programming assignments are so long it will take so much time
Instructor was good but was not able to make us understand the concept easily..Need to be more ellaborative!
Content/ vedios are not so great as I thought of, Problems are challenging, you will learn a lot from them
Sometime explanation wasn't clear for me and I had to repeat the same video more than once to understand.
Pretty challenging and makes you think out of the box! More resources for reading materials can be added.
To be honest it was a okay course!After week 4 it became very difficult to understand the problems....
Great course content, but the delivery of lectures was really average and difficult to follow through
try to present more problems especially for dynamic programming and comes with a better explanation
Explanation needs lots of Improvement. The problems are very hard comparing to the explanation
The course lecture videos could have been more detailed and should cover all the algorithms
Algorithm Assignments at later weeks were tough and had an intention to opt out of course.
The lectures were more narrative oriented and hence felt boring and monotonous at times.
pretty hard course, person need to have prerequisite knowledge of better programming.
lastly some proffessor with a russian accent make difficult to be understand
I enjoyed it, but the instructor was a little hard to understand at times.
Teaching exp. with writing and execution of example problems can be added
dynamic programming not explained properlyi had to read it from outside
the way of explanation can be improved (especially dynamic programming)
Accent of teachers is very bad. The course could also be more refined.
The course explanation was barely sufficient and often times confusing
Don't cover all the concept you have to search a lot to be good ..
Homework was very nice, but strong accent of lecturers impeded me
course should be more fixable and provide IDE for run codes
Questions are real tough but , the overall course was good
I think the communication by tutors could have been better
This lectures of this course must have been in more depth.
NEED TO IN MORE DEPTH AND MORE TOPICS NEED TO BE COVERED.
subtitle does not match with audio.unclear explanation.
I think that video lectures can be made more detailed.
Weeks 5 and 6 were a nightmare. Very poorly taught.
More clear explanation with examples are needed
Few videos in week 6 are not loading properly.
I learned a lot with the help of this course.
the teachers were good and explaining well
The assignment questions were very tough
Can be made a bit easy to understand.
Video Explaination should be improved
Need to more practise question
explanations are not so good
A little light on the theory
subtitle donot work on pc
Not well designed course
Advanced for beginners
kind of difficult
The course content is really great. It helps with learning algorithms in a very neat and organised way.However, the grading system is little bit hard to use. It is not interactive by any means and breaks sometimes with changing behavior.
Pretty good, lots of good practice but it gets extremely difficult later in the course. And since this is just the first course of the specialization, I think this specialization is going to be tough as hell
language of professor in a dynamic programming part 1 is tough to understand and makes he concept even harder to understand through videos.(this is only for week5)
The lectures are hit and miss. Some are helpful, and others are pretty hard to follow. The coding challenges are helpful.
The course content is very good and is must have if you missed that stuff in colledge. It teaches of algorithmic analysis so you know which algorithm is more efficient, gives some examples of cool techniques and provides challenges to apply those techniques.However, there are things that I hate about this course. First of all this is about forums. They are broken down into sessions and there are too little people on each session. Staff provides exactly zero help. If you are stuck, you have no hope on these forums and will need to find help somewhere else.Programming assignments are great, they are relevant, interesting, challenging and the automatic grader system estimates not only if we get the correct answer but also the efficiency of our algorithm. There have been some problems in divide and conquer section though. I've been struggling with implementing binary search (which is quite a simple algorithm!) in JavaScript to pass the assignment for weeks. I've written and rewritten it in different ways, done hundreds of manual and automated tests, posted on course forums (receiving zero answers) and have gotten the same error again and again. I was able to solve this only by switching to Python. I am quite sure there is a mistake in the test case, which cost me hours and hours. Overall, the programming assignments are very time consuming and lack of support and not showing test cases make things worse.I do not like that we cannot see the test case where our program fails. Perhaps, if you could figure out a test case that might fail in your program that would make you a better programmer but I felt more like it was wasting of our time. The main thing is to analyze the test case that fails and understand why, it will bring the same result without wasting time and feeding anger, Some lecturers have a strong Russian accent, that is very distracting. It is not a lot of work to take some English pronunciation training before making a course, isn't it?Overall, I enrolled for the specialization and planned to buy it in full but bought only this course to start with. Now I am glad I did that because now I am not  sure about buying the other courses and will look somewhere else first. Anyway, the creators of the course have done a great job, which is highly appreciated. I believe you can make this course much better by fixing the issues I pointed above.
The course is awesome and hold immense value for anyone who is new to the field of Computer Science or just wants to add to his or her repertoire the amazing world of Algorithms. Algorithms are the basic tool of any Computer Scientist and are still in constant demand and development. The course develops the knowledge of this very important topic starting off from the basic and slowly but steadily building towards the apex.That said, the course sometimes becomes a bit heavy and multiple reviews of the same video is needed to completely understand a topic. Algorithms is not a topic made for spoon feeding and this course treats it this way.The professors are awesome, each one with their own idiosyncrasies which is both fun and interesting at the same time. The level they go to to make a topic clear is appreciable. On this note I would really like to mention Prof. Alexander Kulikov for his brilliant way of teaching and making each topic his playground with his real life scenarios and "toy examples".Overall, this course has blown me away. Thanks to all that made this course and in the end thanks to Coursera.
I learnt a lot! I loved the programming challenges given for each week. I made sure to solve all the problems and not just the required amount to pass the specific week, each week has a mix of easy, medium, hard problems. If you only do the required amount of problems to pass, then you might end up skipping the hard problems. The hard problems are challenging. One thing I did not like about the the course is help on issues posted in discussion forums, I did not get any help yet on the few times I posted in the forum. But many a times the questions one will have would be discussed previously, so make sure to go through the discussion forum to find if your question has already been discussed if you had one. I liked that they taught how to write stress tests, but its not easy to come up with naive solutions some times and this where better support from TA's would help.
There are a number of things I would improve, chief among them the forums are difficult to navigate or get meaningful info about what a solution might look like. Part of this is probably a (spoken) language issue, another is probably the level that people come to the course with. Also, at some points there are some true disconnects between what is taught and what you are expected to figure out. Other modules feel about right (week 5, for example). I feel like many of these issues could be resolved by 1) providing the data for the samples in the pdfs as part of the starter files, 2) managing the starter files as a github project where issues can be raised and tackled. Overall though, really great information and I am excited by the level of knowledge I've acquired through thinking about these ideas deeply over the last month.
I like the course structure and material. It starts off easy enough to get you interested and then throws at you challenges at early stage, if you are up for it. What I don't like is video session itself, some of instructors talk too fast and dwell much into topic, assuming you understood everything. And as way to composite that, they offer a "resource" links to help you understand.Then some of them have "hard" accent, it's really difficult to follow them even for native speaker, yet alone for those whose English is second language.  Now exercise and assignments are spot on but you are forced to relay on other sources to grasp everything. I doubt anyone taking this course has not reached for "outer" help at least once.
This course is good, challenging as well as relevant. It stresses more on how to classify any computer science problem and apply the appropriate technique( divide and conquer, greedy or dynamic programming). Learnt a lot  from teachers. Some of the topics can be hard to understand but one should not give up. Listening to video multiple times, working out on a paper, may be referring a  youtube video would definitely help to understand the concepts.  Since the concepts are deep especially in dynamic programming, one may find it not very clear during the first attempt, but as I said one should apply himself a lot for the better outcome. At the end its a good course, please go ahead and take it.
I loved this study . Having  busy  working days ..its hard to sneak and decide how and where  to get started with some challenging studies like Algorithms. This toolbox just gave me worth the money head start to algorithms.The assignments are the highlight with lots of flexibility of choosing various programming language like ( java python haskell c cpp)  to submit code in. Icing on the cake were the starter files.I was overdue for  assignments ( Oops !)   but it was very helpful that coursera kept me on toes by sending timely reminder mails to not give up !  ( How cool is that !) . I value it !Thank you team ! Special thanks to Mr.Alexander .
Overall this was a good course. Some of the presenters need to work on their presentation skills (personally I had no problems with the accents). I also felt that the sections on dynamic programming seemed a bit rushed and I needed to spend a bit of time researching this on third parties before I felt comfortable completing the exercises.The grading system was really cool and the exercises seemed well thought-out and thorough. I'd recommend this course to existing developers without a computer science background. Those who want more mathematical rigour should look into the Tim Roughgarden/Stanford course.
Excellent course with clear lecture and interesting hands on exercise. However, as fun of learning in a deep way the content I retain the number of hours as underestimation of the real commitment that is needed. In other words, a lesson of 10min video it might requires 1-2 hours of study just to truly understand the concept and also look for other resources to explore more detail of it. Done as at full time is achievable to finish the course in time with a great understanding. Excellent course to give you a guidance on what needed to be study as a base for future courses (my case "ML path")
It was overall a great course. The only problem is that it gets very dry at times and hard to pay attention when they explain very fine details of implementations. It can feel a lot like sitting in class with the instructor reading from a textbook. For sure, the Divide and Conquer needs a facelift. The videos focused on some pretty intense details and jumped all over the place. Other than that the exercises are really awesome. They start you off with an average difficulty problem and provide some advanced level extra assignments if you want to really dive into that particular subject.
Without any doubt, I can say that the assignments are amazing! I 've never seen such good challenging assignments. You can only do them if you get the concepts. The lecture videos can be improved like explaining techniques of how to think to solve a particular coding problem. As assignments are in particular sections we are able to directly apply that concept but in the real world, it doesn't work like that. We have to think about which concept to apply to solve the problem(like divide and conquer,  greedy approach, etc..). Anyway, this course is best to check your skills in coding!
People who like to learn by practicing would like this course. A variety of questions at different levels of difficulty are provided in the assignments, which reinforce the 'algorithmic thought process' that is taught in the lectures. The accent is sometimes hard to understand but subtitles are helpful.To potential learners:  Good understanding of recursion and basic data structures like array, vector (C++) will be quite helpful during the course. The estimated completion time on the course home page is probably 30 - 40% of the actual time taken to complete the course.
Really helped me with what I am terrible at - how to optimize my solution for runtime and memory. For context, I do not have any formal education in software development and am self-taught so the difficulty of this course was exactly what I needed. (Maybe someone with more education might feel that this class is easier  and did not go in as depth.) Did not give this 5 stars because of how buggy the submission/solution checking software is (for BinarySearch, without changing the code, I got a different runtime with every submission, which either passed or failed)
The contents on dynamic programming is not as easy to follow. I think the problem is that there are many symbols in the pseudo code. It is hard to follow the explanation while trying to figure out what each of these symbols means for the first time. Other than this part, this is a great course. Some of the technics are really useful. The assignments have clear instructions, and some of the problems are quite challenging and pushes you to really understand the week's contents.I would recommend this course for anyone feeling weak at algorithm.
Some of the lectures was really bad and the instructor wasn't able to convey the context. I felt that I needed more illustration, example and intuition to get the idea so I had to go to other resources which to understand some topic which was really time consuming.-The exercises were really good and help me to learn a lot.-Some code stating skeleton were misleading-I wrote my codes in C and it was really hard to implement exercises as some assignment required complex data structures such as dynamic sized arrays which C does't have
The questions covered in the course were of good quality. The assignment problems were quite challenging as well. I'll definitely give a try to the ones I didn't solve. Also, puzzle-based learning was a great thing. However, the explanation of concepts could have been more detailed and clear. It felt sometimes like we are unable to imagine or relate to what they speak, and it starts from around Week 4 when the level of problems discussed was too high but very little time was given comparatively. Overall it was a Great Experience!
Good amount of resources included to help learn the topics of the course. The estimated time to complete each week is quite misleading, however, at 5-8 hours per week. I ended up needing more like 10-15 to even pass most of the assignments as they are quite difficult. It's also frustrating that they are your only grade in the course as I often felt I had a good conceptual understanding of the algorithms presented but did not know some of the underlying mathematical concepts necessary to solve a lot of the problems.
This was an amazing course for someone with a very minimal background In DSA! I learned a ton not only about the solutions of common algorithmic problems, but additionally the process and thinking in order to come up with my own independent solutions. The only point of frustration for me was when a hidden test case caused me to debug for hours even though I would have learned just as much if given the test case. Overall though, this course is definitely recommended if you want to start your DSA journey.
I did not know much about data structures when starting and had to figure them out by myself to complete assignments in the final two weeks of the course, which unfortunately took a very long time to figure out. It turns out that the relevant data structures (particularly tree lists/arrays) are in the next course and it would be good if I knew about this beforehand.Otherwise, the course is very good and teaches how to think about problems to solve them and not only solve them with pre-made solutions.
Lectures and quizzes are okay, assignments are great to make you think deeper about the topics. I have to agree with a lot of the other course takers that you get very little help from the teaching staffs.  However, I do feel that the discussion forums are enough to help you through all of the programming tasks.Programming assignments aren't really friendly to Haskell's list, and vectors are not available. If you use Haskell, you'll be forced to work with arrays or sequences, which are not as nice.
Course content is good (the interactive puzzles,quizzes and assignments) but the explanations get worse as the course progresses. Especially the dynamic programming weeks, they are not explained very well but the examples done in those videos thankfully make some sense. Take the course realizing that you will have to seek other sources from time to time and strive hard to get it if you're new to this, but the questions and puzzles do end up making it worth your time, so decide accordingly.
This is the Dark Souls of MOOCs.  Tough but rewarding when you complete it.  Easily one of the most beneficial courses I've taken on Coursera.  In my opinion, it's up there with Andrew Ng's Machine Learning and Deep Learning courses.  No fluff here, you have to really learn the material to pass.  There are some small flaws in the course,  material isn't always adequately covered.  So definitely use the forums and outside texts and videos. Overall though, I would definitely recommend it.
It is very good course with very good material.My negative point will be only on the last 2 weeks (dynamic programming) as the videos shall be more detailed with more examples for better understanding, I did not understand everything at the videos.Positive points: Instructors are very good, the assignments is very challenging, however they are common problems.Also the splitting of the content is very useful and helps a lot. Thanks for the great effort!
It's a great course i learnt many thing about algorithm, c++ and solving problem efficiently.
I began two week late this Course so, i decided to complete the minimum required in the homework; i thought in complete it after, in the  final week, but the course finish when you get more than 60% of the course,  i can't improve my califications :/. So my advise is try to finish the most quantity of the work before submit the last homework, and work hard.
The problems provided were really challenging but rewarding once understood. However, I found the instructors often hard to understand in the sense of their explanations. Rather than the use of just pseudocode, I prefer to see the use of the intuition of the pseudocode via an example. In addition, I often found the mentors and instructors to be non-responsive in the forums / discussion boards. However, this class has definitely taught me a lot.
Really challenging, starts easy but gets heavy and time consuming after 3rd week. 
Be prepared to study additional material and spend some hours cracking the weekly assignments. Satisfying when you accomplish it. Maybe a good idea could be to combine algorithms and data structures and separate in 2 courses Algo & Data Structures 1, and Algo & DS 2. 
I feel, a better knowledge of DS could have help me to solve the Algo assignements faster.
I liked the course - it has very good balance, with some challenging  tasks, but not too hard for smart learner. Good job! Getting 100% grade was fun.On other side minimal passing grade is a joke. You can literally get the certificate simply by implementing given pseudo-code in language of your choice. It hugely devalues the certificate, especially so without Honor track and no "with distinction" certificate offered.
Nice and tough course.  Make sure to plan ahead for the homework if you expect to complete all of the assignments above and beyond what is required.  After finishing the course I switched my session to the next one so that I would be able to complete all the extra assignments.  It can be tough juggling this class if you work full time, and have other projects outside of work that demand your time.
Near the end it becomes a slosh to get through all the information covered in the last two weeks. It feels like you are given some hints and pointers on what to do, but for the most part, the last two weeks are being tossed in the deep end and hoping you learn how to swim. I want to give a 3.5 but that's not allowed. With the amount of content covered this course is closer to a 4 than a 3.
Solid material.  Majority of the lectures are clear and are a nice logical progression.  I didn't have to resort to external materials apart from 1 problem.  I love that you're required to submit code that gets compiled & tested. It's a much better learning tool than just videos + multiple choice questions.  I'm looking forward to working through the other courses in this specialisation.
In total, I learned a lot in the course. The programming assignments are really hard but if you stick with it, it is very worth. One thing I didn't like that much are the explanation videos - here, the team could improve. A bit more informal "intuition" explanation would help a lot to create a better understanding of the material (e.g. like Prof. Ng in the Machine Learning course!).
The course was excellent with the video explanations providing a solid foundation for working on the programming assignment questions.  If I was to recommend anything it would be that maybe you can improve upon the video lectures for the divide and conquer section of the course as I had to read upon a lot of external sources to get the gist of the ideas discussed in this section.
Coursera is one of the biggest online MOOC providers. it offers quality courses and specializations from world topmost universities and organizations. It offers courses in most popular subjects such as engineering, humanities, mathematics, business, computer science. I personally enjoyed this course a lot and recommend this for building a good strength in algorithms.
This is an informative course and has a lot of information. Most of the topics are taught well. Where I had the most problem was Dynamic Programming. It was a new thing for me and I had a hard time understanding it . Some concepts of DP are not taught that well, so I had to look up on youtube and different sites but in the end, I have gained a lot from this course.
I learned a lot about algorithms, but I honestly felt very, very hampered due to the degree that the course was based on Python fluency. I do know some Python, but this course really expects a lot more knowledge than I was led to believe when I signed up. I'm not sure if I'd recommend the course to anyone with less than a professional-level knowledge of Python.
The course has good material, but the programming assignment evaluation has some drawbacks. It returns back with error message saying 0 points as Test #34/70 failed without indicating what failed and what is the student supposed to correct. With these limited feedback it is very difficult to resolve the problem and score good on the programming assignments.
Overall I like this course. The beginning of the course was very light and easy to follow. As the concepts got more in-depth, the weeks (namely 4 and 5) felt rushed and somewhat incomplete. Regardless, having never been exposed to this type of material, and for the price, I would recommend this course to anyone looking to get their feet wet with algorithms.
This course is a very good course but according to the problems the mentor should give us more detailed information on topics so that we can improve our DP, greedy, divide and conquer approach. The given sessions are not sufficient to do real problems. Otherwise, I want to thank you to all mentors they teach us in a very brilliant way. Thank you so much.
It's a really good and challenging course.High quality materials and assignments.I would have given it 5 stars if the last week was explained a little bit better. I had a feeling they didn't put enough effort in the last week, at least not as much as in the first four.Anyways, generally this is a really good course and I learned a lot! Recommended
The course can be a little tough if you do not have  a basic idea of algorithms but if you go through the recommended readings, it is a really fun course. The quiz between videos are relevant and make you think about what you just learned. The programming assignments are not tough but will ask you to rattle your brain. All in all a great course.
Great exercises. My only complaint is the last 2 weeks, the instructors weren't visual enough. They kept using hand gestures and not enough concrete visualizations of some of the steps. There were a lot of concrete visualizations for the big ideas... but not enough for all the different material and intermediary steps they were trying to teach.
The material was very thorough and the programming exercises challenging. I liked how you could do the exercises in a choice of different programming languages - doing the exercises is necessary for really understanding the material. Some of the readings can be downloaded for free online (in earlier releases) and this is worth the trouble.
Very instructive and informative, helps resolving many doubts.Excellent examples and programming assignments, information provided by autograder is just about right.I feel like the programming assignment is just a tad too relaxing, for dynamic programming for example, I think we need to complete 3 out of 5 in order to pass, not just two.
Overall, a very good course. Really its truly amazing that this course is pretty much language agnostic and you can use whatever you know or feel like. Really frees you from the esoteric details, to focus on the algorithms themselves. Do wish the last chapter on dynamic programming could have been better explained or split into 2 weeks.
The course gives a good overview on the algorithms types and problems, but it's cannot be used as standalone source of algorith,s learning. You should use good textbook as well.The programming challenges are really interesting (and challenging), sometimes it took for me a couple of evenings to complete all five week assignments.Thanks!
I loved the difficulty of the problems throughout the course, and I was properly challenged at every step. However, I feel like the 5th and 6th week needed more thorough and clearer explanation on dynamic programming. The videos alone were not enough for me, and I had to lean on a fair number of external sources to learn the material.
Too much content I think all the type of algortihm are in one course like dynamic programming and greedy algorithm . This will take more time to complete and understanding. But still overall this course is very good . problem statement are good and forum will help in many ways. I have already completed 2-3 course offered by UCSD .
Dynamic Programming concepts should be improved. I have to see others videos for fulfilling the concepts. Knapsack tables or other tables essential for dynamic programming are not good in this course. It should include videos for a better understanding of how to code. Otherwise, this course design is very good and helpful. Thanks
Programming Assignments are simply brilliant. However, explanations are not clear, partly due to the instructors language. Nonetheless i would recommend this course. (Note: My programming language was python. I don't know about other languages but don't take this course in C, if so you'll curse yourself for taking this course)
The course subjects are nice, and the problems are interesting, I only have a couple of issues. Dynamic Programming issues are poorly covered, not as the rest of the topics, and sometimes you struggle more with language-specific caveats than the problem itself, definitely, the programming language options should be wider
Great course. Would rate 5* if there was more buildup along the lines of stress testing in the early assignments. Your code is only as good as the robustness of the testing. If you don't follow a test-driven methodology, you don't really have a solution even if you pass the grader. A great resource for the community.
The course is really good and knowledgeable but I expect to see week discussing recursion with memorization and backtracking and I think it should be included in one of the two weeks of dynamic programming.The assignments are really useful and some of them are difficult and most of them needs time more than stated
I felt that the explanations related with Dynamic Programming were hard to understand and keep up with, i had to refer to external sources on the net and YouTube.Apart from that i learned quite a lot from this course, their were many at times were i found the explanations really easy to understand and intuitive.
I like the way the professors explained using real-world scenarios and toy examples. However, the dynamic programming section was a bit complicated and I had to watch additional youtube videos and read additional articles to fully grasp the concepts. The dynamic programming videos can be further improved.
I thought this was a great course and the assignments were very fun. I needed a lot of outside reading to learn enough to complete the problems. It would have been great to have more resources that were deemed by the teachers to be useful. Overall I really loved it. Excited for the rest of the classes!
the course was too good it changed my idea of thinking towards solving a problem it just lacked some support like test case error's does not notify us for which input our output goes wrong some time it passes a lot of test cases yet fails at last although it helped me how to figure out corner cases.
This very wonderful lecture for a student like me who has not much experience of coding by this course will get enough assignment for practices and that also important for the course evaluation. for me, it's a great experience with algorithm tools and this knowledge to apply in my domain of study.
The course was very helpful in understanf=ding the working of algorithms and building up your own strategy for different similar questions. However, I was expecting a little bit of more code related help in the last part of dynamic programming. Nevertheless, it was a wholesome learning experience.
The content covered in this course is great. However, I hope there was a more efficient way to communicate with student. I hope there is a way to bring student together like a group chat function in the coursera app. So, people who want to be more committed can communicate more often and effcient.
It's a wonderful course in which I learned details of greedy algorithm, divide and conquer algorithm and dynamic programming. However, the assignments is a little difficult and sometimes I couldn't come up with an idea at all. I hope the course would offer detailed answers after a period of time.
the constraints condition are very strict while submitting the assignments, like in knapsack in week 6, is was getting unknown signal 11 while i was storing values in 2d array, when i changed the array to 2d vector i got the correct output on the grader, else overall was a good experience
Great Work! thanks a lot to the Coursera and Course instructors.Some test cases shows only wrong answer not any information about why and what is going wrong A little hard to find what is wrong with your code specially when it gives the current answer with examples on the pdf file
The course is pretty much useful and helped me a lot to understand hard algorithmic techniques. The explanation was very good,, and the Assignments covered all the ideas in a professional manner and were not trivial especially the advanced problems were  a great challenge to me.
Great course. Quite challenging. Unless you are already familiar with the material or have a background in mathematics I think the estimates for study time are a bit optimistic. The videos are clear and thorough, but quick. Might take a couple views to connect all the concepts.
Videos are very well explained, the exercises comes with several difficulties, good to apply what you learn and push a bit more. I was able to retake some stuff that I've forgotten and learn new stuff. As a 12 year experienced engineer, I'm please that I took this course.
This course helps to learn the techniques to write the optimised solutions for a program which is very much necessary in today's world of competetive programming. Its a very good learning experice though I faced problem in understanding the dynamic programming concepts.
Having time left on the last programming assignment in week 4 and not being allowed to complete it was a downer. I'm not sure if this was bug or if I'm missing something. The course was great and challenging. Thank you for preparing, organizing and teaching this course.
The course is pretty good. It covers main ideas of solving algorithms along with general problems that can be solved using highlighted ideas. However, the fifth and sixth weeks weren't so exciting because of the lack of the explanation regarding dynamic programming.
Good content, I really enjoyed learning the concepts, thank you! However giving only 4 stars because in some cases explanations/proofs were hard to understand -- and I'd find a YouTube video where someone explains the same thing very clearly in just a few minutes.
Content of this course is very good for fundamental algorithm work. I have learnt a lotIn the divide and conquer section, nevertheless, I found the lecturer speaking quite fast and it would def help is he can explain things in more details using more layman terms
An excellent and methodical approach to learning algorithms and their related data structures (as well as appreciating the value and importance of efficient computing). Also a great refresher even if you have had formal training in Data Structures and Algorithms.
The course was great and it focused on the most important and prominent algorithms in programming but the lack of solutions using proper syntax made it really difficult to implement the explained algorithms, often causing me to search for other sources the same.
I wish it had some kind of introductory course to it, I know it's not the most advanced one, but I still had a harder time to complete things than I thought! This also might be the whole point of it, but overall the course is very complete and thrilling to do!
It's a great course on algorithms. The problems are designed in such a way that one gets a deep understanding of the concepts learned. I also liked the interactive tools which were used to create an intuition of the concepts to be learnt in the upcoming part.
Overall great course and challenging programming assignments.  My only critique is that some of the lectures (especially dynamic programming lesson) were difficult to follow.  A little more attention to the delivery of the lectures would have been helpful.
I have found this course useful. It cleared my basics and I was finally able to overcome the fear of coding. However, I found that the video lectures were a little tough to understand and too straightforward. Rest, I can I say I have learnt a lot. Thanks!
The course offers a good overview of some of the major algorithms. The programming assignments are designed really well. I wish the lecture of some parts could be more elaborate, such as change money and edit distance. I really enjoy Alexander's sections.
There were great explanations and perfect problems regarding each topic I can definitely say that my programming skills have improved with this! Thanks a lot!The only complaint I have is that some of the professors accents are kind of hard to understand.
Everything is awesome except a minor mismatch between Niel Rhodes's and Alexander Kulikov's presentations in Week 4. Although Prof. Rhodes prooved Master Theorem in the first half of the Week, Prof. Kulikov didn't use it estimating algorithms asymtotics.
The assignments are of great standards and is challenging which is great for a learner. The videos and the materials are of not much help to understand the concepts in detail and often have to rely on  simpler You tube videos to understand the concepts.
Testing cases are claimed to be generated randomly, in that way why can't we get the random test case to improve our result? Also, there is no example code after the course, if I didn't solve out the problem I may never have the chance to work it out.
Very Good courseAll the concepts were explained very well, barring Dynamic Programming. That could have been a bit more detailed. The programming assignments were fun to solve. A must have  course for people beginning their study in computer science.
The course was really great and the teachers were also fantastic. I would suggest this course to all the people interested in algorithms.However, I would like to suggest to add some more examples, so that the concepts will be thoroughly understood.
Lectures were clear, for the most part, and the homeworks were fun and instructive.  Material on dynamic programming might have been clearer.  Also, notes and references to texts would have been helpful.  Thanks for putting together a great course.
Very good course! A lot of practice and exercice, that is what I expected. Some of the lectures are difficult to understand, it mainly depend on which teacher is explaining. But I mostly they follow an example well chosen to represent a concept.
First four weeks of the course were awesome,some exciting problems,insightful teaching but fifth week's content I felt were not up to the standards of first four weeks.Nonetheless it was great experience.Thank you instructors and course forum.
Awesome course which dives down into the basic computer science theory and mathematic fundamentals. I had a lot of fun with the programming assignments and learnt a lot from them. Ideally, I would appreciate a disclosure of the test cases.
The course questions are phenomenal. The information provided is not very extensive but you can google any time. The accents do make it sometimes tougher to understand otherwise it is one of the best courses you can learn Algorithms from.
Coursera, please develop your coding assignment submission process similar to codeforces or hackerrank, Uploading CPP file every time is very irritating, it would be great if you develop an online IDE through which we can submit our code
The material in the course is good, but the lectures only partially prepare you for the programming assignments. A lot of the learning is fairly self-directed. I would have liked a little bit more in the lectures, but I did learn a lot.
I thought all of the section were great except for Dynamic Programming 1 and 2. I was a complete novice to DP and it was really hard to understand, as I feel like the lectures never covered an overview of DP. But overall, great course.
i think the implementation  with c++ will be more clear, and about some lectures i have search on google to understand that algorithm that shown only in lectures without explanation. a lot of thanks to every one works on this course
The course was nice and explained many things, but it could have been better with more code examples. The dynamic programming part was nice too but a little bit of more explanation on the instructors part could have helped better.
The course is oriented towards developing basic algorithmic thinking and skills. It's a great course for beginners.The one thing that can be improved is to more it a bit more practice-oriented as in terms of programming questions.
I took this course mostly because of the exercise problems, the problems are interesting and you can learn a lot, the lectures are good, but still rooms for improvement, so far so good, looking forward to the next course. Thanks!
This course has very challenging problems specially the last 3 weeks. I think that it could be better in the sense of explaining more deeply about dynamic programming, and it should also provide easier exercises for warming up.
Decent course, in the last couple of weeks the difficulty really picks up and the provided lectures are no longer really sufficient to figure things out, but as long as you know how to do your own research its still manageable.
It would be great if there is a session at the end of each lesson that illustrate the lesson through a problem in less academic way but overall the course is great and walks through very important problems
with great lecturers.
The course is well structured and homework is interesting and challenging, minus 1 star only because some teachers have really heavy accents and bad English pronunciation, so I had to mute sound and watch videos with subtitles.
The material is decent. It could be presented in a better way. Algorithms are mostly just explained verbally, which is sometimes hard to follow. It would help if some of the algorithms are explained by writing on the slides.
The accent from teachers would be a little bit annoying, also the fact that most of the topics (incomes, outcomes from the programs) are unclear for a naive student. But for the rest, is a great way to introduce programming.
This course is excellent. Many lecturers with many tips, techniques and experience. However, some lecturers' English accent are not very good. Therefore, sometimes it is hard to understand the whole content of some lessons.
The course was awesome ..The content ,the problems were all thought provoking - couple of times i had issues understanding the language of the instructor , sans that it is a very very good course and a must take i would say
This course is great to start learning algorithm. I didn't know any algorithms before this course. this helped me to kick start my competitive programming journey. Hope I'll complete the rest of the specialization soon!
very good course and material but more examples and illustrations are needed specially towards the end of the course I barely made it solving the bare minimum to pass,yet it i still a great course and i learned a lot .
It's one of the awesome courses available in Coursera where you can learn different types of algorithms for solving complicated problems in an easy way. It also taught me how to solve any problem in an efficient way.
The dynamic programing part was not up to the mark. I had to go through many lectures on youtube (specially of MIT) to understand the same topics. However, the Placing Parenthesis problem was explained properly.
Great Algorithm course. It would be better if they can give more general and helpful guidelines on design Dynamic Programming Algorithm because it is really hard to come up with the correct recurrence relations.
The course was really helpful for me to understand Algorithms which is the basics of programming. However, I feel the 'dynamic programming' part had to be elaborated a bit more. It seemed a little bit rushed.
Great for review of algorithms. I've seen most of these in university Algorithms courses, but this was a great refresher. Coming back to these now, I have a greater understanding than when I first saw them.
There are great subjects and in general the course are great too. the only thing that i would like to mention is that there are some places that should be explained more deeply especially in case of week 6.
It was a good course on algorithms, having many programming problems to practice including some standard problems. Which helps in building concepts and can use these concepts for solving many variations.
This is a very good course to learn some the basics of algorithms. It is also good for people who want to polish their algorithm skill. Very good for learning Dynamic Programming and sorting techniques.
good technique  implemented for learning and exploring about big data(primitive) handling, and other study stuffs and additional slides are quite helpful to understand algorithm and its implementation.
The content is full and helpful. I've learned a lot.Some instructors should've used the marker while explaining to walk through the codes instead of just putting a slide and talking on the background.
Great course. I would suggest to improve pronunciation of some of the lecturers, add more material, lower the concentration of the material (by prolonging or splitting the course). Great work, thanks!
As the title suggests, this course will give you some tools/techniques in terms of algorithms design and implementation. You will probably also learn from doing the programming assignments. Enjoy!
Great course for stepping into algorithms. But some portions have bad lectures like for example explaining the theoritical reasoning for finding safe move in week 3 greedy algorithm is very poor.
Content and explanations are absolutely great, the only thing that need to be improved is the way of working with exercises, would be great to have something similiar like HackerRank or leetCode.
Pretty good course on algos . I have already done algorithms in college and know in depth about it  and is doing it to get a certificate just for a job . I am impressed by the way of teaching .
It becomes very hard to cope up with the course at the end. I hope more explanations were provided so that we can understand the concepts with more clarity. Nevertheless it was a good course.
This course is very helpful as it teaches you the various ways to solve the problem. Also, it gives details explanation of the algorithms taught in the course. I really liked this course!!
Good collection of task and learning materials. Definitely worth it!  More numbers theory and algorithms reading could be included. But agree, it better to read books referenced.Thank you!
The accent of the tutors was the only problem I faced...but that can be overcome by the subtitles. Otherwise a benefiting course to the enrolled students and the ones who want to enroll
More information should be given for the  failed test cases.  Is a waste of time to find bug if you don't know what the bug is.   ie test case 4/13 in the minimal dot product assignment
This is a very helpful and good platform for doing practice because practice makes perfect. Thank you so much to Coursera and the team for these kinds of study stuff and mentoring me.
The assignments are quite valuable and with their help, I have improved my algorithmic skills. However,  it will be better if the video materials can give a more detailed explanation.
good !! but there should be an option of submitting each question during assignment so as we can get an idea of whether we should proceed to next question or have to do some changes.
I really liked the course design as it included programming assignments along with course lectures. Except for some errors caused in the submissions, everything else was just fine.
The programming assignments are great. They are not easy and really make you think and work. Some topics should be better explained. Especially in the Dynamic programming lectures.
basically it is good but if its website is responsive in mobile phones too then it become easy to view videos in mobile phones as i have faced many difficulty  in watching videos.
Highly recommended as it helped me a lot in my week areas. I recommend not to skip any portion of the lectures as every part is important. Week 5 and Week 6 are really important .
Michael Levin should make more slides for explanation (with step-by-step examples) how Alex Kulikov and other mentors did. Also, it was difficult to hear only his broken english.
Very hard topic explained good. I had to get help from other videos(outside this course) explaining some of the algorithms in detail. Other than it was a good experience overall.
The assignment are perfect. They are comprehensive and pretty challenging. Although, I believe the lectures could be a little bit better organized. Specially the last two weeks.
The Assignments and the Syllabus are Good. But The explanation of the faculty is not that great. You would need to read external material to better understand whats happening
The course provides with impressive problems and guidance. A must for anyone learning algorithms. Though it is a bit hard for beginners but giving it a try is the best idea.
Course content can be improved. Week 3 starting video lectures are very hard to understand. The Instructor himself not able to memorize that what he is teaching to students.
Its an amazing course ,covers many of basic algorithms.I would surely recommend this course if you are just beginning in the field of algorithms or competitive programming.
The course was fun and the problems are really amazing, it is well structured as starting of the course is bit easy and then the toughness of programming question increase.
I dont think anyone can keep up with the explanation of DP pseudocode, ironically went to watch youtube videos instead for explanation of code. Good course other than that.
Everything is good, except the test cases in the assignments are not given. It takes a while to debug without test cases. At least we should be given the failing test case.
Not well explained. Do read the resources and spend time on YouTube and stack overflow to understand the concepts. Otherwise definetly a challenge and an interesting course
Nicely explained , enough for solving the assignments. Good for understanding various techniques used in solving different and almost all  possible problems efficiently.
The course is overall good with lots of info but the explanation is little bit less in my opinion and its not that easy to tackle . But at the end you will learn a lot.
The course material is very good indeed, but some of the instructors were somewhat difficult to understand because of strong accents. Subtitles were largely inaccurate.
The practice question helps with solidifying the understanding.1 star less, as this could be improved by giving dry run of as an example for algorithm implementation.
Course content generally was interesting, though explanations were sometimes hard to follow. Slides could contain more information to make the matter easier to grasp.
Some instructor's accents were sometimes confusing, and the subtitles weren't good enough, but everything else was splendind and the exercises were well-thought-out.
learnt a lot new and challenging, but quite complex to understand several concept with the lectures need some additional exploration for the complete understanding.
Overall, the course is good, the programing problem is challenging, demanding a lot of thinking. I hope the explanation of the algorithmic can be more clear though.
It is a little difficult for beginners but worth it. This course helped me understand the basics of algorithms. Should do this if anyone wants to learn algorithms.
I learned a lot in this course and it was sufficiently challenging. My only qualm was that some of the pseudo-code was hard to understand and slightly misleading.
Most of the lessons are useful, but some parts are not much clear for me, so that I need to find some other materials. The programming exercises are challenging.
To complete this course you should be familiar with programming. While the first weeks are relatively easy to follow, last ones are really hard to keep up with.
Overall a pretty great course. It was sometimes difficult to understand the tutors (due to heavy-ish accents) but the material was taught in a top-notch way!
This is an awesome Course. I'd like that the failed tests, of the  submitted programs, to be shown, in order to have a better idea where you are doing wrong.
The course content is very good and well explained, the one problem I met that I felt that some instructors in some videos are just like reading a script.
It is an excellent course. It would be better if visual illustrations were to be displayed with the pseudo code, rather than after explaining pseudo code.
I found the course to have some really helpful approaches to solving algorithmic problems when test inputs are unknown. Great "Toolbox" for a programmer.
Alexander Kulikov, Michel Levin and Neil Rhodes are awesome teachers. Every topic of this course opens a whole new dimension of concept. It was awesome.
Week 6 of the course is little bit hard as compare to the initial weeks and the rate of increment of difficulty is high in the last part of the course.
Highly informative, touching on all the key areas while remaining succinct. Problem sets were excellent – only suggestion would be to add more of them.
The assignments are really hard as hell especially of dynamic programming. After 4th week , i had really a hard time understanding even the lectures.
The course will make you stronger in programming ever, as it will make you focus on time and space complexity and focuses on thinking out of the box.
The full course should be available with the assignments for the non payers. Only the certificate of this should be provided to those who have paid.
its good enough to give better understanding of how to approach the different types of problems and solve using some of the algorithmic techniques.
Course tends to get really difficult in the dynamic programming weeks but nonetheless it is very carefully crafted for maximum clarity of concepts.
Hi, the course was really good but you could emphasis more on content from week 5 and 6. I fell it was a bit short to solve the problem statements.
The coding challenges are incredibly valuable. Would have liked a bit more in depth mathematical explanations for the Dynamic Programming sections.
It is hard and best course as well, it took a lot hard work to come with algorithm. Problems with recursive approach was hard to debug/implement.
the content if very good, but lecturers are terrible. you better read slides and read any book you like.  watching their videos it wast of time.
Good course.But I wish there was a final assignment which covered all the weeks like a module exam to revise what we have learnt in all 4 weeks
I like the course. I've learned a lot of new things. However, I felt like I needed more detailed info and more examples on some of the topics.
Great course. Problems were quite fun. Would appreciate more if the recommended book was supplied with course instead of buying it separately
This course was really helpful for me to enhance my knowledge. Assignments were the best part of this course and that builds the confidence!
Great course to follow along, I love how the homework assignments have the input template already in place so you can focus on the algorithm
The content is not enough and very less. And I understand for an online course this is enough, I had to refer external sources many times.
It is REALLY informative, but Assignments are VERY challenging. Sometimes instructor are difficult to understand but nevertheless amazing.
It is a challenging course. The mentors have presented the concepts in a good way.The approach of designing algorithms is well understood.
This is the best course on Algorithms and Data Structures online. This course ended up helping me in problem solving. I am very grateful
good course, explains types of algorithm pretty well. Too many assignments associated with the course which makes the course lengthy.
Perfect lecture for study algorithm...eventhough I started from scratch in data structures and algorithm knoledge, it helped me a lot
Explanation by the instructors can be more detailed and more explanation is needed along with more examples for better understanding
I had a little problem with the Russian Pronunciation but rest assured everything was good.The concepts were explained wonderfully.
For a beginner, it would be better to provide the test datasets as it can help learner find the bug in their program. (Too ACM now)
It is a brilliant course, well organized and pretty interesting. However, the problems are not as challenging as one could expect.
the teacher explain the algorithm elaborately, it really useful for me. And the OJ is excellent, I really recommend this course.
Week 1 to week 4 was very descriptive but I didn't find the dynamic programming part descriptive enough to understand in depth.
Great course. The only thing i'd like to change will be the accent used in teaching videos. I was hard to understand sometimes.
the instructors except daniel kane are really boring . they dont seem like they have 1% enthusiasm, the assignments are perfect
it's quite good course which explain implementation, unfortunately book that can be bought as e-book doesn't contain solutions.
I see no active help on the forum atm. 2nd part of dynamic programming is not explained detailed enough. All the other is fine.
The chapters about "greedy algorithms" and "divide and conquer" are well done. The one about "dynamic programming" lacks depth.
It's a good course, but I think that the lectures could have been better, especially those related to the dynamic programming.
Useful course, but difficult at times to follow. The last few weeks get substantially more difficult than the first few weeks.
very good explanations for greed and divide and conquer algorithms but dynamic programming explanations were not good enough.
It was an amazing month-long learning experience for me. I got this course with financial aid of coursera.Thanks to coursera!
the contents and teachers are top class.but i had a little difficulty on understanding some of the teachers pronounciations.
While few algorithms are given, concentrating on each one are helpful for a deep understanding. Subtitles could be improved.
Programming assignments are well structured in such a way that it encourages one to continuously improve upon the solution.
It was an awesome journey! I learned so much in this course. However, I think the assignments should be more extensive.
Some videos are not clear and you have to read on your own about some algorithms. But the material an content was good.
Topics in dynamic programming could have been explained in a better way and problems could have a little more variety.
Course is good, but nobody to respond in discussion board. I wish instructors/mentors available for clarifying queries
Please improve  the video narration of some teachers as it gets really confusing sometimes what they are talking about
All the lectures are nice, but instead of materials lectures should be more. All over very nice course for beginners.
It's great course for the beginner who doesn't have many foundations of the algorithm, especially Dynamic Algorithms.
Really challenging course... But it requires some level of knowledge pre-requisite.. else it is more time consuming..
Assignments are of very good standard! I'd say they are tough and challenging which was the best part of the course.
It was difficult but somewhat easy to understand,even though I didn't have enough knowledge of mathematics to start.
Great fun for long-time professional. It's worth it to review these algorithms, as they're still interview material.
Very nice concepts explained but I found myself having to repeat videos very often to understand a concept properly
Was a great review of the tools you'll want to be able to pull from and communicate through as a software engineer.
There are some issues are needed to be more detailed, and opposite some easy issues are explained too meticulously.
its overall nice but sometimes the instructor makes it boring as if he's just teaching without any interaction.
It was really a good experience with coursera .I really enjoyed and also learned a lot .So thank You so much...
Hi,Please cover few more examples on O(log n ) and O(n log n). O(n) and O(n2) was easy to understand. Thank you
I enjoyed learning creating new solution and how can a particular problem can be solved by different approach.
Some  algorithms were exceptionally good like greedy algos  but divide and conquer algos meed to be improvised
Real good exercises were provided and the explanation to all the algorithms was also detailed and to the point
Fantastic course. Week 5 did not have enough explanation though. Apart from that the course was very valuable
Good course. Helps one apply their mind and solve. I only wish it had more exercises for asymptotic analysis.
everything is great, except it would be highly desirable to see the correct implementation of all the tasks
As a largely self taught programmer this is filling in important information I failed to pick up on my own.
Lovely Course. I like the small task in between the lectures that helps a lot in understanding the topics.
awesome course. One can do this to when they are a beginner. good course structure and awesome instructors
Some more tough and mind challenging questions should be added. A little intro to competitive programming.
all the content and exercises r awesome. I only found difficulty in last week bcz of English pronunciation
all the topics were taught well and teachers are quite experienced and got to learn a lot from this course
Amazing course ,  but if possible should include implementation of more searching and sorting algorithms.
Pretty interesting and challenging. Some algorithms were not explained with much clarity towards the end.
The overall course was very good however the edit distance lectures were very fast to grasp the concepts
Very good course. It illustrates many algorithms using simple ways, short videos and readable material.
The level of assignment problems is very good. We can learn a lot from the completing the assignments.
This course is really amazing. i am learning lots of algorithm and many new concepts with this course.
instuctors no longer check the discussion boards. So it's a hassle to get the right answers sometimes
Nice coursegood practice problemsawesome explanationbut is not language specific, may be good or bad
so presenters were hard difficult to understand; subtitles/closed caption didn't make sense at times
Practice questions were very helpful and explanation was also awesome.Thank You very much coursera.
Graph Theory Algorithm is still not present hope the course will get updated with the graph theory.
Very good course, would be 5 stars but let down by Doctor Pevzner's hard to follow lecturing style
Cpp codes are not best run by the compiler used, change the max time limit allowed for cpp codes.
Please Review the Lectures for Week-5 as they are a bit difficult to understand and follow along
Great course! Very challenging algorithms though, and there is not a lot of help from the course
The assignments are a bit too time consuming and are more than what I need to learn and practice
I feel week 5 lectures would be easier to grasp if more explanation was available in the videos.
Great course, however some assignment are really difficult and the forum seems not very helpful.
I really think this is a good course, but some of them is hard to understand for me as beginner.
Loved the course but it was difficult sometimes to grasp what the instructor was trying to say.
Very Good course little tough on the dynamic programming section but really awesome teachers.
This course is really good. I can learn many thing from this course.best course on algorithm.
A little shortage of more difficult tasks explanation, but all in all it was worth the time!
Course is generally not bad but some lectures were a little bit poor. Exercises were useful.
I learned a lot during this course, and hopefully, I can strenghten more of my coding skill.
i feel a bit of diificulty in understanding some concepts.But the assignments are top class.
I think that some assignations are too difficult, and some indeed few explanations are poor
The course is great. Assignments are pretty challenging, I learned a lot from this course.
Well structured course, helped me understand how to use the different types of algorithms.
Course covers most of the classic algorithms problems.  There should have been final exam.
The assignments were really great. The greedy lectures would have been more interesting.
Assignments are difficult. Instructors are good but the course might seem a little fast.
It is a great course. But explanation could be made simpler in proof part of the course.
The Course is very informative and educational. It has come to benefit me in many ways.
The dynamic programming classes could be really improved, but, overall, a solid course.
Once they dig into the material, the difficulty ramps up, and it's absolutely worth it!
The course structure is very good. But the slight problem I saw is the teaching style.
Good Beginner Course, Just wish the Explanations were a tad bit clearer to understand.
Some weeks were a bit hard to follow, but ultimately I learned a lot from this course.
week 3 is the worst part of this course. the explaination is not clear niether helpful
It was great to learn Data Structure and Algorithm for such a great university of US.
Course is enough good but I was having English language issues which was mine problem
Amazing course, learned a lot.There could be more practice problems instead of MCQs.
It will be good idea after solving a problem to be able to see a referent solution
Thank you ! Problems and slides are very good but lectures are not up to the mark
Explanation could have been more clear, especially for polynomial multiplication.
Dynamic Programming section could have been explained more and in an easier way.
The techniques learned were very useful, But learning them was such a hard job.
great assignments and quizes but teaching videos are not that helpful sometimes
DP is not such clear. I have to read a lot from other place to understand it.
The course was great. It could have been better with more problems to solve.
Teaching of algorithms can be done more elaborately for better understanding
Nice course. Explanation needs to be better but great work liked it. Thanx
Great assignments. They are really the key to building the thinking muscle
Great course, helped me in moving from brute-force to optimized solutions.
The course was really good and helped me understand algorithmic thinking.
Optional more difficult/advanced should be given otherwise good course
Great course.But please improve the teaching of "Dynamic Programming".
The Course was really informative. But the staff contact was very poor
It encourages you to investigate and generate new ideas. Good course.
this course is very helpful for me.thanks for provide me this course
It is nice that the algorithms are "free" from programming language.
Some of the videos weren't very explanatory but overall it was good.
The only, issue: we does not have the data set to validate our code.
it was a really good course..i had learned a lot from this course.:)
It was really nice to learn various new things through this course.
Explainations can be better last two, rest all modules are awesome
please provide the solutions to the problems after evaluating them
Good course, somewhat theoritical but enjoyed the disscusion forum
Really nice course for starting the algorithm study from basics.
Very helpful in getting up to speed with real world algorithms.
Great course, but a few more algorithms might have been added.
Not bad at all, but some confusing explanations at weeks 5-6.
It was good experience with this course. I really enjoyed it.
Dynamic programming could have been solved and taught better.
The Grading system and the Scenarios needs some improvements.
A little more explanation of the source code should be given
Quality questions but instructor should speak english clear.
Everything was good except the tutor was less enthusiastic.
LecturesonDPwerenotsogood,theassigh=nmetnswereawesomethough
This course is a good review of basic level algorithm class
Everything is fine except for the accent of few professors
really very helpful to develope the programming algorithms
Good concepts but difficult to get help for assignments.
The content is good but it requires to have some basics.
Some subjects could be taught with bit more explanation.
This course was great but lecture may be more simplified
the assignment are little tough for a beginner like me.
I learned something new and useful for my profession.
It was a great experience. Learn a lot of new things
This platform is very nice to create your knowledge.
Pretty informative and helps you refresh the basics.
Great course, could do with a bit more spacing out.
Not the best explanation but problems are very good
Good Course overall but instructor support is weak.
A good course promoting learning in the best way.
Very good course for beginners and intermediates.
Dynamic programming has quite difficult problems.
The dynamic programming part was not very clear.
Good course, come to know more about algorithms
Liked the content and assignments too. Thanks!
Good course with ample  of practice questions.
I feel like DP needs to be covered a bit more.
it is a good course. I learn a lot about algo
yeah this course help me a lot in alogorithm
Good course to start learning new algorithms
Really nice experience for me . I enjoyed it
awesome course to learn dynamic programming
A few too many problems in the assignments.
we should get the notes in pdf formats too.
The part of dynamic programming was awful.
Good Course to level up algorithms skills.
very excellent presentation and teaching.
You should tell us the input of the case.
nice but can be explained in more detail
week5 and week4 are little hard to chase
lots of mathematics and it's challenging
very well designed course ,very helpful.
This course taugth me many new things..
Good course for refreshing your basics.
Dynamic Programming need to be stronger
nice stress testing is now i am learned
Perfect course for algorithm beginners
Good course on algorithms and designs.
quite a good explanation of concepts.
More material could have been covered
good course for newbie in algorithms
The problems were a bit challenging.
Good foundation course for algorithm
Great experience and learned a lot.
everything is great exept last week
Good. Waiting for session to began.
A very good course on Algorithms.
Good class! Learned a fair deal.
good course , best for begineers
Very good course! But expensive.
Had a nice learning experience!
Awesome course good assignments
best assignment for practicing
learnt a lot from this course
Videos were not much helpful.
amazing course helpful enough
Practice Problems were great
It's a nice course Thank You
It is really a great course.
very good organized course
Nice Introductory Course.
Great course. I enjoy it.
Do it for the questions.
Got very hard at the end
nice course with basics
nice teaching sense
Really nice content
bit tough though
course i good.
It's so tough.
I have a Mechatronics MSc and now I'm transitioning to CS after starting to work as a software developer. Even with an engineering background, this course was challenging: you need to think hard when designing algorithms, then precisely design and test a solution. (Stress) testing is a concept that is frequently used in everyday software development, too.For some assignments, you'll find the pseudocode in the slides so those need less brain power to implement but for others, you'll have to come up with your own original solution. This requires time and research. It's possible to ask others in the forum or Google around for hints, and most assignments can be solved in multiple ways (e.g. I solved several of the dynamic programming assignments with memoized recursive functions). You won't find many hints from the teachers, though since that would spoil the learning part here - the essence of the course is not in the slides but in solving the assignments on your own.Upsides of the course are the automatic grading system, the diversity of the assignments and the quality of the mathematical content and the slides.Downsides of the course are the sometimes bad accent of the teachers - this could be eased with more accuraate captioning for the videos -, and the clumsiness of downloading slides (they are not available in one package, and trust me, you're going to use them a lot!)Prerequisites for this course: you will need linear algebra knowledge to know about e.g. geometrical series or limit values, and you will need to know how mathematical proofs work. This is all advanced high school or 1st semester college material, so nothing special. Fortunately the teachers always point to extra links if you're in trouble.Also, you'll need working knowledge for 1 programming language. Fortunately for many languages, you won't need to care about I/O, it's already in the starter files. I learned Python just for fun, during this course for example. All that is needed is basic control statements (loops-if), arrays and functions, nothing more.Tips: 1. Don't give up! 2. You don't need to solve all the assignments, the ones after the minimum level are usually more advanced. 3. When in trouble, stress test if you can, it helps a lot. 4. If you're confident, you can 'make a run for it' and submit your file - you can submit as many times as you want.
This is the best and the toughest course I've ever come across. I'm definitely a better programmer now. It completely changes the way you analyze the problem. Totally awesome.
The course is perfectly designed. The perfect start for those who start with data structures and algorithms. The Dynamic programming was a little bit tough but overall course is perfectly designed
Opted for 5 over 4. Not a perfect course but damn close: Assuming 'basic knowledge' one of the languages suggested should also have as a pre-requisite 'introductory computer science' since having an ability to code in say python at a basic level doesn't necessarily mean you understand anything about file and bitstream IO, or other useful abstractions that will make this course a wee bit more interesting.  Anyone who doesn't have a strong grasp of CS principles shouldn't be dissuaded however, it just means that your learning curve will be steeper.  The trick is digging your heels in and researching the problems, sticking to your guns and hammering out even the most ugly of code until you have a correct solution... AND THEN trying to make the thing faster.  You will get faster at writing our your plan, faster at implementing, and learn to read code line by line to understand what is happen beneath the abstraction. I'd also urge people to avoid using built-in functionality of your language to solve a lot of these problems, ie. in the Majority Element problem, you *could* just use python's built-in counter to count instances for you but by doing that, do you really understand what is happening beneath the hood? Do you really understand what the output of that abstraction is doing? Probably not. So do it the 'by-hand' way and then take advantage of the built-ins when you rewrite the code for your own use or to put on your repo.  All in all, a great 'trial by fire' course if you're a novice, and if you're not a novice, it will help make you a better programmer. For sure.
Truly amazing course in which the instructors have the knack of explaining complex things very easily so as to be understood by a learner at the beginner level or at the intermediate level. I am so lucky to have completed all the assignments that were posted to me week on week and come to a very thorough understanding of the algorithmic tools and techniques... Well done San Diego team for your effort. Continue empowering the algorithmic knowledge of the world wide software community.
I liked the fact that the algorithms are not just the introductory searching and sorting algorithms. The assignments are fairly difficult (I have decent scripting experience), but not impossibly so.
good course, I like the fact you can use a lot of languages for you programming exercises, the content is really helpful, I would like to have more indications from the grading system to save time.
I have taken many courses on Coursera. This was hands down the most challenging, intellectually stimulating, painstaking and all in all fun course. The number and quality of problems in the assignments were much better compared to any other course. I have learnt alot from this course in a span of few weeks. I can't wait to get started with the second course on Data Structures offered by them!!
I learn a lot of solid programming/debugging skill and algorithm frameworks such as complexity analysis, 
divide-and-conquer, greedy, dynamic programming, top-down recursive with memorization 
as well as stress test, and random test to ensure output correctness and corner case handling.

To be honest, this course is really challenging but the outcome of progress is sweet and worthy.
I finished the first session of Master Algorithmic Programming Techniques, the Algorithmic Toolbox course. This is an amazing course. To review why this course (and series) is awesome: 1) 25 + programming assignments, ranging from easy to advanced. 2) Unlike many other CS courses, this course allows multiple programming languages. You have choices of C C++, Java, Python2, Python3. They may add more to the list :).3) Super active forum, the learners come here to debate approaches and share knowledge a lot. There were so many times I'm convinced my algorithm can't be optimized anymore, then another guy came in with another genius idea. 4) Plus, the instructor, Mr. Alex S. Kulikov is a super nice guy, he made 300+ forum posts in the first session alone, to guide learners thoroughly.Comprehensive grader: grades you on correctness, time use, memory use. You have no choice but to optimize all 3 aspects to pass.This course has premium access. However, both the quality and quantity are well worth the price. You can read other learners' comments and many agree with this.
This was a pretty great first into to algorithms. Took me from essentially no formal experience to feeling pretty confident about where I go from here (CLRS, cracking the coding interview, etc). The only feedback I have for the instructors are: some of the lecturers don't have good english and it borders on impacting the comprehensibility of the course. Usually the subtitles fill in the gaps -- but in the latter half of the course these are often wrong as well. Fixing these would be a huge help! Thanks for creating such a useful resource.
Cool course. Thank you! One suggestion about your book (Learning Algorithms Through Programming and Puzzle Solving): could you add some theory which would serve as a brief reminder before problems?
The material is quite really well-prepared and lecture is really understandable. Highly recommend this course for whom want to consolidate Algorithm and Data structure knowledge
Excellent coverage of algorithmic techniques in this course, with very accessible introductions to such fundamental topics as the Master Method, greedy algorithm design, and dynamic programming. This class hits the sweet spot for people who find Tim Roughgarden's Analysis and Design of Algorithms course too intense and hand-wavy, but who still want mathematically-sound, proof-based discussion of algorithmic techniques.  (Listen to Roughgarden's drive-by treatment of Karatsuba's algorithm in his first week of lectures, and you will appreciate Neil Rhodes' coverage of the same algorithm all the more.) You get an introduction to a lot of "greatest hits" from Computer Science, but at a level where you come away understanding the technique. The problem sets start off with fairly easy exercises, just enough to reinforce your understanding, and progress up to exercises that will prove challenging indeed to newcomers. You will get a lot out of careful study of this course. I look forward to continuing in this specialization.
Splendid! The course material is rich, the teachers explain very well, in great detail and the exercises are pretty challenging, not to mention the set of compatible programming language one can use is very large. I loved it!I would recommend this course to anyone serious about learning algorithm analysis and design, this is a great place either to get started or to enhance your current capabilities.
Thanks for the course, it was instructive! I like that some problems require implementing algorithms discussed in lectures, while others are quite challenging and are very satisfying to solve :)
This course is just awesome and outstanding in every term. Teachers are very good at explaining even the toughest of problems and really helped throughout the course, i enjoyed and leaned a lot.
best course for clearing basics of algorithms as well as learning by doing and blow your mind by thinking hard from different prospectives to get desired solutions of programming assignments ...
Quite an engaging course to be honest!! Definitely recommend the course for beginners as well as people looking for brushing up of important paradigms.
Crisp course, and challenging assignments make sure you memorize all the concepts learned. Great work by all the instructors!
I have found this course to be very well explained and It covers wide range of topics in design and analysis of algorithms.
One of the best online courses I've ever took!
Programming Assignments are insanely amazing.
Thank you to all the instructors for this wonderful course. I know that it must have taken a tremendous amount of preparation to not only get the course contents in this wonderful format and order, but also preparing the assignments in such an enjoyable and edificational format. I would like to thank Mr. Kulikov and Mr. Levin in particular for their wonderfully fluid, pithy, and powerful teaching style. I am taking the Data Structures course in parallel, and I find the teaching style of Mr. Kulikov in particular works beautifully for me personally.The greatest takeway for me from this course is my newly-found confidence in Problem Solving, not merely learning the algorithms themselves, and this is a skill that the course content forced me to learn through hard work and deep thinking. Prior to this course, my proof skills were truly pathetic - I could generally come to the optimal solution through "intuition" and "gut feeling", but I could almost never prove why the solution was correct. The substantial focus of this course on proofs is an invaluable gift for those willing to partake of it. I tremendously enjoyed this course, and again, thank all the instructors for their time and knowledge. Thank you!
It's been an amazing journey! I've enjoyed, struggled through and finally managed to pass the test cases for all problems. It's been amazing. I've learned a lot. And moreover I've researched a lot while working at the problems, I've used books recommended in references, some books on Python algorithms, discussion forums and google and youtube, when I got really stuck. Every next week was more challenging for me than the previous one. Two of the most challenging problems for me were closest pair of points and longest common subsequence of 3 strings. But the rest weren't much easier ;)I'd definitely recommend this course to anybody who's just starting out in programming and who wants to boost her/his problem solving skills.I've been using Python3 and MacBook and I didn't have any problems with grader or submissions, except for wrong answers and time limit exceed, of course :)Thanks to all instructors, I truly appreciate the amount of work you've done to put it all together! I'm very glad I've chosen this course as a starting point in learning algorithms and data structures. Thank you!
I found the assignments challenging in the absolute best sense of the term, and therefore incredibly rewarding as well! Whenever I've gotten stuck, the answer was always in the course material somewhere, even if I didn't see it there at first. The discussion forums were extremely helpful, and I was astounded to see that that instructors were still actively monitoring the discussion forums and responding to student questions. I'm obviously not an expert in this field, but I've been an educator before, and my own impression of the assignments was that they were extremely well designed: it was impossible to pass them without knowing what you were doing, the tools to approach them were always found in the lectures, and the challenge problems pushed your knowledge even farther. I would recommend the specialization to everyone.  Additionally, I noticed that the content aligns well with other DS&A syllabi I have seen in brick-and-mortar institutions, especially the first 3 or 4 courses.  It's also a very nice luxury to be able to submit in Python.  I have certainly learned a great deal.
If you want to learn more about both theoretical and practical computer science, do this specialization. I'm completely sold on this specialization after one week. The instructors are extremely helpful and have a high level of clarity both in the videos, and on the forums. The language semi-agnosticism is excellent! The forums are active and friendly! You will hit the ground learning right away with this specialization!This course has so far motivated me immensely to delve further in to my software engineering education. I did not get a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, just an Associate's. Though I work in the industry, I wanted to do programming competitions and personal projects to make up for the lack of experience with the ideas and implementation of algorithms and their data structures. This course has jump-started my journey beyond my current abilities, and I believe it will do the same for you. If you're even remotely thinking you would be interested in taking these courses, do!
I always wanted to improve the algorithms and data structures field. The books wasn't so efficient. Especially they weren't so practical. These courses are the first courses where I really got a lot of knowledge. Especially because of assignments. All lectors are very good in explanation of the material and tell many additional useful things. These courses are the really good base, after which you can open the books related to algorithms and read more details if you needed.I am definitely going to complete the whole specialization!The only thing which was not convenient for me is that both courses Algorithmic Toolbox and Data Structures are started at the same time. It was difficult to find out the time for both courses and spend enough time to solve all assignments instead of only enough for passing.Anyway, now I am started the second iteration of the course and I am going to solve all assignments which I skipped.  Big thanks to Daniel, Alex, Pavel, Neil and Mike!Regards,Sergey
I must confess I was a bit hesitant to start this specialization. But after 3 weeks in, I am very happy that I started with this specialization. The course has the right pace and instructors have very nicely divided the videos in shorter logical entities which are easy to understand. I love the exercises. All the other exercises in other courses that I have taken for coursera provide you with a lot of code already done and you just have to write a very small piece of code to complete the assignments, but not in this one. We need to write the whole assignment on our own, right from choosing the appropriate data structure and algorithm design. They sure have a starter code but I only look at them once I have some solution, in order to do a check of my code design as well.I must say, this is an awesome course. Great work guys putting this together.
I'm still in week 2, but so far I'm loving it. It's far more interesting and engaging than I thought it would be, and not as hard as I thought it would be. It requires some programming experience (a few months of practice and maybe a more advanced understanding of your programming language of choice will do) and the "mathy" way some algorithms are explained can be a little scary for who hasn't a good maths background (like me!) but don't let it scare you away. Everything is actually much simpler than it looks like and the only real demand is some patience and a willingness to find new ways to solve problems. Every time you an assignment right, you feel like you "leveled up" your problem solving skills a little bit. Totally worth it. Looking forward to the rest of the specialization.
This is a good course, and I liked the quality of video lectures. The material is structured and lets the students understand the basic approaches they can follow to solve algorithmic tasks.Also a good plus is that there are assignments. First, they are of different complexity - so anyone will find an interesting task there. Second, there are prepared starter files for 3 languages - so you spend time working on algos, not on bootstrapping projects. And third - grading is automatic.Just for fiuture - as a more engaging thing there could be also made tasks to review of other people's assignments (as it is done in other courses) and implementing a test case which makes a wrong solution to fail (which is something like TopCoder does). But this idea is too raw and needs more thinking.
A great course in its own right but it also fills a void between the "Learn <programming language>" and using programming languages to analyze Big Data. The instructors have put together an excellent introduction to the wonderful, and scary, world of algorithms. I must admit I was ready to send my PC flying through the window on numerous occasions when I could not get my particular implementation of an algorithm to run within the time AND memory limits set by the instructors. More so, because often you are not told what particular test case made it fail. In the end, I believe this is a great approach to have learners really dive into the material and think about the various run times before submitting a particular solution. Well worth while your time!
Lots of good problems. The bar to pass is very low, but I felt I actually learned by completing the whole thing. There is a forum with some helpful advice on some of the problems. The easiest problems are the ones you just copy the algorithm verbatim from the slides, but there are some more interesting problems with terrible edge cases, like the minimal distance among n points.They follow the textbook pretty well, so you can pick up that book for cheap and read it too! I liked most of the lecturers, but a few I could have done without and ended up referencing other sources as a result. I learned a lot and will continue in the specialization.
Congratulations for this well-designed, informative and extremely educative course! The language agnostic way of presenting and explaining these basic but important algorithmic techniques provides an extremely useful way to better understand and further elaborate these methods by using the programming language of our choice. Of course, some programming experience in at least one language is needed, but this course can also provide a great lab to start learning others. The programming assignments and the way you have designed them (time/memory constraints) are ideal to learn designing these algorithmic techniques correctly and efficiently.
Pros:Great practical programming assignment questions.Some very nice lectures and problem explanations, especially in asymptotic notation and scaling, D+C, and dynamic programming 1.Cons:Some annoying mistakes in the python3 assignment boilerplate code for inputs. Like overriding the 'input' function name with a variable.Did not give rigid definitions of types of programming. Greedy, D+C, dynamic.Should have been more rigid in defining problem steps in the greedy algorithms chapter. Seemed waffly.The course textbook they recommended buying was basically just the problem statements + lecture notes. Not useful.Overall, a solid course.
This was a well developed and taught course.  The programming assignments were just the right level of difficulty, and the system for submitting assignments worked very well.  I learned a lot about the content, and feel stronger in my programming abilities and computer science knowledge.The only critique I would have is that some of the slides where the algorithms are written out have some confusing notation (using w and w_i in the same line of an algorithm for one) and sometimes the index conventions seemed not to line up with the usual "starts at 0" format.  Even still it was always easy to correct for this.
I have been blown away by the amount of effort the designers put into this. Extremely high quality. Thank you so much for the thoughtful problems to solve, the well thought out lectures, and the many supplemental resources you've provided. Could not rate highly enough! I'll keep an eye out for any other specializations you all produce
This course has a wonderfully designed syllabus, and with a few exceptions, the lectures had extremely clear, lucid explanations of the underlying concepts. I got the most value out of the homeworks, each of which had several challenging problems that really reinforced the learnings from lecture.  Thank you, professors!
I liked the fact that the algorithms are not just the introductory searching and sorting algorithms. The assignments are fairly difficult, but not impossibly so. You will practice solving computational problems, designing new algorithms, and implementing solutions efficiently (so that they runin less than a second).
All i read in college is the theoretical concept about the algorithm and not it's implementation in actual programming language.This course made me code the algorithm and in the process i learned lot about the chosen language as well as how we can efficiently write  the code.Thank you.Keep up the good work!
Very nice course. Covers a lot of ground, theory and practice. Homework assignments are interesting. The autograder can be a pain, and most of the time you're not even sure what the problem with your algorithm is, but that's all part of the fun and challenge.
The instructors teach in clearly way. The assigments arenot too hard and can be solved with some google search or look in forum. Good course for beginer and also all of people who want to revise algorithms.
This course on algorithms is exceptionally good. Video lectures are very helpful. I especially loved exercises as each of them was unique & required a lot of brain storming.
The specialty of this course is the order in which they present the manner . It is very helpful especially if you are just starting to get a hang out of it
Learned lot of thing about Algorithms,Programming And Lot More To Learn,and It's  great to
Watch Videos,

complete assignment and quiz.
I have learned how to do stress test of two different logic, that helped me a lot while choosing the best algorithm.
Great learning. Now I am a tad bit more confident about my algorithm skills. Need to practice more though.
Grader system is really nice to use; it helps to improve my debugging ability a lot. Good job!
Very good course to get into algorithmic thinking, design and algorithmic problem solving.
This Course is really very helpful in understanding the basic algorithms and various efficient problem solving technique. Week assignments are very good and helped me evolve my skills in implementing solutions and to consider every possible kind of instances for a problem. I loved the lectures and the way professors explain things and touch every aspect of the topic. I enjoyed this course very much and have learnt much more than what I thought I required. I am really very thankful and grateful to the professors and the Coursera. Thank You Very Very much. :)
I always feared coding problems on divide and conquer and dynamic programming. The way this course gradually took me from easy stuffs to advanced was awesome. After doing the course, I feel confident on coding difficult problems. I also appreciate the granularity of topic that this course covers. I took many courses but nowhere until now, I have seen courses that cover how to test and debug your code. Great Course and much take course in case one wants to get good at competitive programming. Good Job teachers. Your efforts are appreciated.
Really nice course that get's you started to the world of algorithms. It has a balanced progression and introduction to basic concepts, but highly recommend to do all the optional assignments since they help absorb all the presented material to the fullest extent. But to solidify the knowledge gained, I would recommend to solve more problems on the introduced concepts since I feel this course falls short in number of diverse problem statements to be able to think on how to apply the concepts in different scenarios.
Great course with the thoroughly prepared exercices and detailed video explanations for each topic. Covers a wide range of fundamental alogorithmic technicues that are good to learn for everyone who wants to become a better software engeener or just to improve programming skills. The course passing grade is pretty soft. It is enough to attentively watch the video lectures and carefully implement algorithms covered there to pass the course, however some advanced problems are really challenging.
A very thorough introduction to the core concepts of Algorithm design, including sorting, binary search, greedy algorithms and dynamic programming.  The assignment are tough with the last few definitely challenging, you will spend quite a bit of time implementing them if you are new to programming in general but there is enough help on the site (and the internet) to help you figure things out.  Working through the problems is essential to getting the most out of the course.
This is a really well planned course. I was doing this course and auditing my on-campus course too, initially. But, I soon realised that this is what I need. It has a perfect balance of mathematical rigour and practical programming. The programming challenges sometimes felt tough, but since ample time is given to solve, I could make it in the end. Thanks to the instructors for teaching students across the globe. Knowledge is a debt that can never be repaid! Thanks
I think this is the best algorithms course I've taken so far. It wasn't too hard, but if you wanted some challenge there's always the advanced problems. Speaking of the problems, I highly recommend that you solve all the programming assignments, including the advanced questions. Even if you can't solve it on your own, search up how to do it; just don't give up. Passing is easy, but to get the most of the course you need to finish all the programming assignments.
This is one of the best courses i have taken. The way these instructors come up with a problem and explain why existing techniques are not that helpful, and intuitively explaining why new method/technique would suit the problem. everything about teaching was simple yet amazing.Moreover the assignments are also quite challenging, so they will for sure give you tough time and make you put in more effort which in turn sharpen your strengths on the concepts.
This is a great introduction to a more formal approach to algorithms and I look forward to the rest of the courses in the specialization. The dynamic programming week was somewhat more difficult than the other weeks, but I think that could be remedied with more visualizations during the lectures. If you're lacking in any basic maths skills, I would recommend running through Khan academy first. Functional notation and series would be especially useful.
This course gave an insight in the world of algorithms and taught me  a number of  different approaches for solving algorithmic problems (stress testing, for example). I discovered the fact that my programs didn't worked properly in all cases (I was pretty confident that they did) and realized that there are really wise solutions for many computation problems.  Lastly, all course materials were explained in detail, so there were no unclear moments.
This course is well-designed and delivered by the experienced instructors. It is particularly suitable for those who have some basic knowledge in programming (knowing how to use if-else if-else statements, for-loop and while-loop, etc.; knowing a little bit how to write a simple code in C, C++, Python or others) and would like to enhance his programming techniques through polishing his logical thinking ability while he is designing a algorithm.
I love this course. Designing algorithms in the lectures and implementing them in the weekly assignments is not only rewarding and fun, but also engaging. The test cases applied to the algorithms in the assignments are comprehensive, looking for hard-to-find, yet very important, edge cases, meaning significant testing is required for each submission, mimicking the requirements of any algorithm used outside the classroom. Well, on to course #2!
So far the best course I have seen that actually teaches algorithms.This course not only explains you the algorithm but will also make you solve programming challenges based on the algorithms which requires you to look at the algorithm from a different perspective and then solve the challenge.This is what I loved the best about this course.I believe I am much better now in implementing algorithms and solving programming challenges.
The best part of the course is Assignments, as only after trying to code the algorithms one can appreciate the content of the videos and reading Material. Conceptually Dynamic Programming(Weeek5,6) is the hardest to grasp. Assignment wise I found week 4 Divide and Conquer to be more challenging. For DP assignments, pseudo-code is given for most of the questions.  Thanks to the instruction team for creating this wonderful course.
The course content is very well designed, also the problems enhance your thinking and take it to a next level.Also the explanations by all Professors is too good, when i repeatedly listen to the same lecture, i get greater clarity into the concepts. Thank you to all the Professors involved in teaching and designing the course.I wish there could have some more links provided throwing clarity on of dynamic Programming.
I would've never forced myself to learn to think recursively if it weren't for this course.  As someone from a mechanical engineering discipline, with a minimal background in java programming, i was able to following along with this course and complete all assignments.  The discussion boards and professor's lectures were particularly helpful along with the fact that I could download everything for viewing offline.
The best course I have done on Coursera. The authors have put together a great set of lectures and especially programming assignments, which really force you to think about what you are doing rather than go by trial and error. What's more, you can submit these in about a dozen commonly used programming languages so you can practise the language of your choice while learning about algorithms. Highly recommended!
amazing course. if you are looking to know fundamental algorithms like DP, Greedy, divide and conquer this course is amazing. in my opinion, this course is essential for any software engineer but if you just started your way it is better to know how to write simple programmers and be confident with basic topics like loops, conditions ..etci recommend python for every body as a start if you have no knowledge
This course was a great introduction to algorithms.  I am a novice programmer at best and had little to no knowledge about algorithms before this course.  The concepts and programming assignments were challenging and I did not finish all of them the way I would have liked to but the challenge has made me more knowledgeable and a slightly better coder.  Thank you.  I will be taking data structures next.
Great introductory course. Lots of details and interesting problem sets. Extremely quick responses with the discussion forum. Great help. One suggestion would be to be a bit better at explaining things, especially the mathematical proofs. They are quick rigorous, yes, but more emphasis should be given on understanding why in simple, human language. Then we could go over the proof together.
This is the best algorithm course that I have taken, it has its problems but overall complete and the instructors guide you and seem to care for teaching well their subject. I appreciate the work that you have done here for all of us interested to polish our skills and deepen our knowledge in algorithms.Keep the good work guys. *This opinion is based on the complete specialization
This course is really helpful, at first I was submitting my cpp files for the projects and was having a hard time on having it on a passing grade. This course encouraged me to learn how to code using python. I have a hard time understanding the lessons but it's a good thing that I can just go back and play the video over and over again in order for me to understand each lessons.
My programming and algorithm design greatly improved after taking this course. Through the advanced problem sets I was able to appreciate the finer aspects of efficient algorithm designing and I'm sure that I'll improve a lot with courses to come.I would definitely recommend this course  to any one who wishes to improve his/her skill set for designing efficient algorithms.
I think this was a great course wonderfully designed with tons of problem solving assignments.It challenged me a lot and I got to learn a lot of new concepts.The idea of dynamic programming always scared me but now I am quite connfident about it and looking forward to solve more problems based on dynamic programming and completing the next course of the specialization! :)
The  course gives a very good insight on how different types of algorithms work, and at the same time lets us think of various ways in which they can be implemented, this really helps in building a very strong base in Algorithms which is absolutely necessary for learning advanced topics. I would really like to thank all the instructors for creating such an amazing course.
The course is a great first course on algorithmic toolbox. I love the way the toolbox serves as a precursor to the more involved courses. In particular, the topic of stress testing is something that MOOCs don't cover in general and lead me to give up in my earlier MOOCs. All in all, great job professors Sascha, Daniel, Neil, Michael and Pavel. You guys are awesome.
The content of the course is so good. However, I think the lecturers can do better job if the have more visualisation for what they are saying. A lot of time, I felt that I couldn't follow what they was saying and then, I have to pause the video and look at the pseudo code, it much easier to understand. Btw, thanks a lot for providing such an awesome course.
I really appreciate the way course contents are selected in each course of the specialization , It really gives a great conceptual clarity of all the topics . I find a bit difficulty in understanding Big O notation so please try to give some more reference to understand it and also provide some general techniques to calculate it from just looking at code.
Having several years of developing enterprise applications, I have really enjoyed my struggle with some assignments. Lectures are great and I want to thank all of the lecturers for their work and patience while working with all of us in Forums. For sure, I have learnt a lot from this course and recommend it to anyone who wants to dive into algorithms.
Excellent course, I learned a lot of new things, I'm starting in the real programming world and this course helped me to learn a lot. I had to do a lot of research in dynamic programming because I wasn't used to solve algorithms of that level and some videos were hard to understand for me, but it actually was quite fun and I really want to continue.
The course provides a solid foundation in understanding algorithms. The lectures, slides and supplemental resources are thoughtfully crafted and were effective in teaching the concepts  . The programming assignments provided an avenue to understand and implement the algorithm. Mentors and peers provided ample support through discussions in forums.
It was an amazing experience with University of California San Diego & National Research University Higher School of Economics  and also all the assignment were very enjoying. I have learned a lot after completing this course. I will be highly thankful to this university and my instructors for providing me this opportunity. Thank you again !!!
Really good course. Sometimes the accent is a problem but thanks to the subscripts its easily understandable. In general although the course is really good and I learned a lot from it, I found that the course lacks the flow most other coursera courses have as in this the professors keep changing and some have really hard to understand accents.
Great course covering on material needed to analyse and come up with algorithms. I already took a course about Algorithms in my Universtiy but this one helped me refresh the knowledge and add up more in-depth understanding on the topic on top of my previous knowledge. I am really grateful to have come across this course. Thank you very much!
Overall it is a great course, the most challenging part was to understand the optional prove of the Master theorem. I believe that this course and the whole specialization is all about learning not only the mandatory material of the course, but also the whole optional material provided. Thanks to all the instructors for their hard work!
This course introduces you five basic algorithms that commonly are commonly used by programming. Each course has detailed introduction to methods and related assignments. And we could discussed the problem met in the homework in the after-class forum. Thanks to all the teachers and teaching assistants as well as our kind classmates.
The best online class I've taken so far: not only because of the clear explanation and easy-to-follow videos, but also the effort the professors have put int answering most of the questions, especially Prof. Alex. He almost answered more than half of the questions within short amount of time. This is very rarely seen in other moocs.
Really great course for an introduction to greedy, divide-and-conquer and dynamic programming techniques. Programming assignments are challenging for beginners but are really helpful for mastering the concept and materials. Referenced materials are useful to understand the concepts when listening to lectures is not enough.
This course gave me a great refresher on algorithms concepts learned in college. The lectures were clear and explained complex issues in a straightforward and step-by-step manner. I also enjoyed the programming assignments: they were challenging enough to make me think, but not so hard as to take up many hours of my time.
I really want to thank the whole community of coursera to avail me such a great opportunity to get introduce and to be much more familiar with the content of algorithmic toolbox.it helps me to push up my rank in competitive coding contest.Now I am more confident  than before at programming.THANKS to all coursera family.
Great to lay out the basis of algorithms. Very descriptive and progressive. I enjoyed all the exercises that helped understanding and implementing all the concepts explained in this course.It is also worth mentioning that, towards the end, they offer more advanced algorithms to challenge your newly acquired knowledge.
Awesome course - one of my favorites I've done on Coursera. It's thorough yet clear. I also like that you can pass the course just by implementing the algorithms as shown in the lectures, but then each assignment has multiple additional problems which challenge you to think for yourself. Really great course design!
Currently in my Week 2 of the Course and I have to say I absolutely enjoyed Week 1! My expectations are now even higher for week 2 and further. A great introduction to a critical topic and the best part was that I found myself completely involved to the course until I successfully submitted my assignment. Cheers!
The only thing I want to say is that the course was amazing, really amazing . Professors delivered their lectures in a perfect way that it should be delivered. Moreover, I enjoyed this course a lot and learned a lot . And I am also looking forward to be the part of coursera to improve my skills by doing courses.
This course is really made and teachers have really well explained the topics in detail. However, some of the topics taught doesn't feel that friendly for beginners. Questions given in assignments are really well put and will compel someone to think out of the box if someone is not familiar with the problem.
Superb course.I wish the test-cases were more "open". At least SOME of them.Many times, we felt "blindfolded" and penalised for really no fault in our actual algorithms.Still, amazing course, great faculty, simplified introductions combined with advanced problems for the really capable.Great mix! Keep it up!
I thoroughly enjoyed this introduction to algorithms. It covers measuring the efficiency of algorithms in general, and an introduction to the Greedy, Divide-and-Conquer, and Dynamic Programming approaches. It is a fun, and clear, with helpful hints and responsive mentors to be found in the discussion forums
Very good course especially for competitive programmers. Not like other courses on design algorithms which focus on  teaching stander algorithms. This course focus on improving the ability to design   and create new algorithms to solve real life problems which makes it prefect for competitive programmers.
I have benefited a lot from this course. It helped me understand concepts in Algorithms that are new to me in a very efficient way. Also, the assignments and quizzes were very useful in helping me better understand the content of the course. Looking forward to completing the rest of the specialization!
A good course for those who want to start to learn algorithms, the test cases are well-designed. If you would like to pass all the assignment with 100 % grade, be careful about the corner cases. Thinking those corner cases could really help you learn how to  test your designed algorithms  efficiently.
This course helped me in building up the basic concepts of the various programming methods. The assignments for each week are really helpful and of increasing difficulty. I really had a great time solving those as they helped me improve my efficiency. Overall, this course was a wonderful experience!
This is really an important course for anyone who wants to improve their programming skills. The way in which concepts are taught make it very easy to remember in future. All the problems which were given are challenging . Due to this i developed a habit to solve a single problem by multiple ways.
The content of this course is pretty good, but most importantly the assignments are structured in a good way with just the right number of 'easy/medium' questions for a beginner to pass. The 'challenging' questions are not essential to pass the course, but thinking is essential to solve them.
This course is really well designed and is quite friendly for beginners. The assignment after each topic also helps to improve the understanding of the lecture. But i think it would be better for the learners to share their codes to understand other's problems as well as to improve their own.
Best course ever I had ever done before .It gave me a lot of confidence and experience and also the major thing in this is that I learnt how i have to tackle with questionsTHANK YOU SO MUCH
Good course to learn the fundamentals of algorithms and techniques to approach commonly asked interview questions.
this course is teach me many new think and aproach how to solve the problems
Solving problem is my passion which I know, after taking this course.
It was a very interesting course I enjoyed it and learned new things
Absolutely needed introduction to algorithms. Thank You. :)
Unique, Helpful, I am always eager to solve problems
Good lectures and programming assignments !
it was good learning and excellent
An amazing course for Algo Lovers.
It was a very productive course
SELF PACED BEST COURSE
it is a nice course!
Well structured in terms of the flow. Covered all the design principles and paradigms. Best thing is that the assignments cover lot of standard algorithm questions and have perfect blend of already covered algorithms and uncovered ones. I can already see most of them relevant to my field of Data Science. I think the unique thing about this course and specialization is that most of the courses cover Data Structures first and wind up discussing more about LL, Stacks, Queues etc, and neglect the problem solving aspects. However, this specialization takes a reverse turn where they explain the standard Algorithms first and then later introduce DS as a means to solve advance problems. Going on to my next course in specialization. Thank you UCSD, NRU and Coursera :)
The course was really helpful for me to understand Algorithms which is the basics of programming. However, I feel the 'Dynamic programming' part was explained is really too Good. This course was very interesting and helped me to understand algorithms more deeply. I strongly recommend everyone to take this course who is thinking to know a lots of about Data-structures and Algorithms. Great tutors and the doubt solvers who consistently helped me with lectures and discussion forums and also for helping me enhancing my skills specially on Dynamic Programming assignments. Thank  you Coursera Amazing course! Motivated!! - Vaishnvee Subhash  Shinde
This was a very good course. I learned a lot of algorithmic problems. I liked it that they don't force you to complete all the assignments. You can complete the course by solving the problems within your reach and pass the criteria. Also, the number of problems is perfect. Neither too less, nor a lot. I had fun solving the problems. Since, I used Python 3, I didn't get most of the errors that many other people encountered (stack overflow, integer overflow, using vectors etc.). I wish I could see the test cases after passing the assignment, so that I could know what tests were cleared by my submitted code.
The course has very well laid syllabus. Learnt a lot of important techniques, different types of approaches toward a problem, they don't have  elaborate explanations to many problems which at first made me disappointed  but  that turned out to be the best part,  you will not grasp some topics towards the end of course  at first, the key is to keep digging through other resources on net and to not be discouraged. Wouldn't  have learnt if everything were spoon fed. Thanks to all the professors. T'was great overall.
Awesome ,The Course and Instructors Push You to Figure Out the Solution  And do the hard part on Your Own Which Eventually Helps To Carve Your own Path And Makes Learning More Self Driven , Though If U Just Follow Along and understand the algorithms in the video Lecture U wont Even Need External Resources To Complete It. This Course Lets U take on A Practical Approach How the Algorithm Are actually Useful In the Real World. Cheers To Knowledge...:)
Time Limit Exceeded !! Memory Error !! These Errors have always ruined my programming endeavours, but this course was immense useful, the faculties were on top with killer concepts and superb explanation to some tough but immensely required concepts to build quick efficient Programs. I would highly recomemend anyone who has suffered a lot on the above problems to take this course and get a Immense Boost to their programming Careers.
This was a pretty amazingly planned course. It was like climbing stairs: at first, it was easy and then a little difficult and very difficult at last. Some problems took days just to solve them according to the time provided, and thankfully for some problems, hints were provided. I would suggest this to everyone, this is one of the best courses for Algorithms because of the organized material and skillful and helpful instructors.
This is the best online course I have already participated. Although challenging, it is well organized and is full of references, resources and iterative puzzles. It has a high level team of instructors, each one doing a great job to teach the best of computer science: algorithms. The forums are pretty rich and the moderators are highly active and supportive. I am very satisfied and motivated to keep learning from them.
Wow!!! I'm actually super delighted that I've been able to complete this course. It was a great experience for me altogether because I have been so passionate about learning algorithms so I can get a job in a top company in the US, UK or Canada. I really want to thank Coursera for the opportunity to learn under great tutors. I'm super excited, and would recommend this course to anyone willing to learn algorithms.
This course is awesome! Good speakers, interesting lectures and a lot of tough challenges, applicable to real world problems. I found it very helpful. After completing this course you'll achieve an ultimate problem solving ability. Although it may be dificult for a total beginners. I would recommend it for those who aready has at least a little experience in programming. Also, basic knowlege of math is required.
The problems were quite interesting and I faced a bit of difficulty in solving all of them because there's a lot of difference in writing algorithms and typing the code and I tried to cover that gap. Overall the lectures were very informative along with the quizzes and assignments . So I am very thankful to Coursera and all the professors who put in their efforts to enhance our problem solving skills.
The course is very well taught by Daniel Kane,Alexander Kulikon, Michael Levin,Pavel Pevzner and Neil Rhodes. Through this course i am to optimize algorithm in a very efficient way and also able to calculate its run time and complexity, this course gives a clear understanding of the algorithms taught and the programming questions are also up to the point . Thank you very much
Are you a person who thinks algorithms are not so interesting? Why don't you just try this course and try solving the problems in this course? You will definitely get a better interest in algorithms. This course has definitely been very useful for me. I whole heartily suggest you to take up this course, if you are really interested in coding or solving problems efficiently.
Brilliant course, it has given good amount of knowledge to apply algorithms in real world programming. There is only one issue which is the test cases are hidden from user which results in random hit and trials to achieve the respective result. The grader should improve and show what is causing test case to fail rather than printing anonymous statements.
Decent course for those who want to improve their programming skills. If you want to enrol, keep in mind that applying without having some background experience dealing with such algorithms will result in you not being able to pass it properly. The authors and presenters of the course have done a great job. My thanks and appreciation to you all.
Excellent course! The course gives a rigorous coverage of tools and methods like Greedy algorithms, divide & conquer and dynamic programming. The programming assignments seem to have been meticulously designed by the instructors and one will come out of the course as a much better programmer if he/she works on these problems diligently.
I thank coursera .  great tutors  and the doubt solvers who consistently helped  me with lectures and discussion forums and also for helping me enhancing my skills specially on recursion and dynamic programming. I strongly recommend everyone to take this course who is thinking to dive in the pool of data-structures and algorithms.
I teach CS in High School. I have a degree in Maths, so I never had formal, deep teaching in Algorithms - did it all by myself. In this course I learned a lot of things that I did not know, and some I never imagined they existed! I intend to reause some materials with my pupils next year! Thank you very much.
This Course contains challenging assignments to solve, that makes the concept is more clear to understand, but I do not like when instructors are explaining the algorithm on pseudo-code only, if there is virtualization for how the algorithm works, this will make the concept is easy to understand and apply.
It was a really amazing experience of learning on coursera. I'll surely suggest my friends to learn from this platform.I have learned various approaches to solve a programming problem such as greedy, divide and conquer, dynamic programming and their time and space complexity as well and stress testing.
Exceptional course. The approach to problems are smooth, the algorithms having arrays are for some reason indexed from 1 and not 0, as if it matters, but it did somehow successfully troubled me xp. But overall all the algorithms are small, and complex enough to stress your nights.-AdiTOSH007/YouTube
Very well structured course, with great assignments. The teaching staff if very helpful and active on the forums. Just one feedback, I would appreciate if at the end of each week there were links to some practice problems (on any platform or website) to further strengthen and develop the concepts.
Instructors are perfect. The course is intense and not easy. But the way the concepts are taught is very lucid. One of the best courses on coursera. I am leading my way to the specialization. Again, the instructors are really great. The assignments are the best part of this course. Must take.
A challenging but rewarding course. Not reccomended for beginners. Be sure to have a confident grasp of control flow statements and programming logic. As a beginner, some problems took me many hours to solve. I highly reccomend for people who have never been introduced to Algorithims before.
I really like this course and I have learned many new and interesting things. I think a good improvement may be a little more examples of real life problems which can/should and should not be solved using provided algorithms/methodologies... I plan to continue specialization a little later.
This course is one of the best course to learn and understand the algorithms and why they are important to understand. The instructors were great and their way of teaching was just perfect. Plus the assignments were very interesting and gave very insightful knowledge on various algorithms.
Excellent course. Good introduction to algorithms with minimal theory and strong focus on implementation. The problems are not trivial, require loads of time and they will really test your understanding of the material which is covered well in some places and not so well in other places.
A balance between coding and math, this course introduces me to concept such as recursion, greedy algorithm, divide and conquer, and dynamic programming. I am an Aerospace student but I am benefited by taking this course because it helps me make more optimal computation scheme for CFD.
Highly recommended for everyone from starters to advance coders. Focuses on the core concepts of solving a problem and provides the general solution. End of week assignments proves to be very useful and only after one understand the concepts and crack the problems, can he move forward.
Lectures are very clear, well organized. Mini quiz questions were designed extremely well. They actually make you think about what you were just presented, rather than just asking you to spit back out what you heard. Programming assignments are great too for same reason. Awesome class!
The Assignment questions are tough and little bit easy and at the same time really interesting. I just enjoyed doing all the six week assignments. I hope the concepts I learned may help me for my future. Thank you so much Coursera for your efforts to make us to learn new concepts .
It's definitely a great course for people just starting their journey in algorithms field. I thoroughly enjoyed every problem and working my way through them gave me insights on how to approach a problem and test the algorithms.Instructors' guidance were greatly appreciated!Thanks.
This was an excellent course with excellent mentors. Since I am and Electronics Engineering grad, I thought it would be very difficult, but indeed it is not. I have been to other courses in Coursera on Algorithms and so far, this according to me is the best one ever. Thanks UCSD.
I really learned something useful from the class, and I think the assignments of every week are very classic. But the video time is too short for some hard algorithms, I need to spend more time to find and read more specific information from books and websites about the class.
Very good course! The metrial is very good, especially topic Divide and Conquer! The tasks quite chenlenging but they are awesome! The only problem I forgot some materials after I completed this course, so I think the course should have more quizzes to consolidate learning.
Excellent course. This course teaches the basics of competitive coding like greedy algorithms, divide and conquer, and dynamic programming very well. The choice of problems to teach the concepts is excellent. Programming assignments give an excellent learning experience.
This course has definitely strengthen my problem skills. It has taught me to be persistent and patient. Instructors in this course have done a commendable job. Things that I loved most about this course are gradle external tools and the quality of assignment questions.
Great course - the problem sets were challenging and appropriate for the learning goals. For participants who have not been exposed to significant mathematical coursework, the mathematical notation may be intimidating at first, but is not an insurmountable obstacle.
This is a very good course. It is very difficult at first so I had to do it twice to complete it. It helps if you try to visualise the algorithms in your head, do them on paper and then try to write the pseudo code so it prints out all the steps that is being done.
Excellent course. Very good instruction and pace. It really made me work hard on some of the assignments and grasp the material being presented. Good course for those who have been out of school a while and want to relearn what they might have forgot from college.
It was very useful. One request: 1extra  week for dynamic programming basics is needed. Directly solving Dpchange problem is what i felt difficult .Anyway i understood dp basics with the help of dpslides you gave. And very very thanks for this wonderful course.
It was an awesome course. It helped me to learn many algorithms and specially i learned dynamic programming which was very useful for me. It also improved my thinking skills and also typing speed while practicing. I would recommend everyone to take this course.
This course works on fundamental approaches, like divide and conquer, greedy algorithms and takes us to the more advanced dynamic approach which is ubiquitous and drives most of the modern applications.Really beneficial to solve problems on a day to day basis.
A great course for a novice in algorithms without a CS degree. Gained an in-depth understanding of algorithms, when and how to implement them. Dynamic programming was the most challenging module in my opinion but once you grasp the concept the rest is cheese.
Great Content, the mathematical ideas are very well explained and the problems are fairly challenging unlike the other courses I've completed on coursera. The content is very well designed to make us familiar with the fundamentals of all necessary concepts.
The course experience was good, I learnt to solve some of the standard problems through this course. I found the lesson of Master Theorem and Dynamic Programming quite interesting. I felt there should be provision of editorials for the assignment problems.
I've been programming professionally for 15 years, but I had a significant gap in my knowledge when it came to data structures and algorithms. This course helped me complete my skill set and regain a competitive advantage in the field. Thanks, instructors!
It is really wonderful learning. I have gained a lot of confidence to solve algorithm problems. But there are couple of chapters like dynamic programming where the complex parts can be explained a bit more. Overall a good learning exercise. Thank youKiran
loved the course, very well structured to develop algorithmic thinking. Assignments are great as well.However, I did feel that the Dynamic programming lecture for week 05 could be slowed down or improved. There was way too much info put into one week. :)
I am very excited about this course. It helped me to get better understanding algorithms.  It gives enough practical tasks to work on. I like the way teachers presented study material, especially Alexander Kulikov. Thank you! Can't wait to move forward!
This was an amazing course! I've taken Algorithms classes during college but we never learned about stress testing solutions or anything about dynamic programming. I really feel a lot more confident in designing algorithms. Highly suggest this course!
This course helped me clear my algorithm concepts. The assignmenst at the end of each week, are very good. Concepts in the course were introduced briliantly with a comparison of different alogrithms and how each of them can solve a particular problem.
The greatness of this course can be judged by the kind of programming assignments given at the end which actually test the learners. Highly recommend this course for people who are totally new to algorithms and want to kickstart their coding venture.
Extremely good course for strengthening various algorithms, especially the concept of Dynamic Programming is which is very essential is taken care of beautifully. Absolutely loved the questions and had fun debugging for various incorrect test cases.
I just loved the approach of the professors, which made most fundamental but difficult concepts seem very easy. Algorithms is, in my opinion, the most important subject for any computer science. Thanks to all the people who helped to make this MOOC.
I think I learned a lot in this course and there has been a significant change in the level of programming I can do now and the level of programming I used to do before this course. Also I would like  to thank all the professors. Thank you very much
This course does more then just teaching algorithms. It gives you insights and ideas that you can later use to build new algorithms. Personally, I think this is crucial, cause it helps you to build unique skill - reasoning about unknown problems.
It was an awesome course but I found the explanations for Dynamic Programming Part-1 as well as Part-2 a little tough to understand. And also I am still not able to formulate the problems well. Also, similar experience for Divide and Conquer.
This course is wonderful, it gave me a strong base in programming. Even though i had to search for extra materials and had to spend lots of night wondering how these algos work, i think its worth.Thanks for providing such fabulous courses.
Overall the course is good except some of the lectures. It gives a good overview and then you can find some better video o the Internet on the topics to complete the assignments and understand the subject better. The assignments are great.
Very straight forward, this course comes from the basics and completes the theory with practice to ensure learning. 100% recommended for those who are not familiar with algorithms or those who want to have practice implementing and coding.
Hereby I tryly declare that this course is simply awesome and wonderful experience, one think is I didnt able to solve all problems, that is small guilty I felt. If I had a chance to know that algorithm for all problem, I am pretty happy.
I really appreciate the content of this course. It was well planned and had a nice flow. However have to say that in some instances the failed case cannot be viewed and I don't know why the grader only outputs "Failed case: Wrong answer".
I graduated from electrical engineering, so, even though I am programming on a daily basis, I always wanted to learn about data structures and algorithms in more detail. This lecture gave me a good insight about algorithms. Very helpful!
This introductory course is vrey well designed and taught, however, there can be improvement  done in the teaching side otherwise everything was perfect I sincerely want to thank all my teachers who taught me a great deal in this course
The assignments really helped me a lot. The good thing is since no solution is provided and no hints are given for a lot of the questions, you really have to do testing and debugging yourself which has made me more confident than before
Just finished this course. All I have to say is that this course is really really nice. I've learned lots of new things from this course. I enjoyed completing the assignments throughout this course.Dynamic Programming part was the best.
At my country I was dropped of the final year computer engineering and automatic control at engineering faculty due to health and financial conditions, with online courses I have the chance to prove what I can do, Thank you very much !!
I love this course. I want to complete other courses also in this topic. You will amaze at clarifications given for each topic by lecturers. I strongly recommend this course if you want to learn some standard approaches in Programming.
It is nice how this course really guides you through different algorithmic ways to tackle problems. It is one of the few online courses that really forces you to spend time implementing and understanding algorithms. Highly recommended!
the course is very good , the best part is implementing the algorithm ,this will give you deep understanding of the algorithm also it will force you to improve your programming skills if you are a beginner , it was very useful for me .
This course can definitely boost up anyone's logic building skills to a whole another level. Just as it did in my case. Starting from scratch it will take you to a much higher level keeping the journey as pleasant as much it can be.
A good course , programming assignments are also good , even the discussion forums are good. Tutorials are wonderful everything is explained very clearly and hints are given at each point overall good for computer science undergrad.
A good course to start learning data structure....highly recommended for beginners....introduced with all the data structure and more importantly practiced various type of algo.......TEACHER SHOULD CLEAR PROBLEM MORE EFFICIENTLY...
Very Nice Course Indeed, it's a complete package for anyone who wants to fully built himself/herself as a programmer! Everything seems to be very perfect about this course, be it the reading material or the programming assignments!
It is really good for beginners and people who want to revise a few concepts. The professors teach well and the videos are good. I would have loved it if the programming assignments solutions were discussed after each assignment.
I love the fact that this course is language agnostic and really lets you learn about the underlying algorithms that make our software run faster. It is challenging, but definitely worth it if you are fond of a specific language!
The course was very well-organized. The instructors delivered very well prepared to develop proper insight for algorithm designing. The programming assignments were so enjoyable and challenging. Also, loved the in-video quizzes.
A must have course for any beginner. It teaches every basic building block of programming to solve complex problems. One of the best things I have learnt is stress testing and I cannot even explain how many time it saved my day.
It was a fun playing with algorithms and i really enjoyed the course. The problems of the assignment kept me engaged throughout the course so that i could try things different different ways and it were lightly difficult also.
The course design is awesome.I like how they put all the concepts and assignments together to let us have a more clear understanding of the algorithms.I've done every assignment with a big effort, and I learned a lot. Thanks.
This is an exceptionally good course and has been taught very well. I would like to suggest providing some help for the difficult problems ans also adding some solutions with the best complexity so that we can see and learn.
Fantastic Course.. Be you anyone, Beginner or Intermediate OR even it will be useful to you, for learning and understanding , for getting expertise on data-structures and algorithms , for brushing your basics, respectively.
Wonderful course. Very well taught. Concept building programming assignments. A must-do for most computer science students or people who want to learn to solve algorithmic problems. Highly recommend this course. Thank you!
After completing this course.  Now I feel that I am ready to solve or give a try for any level of problems on an online coding platform.  I thanks all the professors who made this course much easier for me than I thought.
This is an extremely good course and the questions on the assignments were really good to test everything taught in the course lectures. Anyone who is willing to master the basics of algorithms should take up this course.
This course had some really challenging problems. Algorithms were not taught very well in my college but this course helped me a lot in improving my algorithmic problem solving skills. It was a great learning experience!
With the step-by-step lessons and clarity of the lectures, this course challenged me while giving me the necessary tools to learn creative algorithms techniques. It was wonderfully taught and I am excited to learn more.
This course helped me to gain a good grasp of the underlying ideas of various common algorithmic techniques. A very good planned out curriculum helps you to understand and implement the ideas to various other problems.
This is an excellent course.  I went from knowing about algorithms to knowing algorithms and how to implement them, simple as that.  Highly recommended for anyone looking to gain a foothold in the world of algorithms.
It's not easy, but this is a great introduction to algorithms and data structures. I'm definitely going to follow more courses in this specialization. Thanks to the folks who put this course together and supported it!
this is one of the best course for the computer science student and anyone who want to make program quickly and efficiently. Basically its a step to become professional programer.Thank you for providing this  course .
Content quality HIGH, Methodology and discussions of concept very PROFESSIONAL.Programming assessments too Good! Also, the transparency to the failed cases helps to solve certain corner cases in a number of problems!
I loved this course because overall the course content was good.Since grader output was not giving much clues on the failure helped me lot in stress testing the code my myself. Lot of clues in the discussion forum.
well its amazing...1) the thing that I like most is the way tutors were telling the way how to solve the problem .2) STRESS TEST : I didnt know this , how to test our program and how to debug it.great work coursera
It was my first experience to learn in so detail.Like, how to make a simple algorithm so robust and reliable.How to think and find corner cases in your simple looking algorithm also.Hope to learn more in next week
I like algorithm toolbox course a lot ,all concepts starting from basic why algorithm to advanced concepts like dynamic programming are clearly explained. All assignments and mcqs test are up to date and helpul .
I graduated from Computer Science. And I learned not so well in Algorithmic. But through the course, I have a better understanding of common algorithms. Teachers of this course are really great. Thank you a lot.
The content is top notch. Assignments are very helpful. If you are able to solve the problems by yourself, you will learn a lot. The problem that i faced is, some content is very complex, not easy to understand.
Good presentation materials and thorough topic discussions.  Programming assignments are interesting, and challenge your topic knowledge and coding skills. Overall a good class.  I highly recommend this course.
This course is very helpful! I've gained the basics of algorithm design and the three major topics discussed int detail. It would be better if there are more examples for each topic are discussed in the videos.
The course gives a very deep understanding of algorithms. The instructors taught the course in a very interesting way. The assignments were pretty challenging which brings out the algorithmic thinking in you.
Very well structured, good choice of content. All video lectures are engaging and you can feel a lot of though was put into making algorithms explanations both clear and concise. Many thanks to the lecturers.
This course is the best I had seen among every other DSA course. The content, the resources and every other thing there in the course are very useful and the games kinda tools are so fun to use and solve !!
Great course and great content. All the sections were taught very good but i felt that Dynamic Programming section 1 needs to be explained better, especially Alignment problem should be explained in detail.
This is possibly the best way I've learned difficult material to date. Plenty of clues to solve the problems, but not so much as to cheapen the experience. I intend to continue on if my employer permits it.
Awesome course for anyone who wants to learn algorithms. It will be hard but its will much satisfying because you are going to learn a lot and it will make you start thinking differently about writing code.
This course is so good as it provides the audience with lots of hands-on training and it uses an active learning approach which is the best option in learning anything especially in computer science topics.
it's very interesting and challenging course. Good theory and tasksHope I'll be motivated enough to pass this specialization till to the end and the quality  of courses won't getting worsestrongly recommend
It is a well-organized course. The course content is delivered in the simplest possible way. Assignment problems are really good to get a decent grasp over the concepts. I really enjoyed doing this course.
I wanted to revise and remove left out conceptual doubts. This was an amazing course. The video lectures by all 5 Professors were amazing and concise(most importantly). And assignments were of good level.
This is just an awesome course to learn many awesome algorithms. Just loved this course. But questions are somewhat difficult and takes a lot of time than actually allocated... Still, very good course!!
This is very good course. The materials are very interesting, but the best part are programming assignments. I really enjoyed doing them and because of them I decided to go for the whole specialization.
Its very decent course for a programmer who wants to increase efficiency of a code in an algorithm.It also teaches dynamic programming approach which helps to solve complex problems without difficulty.
in week 6 if possible please give more example of dp conepts as i had no backgound related to datastructure and algorithm i had very difficulty in understanding it.however the whole course is very nice
A excellent course to begin with competitive programming. Taking up this course helps you to understand many difficult concepts and get a grip over what you learned by solving the assignment questions.
Very good course!! Totally recommended! It takes you from the basics to more advanced topics. They will demonstrate why it's very important know and apply different approaches for algorithmic problems.
Great Course. This series is great but sometimes you will get frustrated because of the questions as it is not easy, make sure to give those a time. Great satisfaction after solving them though
This course is excellent for learning "Data structures and Algorithms" .Programming assignments may be difficult, but through implementing programs, you can understand the way algorithms work .
The course is very helpful for every student it covers all the algorithms in a discipline order starting with examples followed by algorithm and finally some exercise to test what you learnt !!
This is a very useful very rich algorithms course, it is one of the best i have ever attended online, i would really recommend this course to any one who wants a challenging algorithms program.
from this course only i started a continuous coding practice as i learned very important things from this course that helps me to solve any algorithmic problem very easily. Thank you Coursera.
The last topic (dynamic programming) was significantly more challenging than everything else in the course. It was also a topic I have not had previous exposure too -- overall, a great course!
Good coverage of the material, with several videos dedicated to individual topics, accompanied with complementing problem sets which have a decent selection of semi-optional advanced problems.
Great course! My only concern was that some of the homeworks seemed to take a little longer than advertised, but I really appreciate getting in-depth practice solving these types of problems.
This is a good course which improved my algorithmic thinking skills and taught me some algorithms which can be used to solve problems. This course enabled me with the tools to solve problems
I loved this course as it has taught me the basics of every algorithm that needs to be implemented in  daily life of a programmer.I have learned a good amount of techniques from this course.
Really an Amazing Experience and get to learn so much in short time, Even harder Algorithms are starting to get clicked in my neurons... Thank you Teachs for so much Knowledge and Practice..
A really really good course. All the instructors were great. The course content was perfect, the level of programming assignments is good. Overall a very detailed course. Highly Recommended!
It was awesome to be part of this course.I started learning Dynamic Programming for the first time with this course.Thanks to Lecturers and Professors and University for making this Course.
Great course! The programming assignments are very helpful in understanding the topics in the course. It would be better if the threshold to pass the assignment is increased to 50% or more.
It was a course worth spending my time for..The assignments were of very good quality and the topics were taught very well , also the teaching staff of this course were very well informed.
This course was really helpful, I have learnt more from this course than I have from my college. The only problem I had was that I found it hard to understand one of the professors accent.
I had a very good experience doing this course. I have refined my algorithmic skills with this course and can apply the concepts really well at competitive programming. Thanks to coursera!
I thought this was really helpful for my day to day career as a developer. It helped give me better tools to talk about what I am working on as well as introducing me to some new concepts.
This course is great and has helped me get started well with algorithms. Thanks, Coursera, and the partners. Learning with implementation examples in different languages is really great.
This is an excellent course as it forces you to think. It took me over two months to complete and at times it felt really hard but now that I have finished it, I am really glad I did.
It is an absolutely best guide for the intermediate learners trying to gain a sharper knowledge on algorithms and techniques which they know about but find it difficult to understand!
Very well organised series and all problems are explained with the help of good examples, you need basic programming understanding of functions and arrays to go through these lecture.
this course has made me speed up my algorithms of my programs and  the puzzles provided before a particular topic are so good that we can understand how we should approach a problem.
The course is really good and provides a good understanding. Just the assignments provided are too tough which I a good thing but there is no proper information on how to solve them.
I really enjoy this course, and I can definitely say that this specialization is perfect for those who would like to learn programming from the base and use it in different languages
I have solved more problems in this course compared to any other courses. This course has laid foundation to solve more problems in Dynamic Programming. Thank you to the entire team.
every important concept are cleared in this course.This course gives you idea to how to take right approach by giving tools like greedy algo, divide & conquer and dynamic approach.
coursera is really a best platform to learn the new skills . this course will definitely helped me a lot for getting my new job. fresher's like me are really thankful to coursera.
I am embedded software engineer, I want to learn more about computer science. This course give me usefull techniques to solve problem. Thanks instructor for well lecture and slide
Awesome course. Great exercises (although can be frustratingly challenging at times!) Divide and conquer and dynamic programming new to me, have learned a lot. Highly recommended!
Great course! explanations are good, problems are challenging enough to help truly understand the material. No nonsense. Highly recommend to who is beginning to learn algorithms.
Love how clear the professors explain the not-so-straighforward context. I enjoyed every single moment. The assignments constitute the biggest part of understanding and learning.
The course provided me with a very solid foundation of algorithms and provided an excellent array of homework challenges.  Every intermediate programmer should take this course.
The course is fundamentally useful, this helped me out a lot to discover my enthusiasm since my background is non-IT. I'm on the way to the second course in this specialization!
Really good comprehensive overview of fundamental algorithmic techniques. The programming assignments are challenging at times, but the forums are super helpful for discussions.
Unbelievable skills , knowledge I got from this platform thanks Coursera for providing me this such a great opportunity to learn from practitioner's thanks a lot I'm very happy
The course instructors were very enthusiastic which definitely increased the excitement of learning. Assignments are challenging in the later weeks which is a huge plus point.
The course is very nice and i enjoyed most of the parts, however i think we can do better in the dynamic programming lessons , it was very hard to keep up with the instructor.
It was an amazing experience to be a part of this course,i learnt problem solving skill,code optimization stress testing and it was fun while solving the program assignments.
All the faculties are best in their fields and explained every topic so nicely and with perfect examples that even the most difficult topics became much easier to understand.
Programming assignments are well calibrated in terms of difficulty and are where most of my learning happened. Alexander Kulikov stands out as a particularly good instructor.
Its increased my thinking ability, now I am way to write efficient algorithm ad well as program. I recommend to every programmer should join this course and take advantage.
This course teaches the basics of algorithms. I watched it on 1.75 times speed with pauses at important points, because a lot of it is repetitive, especially the beginning.
superb programming assignments, created sophisticated logic for solving high edge problems using O(log n) or O(n logn) complexity, this was very challenging and nice course
Enjoyed the course. Would really appreciate if the auto-grader for assignments was for individual questions instead of all the questions clubbed together in an assignment.
Excellent course material for learning about data structure and Algorithms.Also a great help if you want to improve or start competitive programming to get a better start
It was my first time doing a Coursera curse. I'm really happy with the level and the learning curve.I'm going to keep learning with the website and the University.Thanks!
Awesome explanation by lecturers n the problems they provide are bit tough,but it increase our thinking capacity n the implementation of algorithms to the exact problem!!
It's a very good course, I love the fact that we learn through exercises, even though some exercises can be challenging you learn a lot by at least trying to solve them.
A very helpful course. helped me a lot in knowing the depth of DP, Greedy algorithms. In all a must course for beginners who want to strengthen their base of algorithms.
My first MOOC, I learned so much, the lessons are clear and the exercises diversified, I encourage everyone to do the Algorithmic Toolbox, you will surely not regret it.
I loved this course! Very thorough and clear explanations of the concepts, and projects that were a stretch but at the same time I didn't feel thrown into the deep end.
Very good base in algorithms! My only request is, please reply to forum comments as it is difficult when programs fail and we do not know the test cases they failed on!
Excellent introduction to algorithms, though it can be quite challenging for beginners. Very good assignments for practice too. Good job to the course content creators.
I learned a lot by from this course .programming assignments are challenging and made me  a better programmer .I would like to thank coursera for providing this course
This course "Algorithmic Toolbox" by Coursera is of great importance as it makes us learn to develop required Algorithms for different problems from scratch. loved it.
I feel really challenged about this course, things were becoming tough but with the help of the videos i totally understood the main idea behind every algorithm taught
Very good and interesting. I love this course a lot. Thank you for taking the time to teach other students. Definitely will take the time to look back at this course.
I've learned a big deal from this course and I want to thank all the wonderful people who prepared this course, taught it and otherwise made this possible. Thank you!
This is my first course on coursera and i am very much excited to learn, Now after completing this course i am very much excited to learn other new stuff on coursera.
It is an excellent course that helped me rise above my fears. Specially in Dynamic Programming. The Instructors have put really a great effort in making this course.
Great Course for a beginner in the field of designing and analyzing algorithms. Got to learn a lot and also practice a lot with challenging programming assignments.
It was a great course. The Level of Questions were great. Though they were difficult to solve, it gave a great joy in solving them. A Wonderful Course in my opinion
Good Course, I like the part that we can select our programming language,  The programming assignments are really helpful to practice and understanding the concept.
Highly engaging and challenging course. Helped me fill the gaps from the time I studied this subject at University. Recommended for CS students and graduates alike.
It was a great challenge and best time spending on #stayathome. Thank you very much. I will recommend this course to everybody and will try other ones at coursera.
I would suggest everyone to take this course  who wants to study Algorithms.the assignments are tough to solve.i gained much knowledge how to handle big problems..
This is an excellent course for beginner programmers. The assignments are very helpful. Worth spending time on. I learned a lot during the weeks I did this course.
This course is exactly what I wanted . Although I know the programming languages I wanted to know how to use it to build some good algorithms. Really great course.
The lectures and exercises are awesome. I can not believe it I can solve hard problems by myself. Now I'm very confident to talk about algorithms. Thanks creators.
Lectures were superb and algorithms really required me to use long hours of thinking .It was so hard to complete that I had crying until last Week's assignments .
the lectures were helpful but it was hard to understand a few concepts. the assignments were very goodand it checked your ability to write an efficient algorithm.
i Really learned A lot from The Course Helped Me , to look into problems from Different ways and how to logically think of a faster algorithm to solve the problem
A great course for beginners. I learnt a lot of new things from the course especially the really efficient and much needed algorithmic techniques. Had great fun!!
Well presented material. Good pace od lectures - short but fully understandable. Different instructors (you won't get bored ;)). Very good programming assigments.
This course is really good, it taught us many approaches to solve algorithms which we can't learn ourselves. The teaching staff explains every concept very well.
I really want to thank the professors in this course, they provided the information in a unique way!i loved this course and i would give it more than 10 stars !!
i have been through week 1 and week 2 lectures and and they are completely convincing to even a DSA beginner like me to be more enthusiastic towards the course .
You could have involved more questions based on thinking about the algorithm and discussion about the solutions to the practice problems. Otherwise it was great.
Amazing course in every means, concepts are explained very well and programming assignments provided make you the master of technicalities of algorithms design.
Great course with challenging material and very helpful explanations. Highly recommend if you're trying to improve your programming and problem solving skills!
The theory was explained in a neat and easy manner. Assignment questions were really interesting and helped me to develop a better understanding of the topic.
Basic programming for data structures in some common programming languages would have been very much helpful especially for some who are starting with scratch
This course is very instructive and homework is a very good practice. I highly recommend this course if you want to take one of computer science core courses
Had a wonderful experience and learning during the sessions attended for this course. Quizzes and programming assignments enhanced programming  skills a lot.
Highly recommend that! You can really learn some fundamental algorithms in a systematical way, like the Dynamic Programming or the Conquer and Divide method.
A detailed course with many challenging problems. In addition, they put the effort to mathematically prove all claims. Definitely worth the time investment.
The course brings a lot of knowledge for me, help me to improve the expertise and foreign language teachers are very easy to understand, clear pronunciation
It was exceptionally good course that helped me in grasping the concept of algorithms in depth.And the Professsors deserves a Big cheers up. And Thank you.
This course gives you good examples for algorithms what makes them much easier to understand. The programming assignments are interesting and challenging.
The short videos won't bore you out. The visualization of every algorithm with examples really helped me.The assignments have been very helpful. Thank you
Excellent course, I like a lot of competitive programming and this course I learned some topics that I didn't know, I wait for the next course is better.
Lot of experience got from solving many problems given in the assignments.Great Teachers with really good course structure. Keeps the course interesting.
This was my first taste of algorithm design--I loved it! The course was challenging but just easy enough for me to get through in an unfamiliar language.
This is an awesome course for beginners who are wishing to learn algorithms. I enjoyed it very much, some challenging problems are asked in assignments.
I got the introductory knowledge of algorithms also find various kind of interesting question that blow my mind and most interresting part is assignment
This course gave me knowledge about ways of solving various problems via programming. I also learnt some new algorithms to use and about big O notation.
Well organized. It would be better if the test cases could all be shown to give the test taker a hint on how to improve or change the programme. Thanks!
This course is designed with a lot of thought behind it and using basically every mainstream programming language makes it even more fun to participate.
Quite useful course for competitive programmers.If you want to improve your rating in competitions tremendously then this course is definitely for you.
An interesting yet informative course with challenging assignments (for me, a chemistry student). I surely have improved my algorithm knowledge a lot.
Amazing Course. I have been looking for this kind of course for months.Must for anyone who wants to be good in Competitive Programming and Algorithms
Very fine course. Had a chance to learn many new things. I loved the standard of this course. It was my first course on coursera as well. Thank You.
This course has some amazing questions which i struggled solving before attending the course but now i am confident enought to solve this questions.
This was my first course in Data Structures and algorithms. I got to learn a lot of new concepts.Thanks, Instructors for such an informative content
The assignments and quizzes are very thought provoking and teach a lot about problem solving approach to many classical problems in Computer science
Thanks for this awesome course.  It helped me a lot to improve my theoretical knowledge in building complex solutions based on different approaches.
Great course! I really enjoyed taking it. I think it is very challenging and it definitly updates your algorithmic's skills and changes your thnking
It's not too much work. For someone who wants to take programming classes online but also may have a variant amount of time, this course is perfect.
The course was good and informative........But the dynamic programming part was a bit difficult and can be improved more for better understanding..
Wonderful set of assignments emphasising on conceptual understanding rather than mere theory. Loved this course. Thanks to all the faculty members.
Very clear in explanations, I learnt a lot of new cool stuff.Assignments aren't always so trivial but there's always a hint to help in solving them
there was a language problem , and it would have been better if the explanation was not always in the form of expression but followed IRL examples
The course is wonderful and challenging! But the learning experience gets extremely frustrating when the grader does not give you the test cases.
Excellent course!  Very structured and well designed. Instructors are very knowledgeable and presentation of the material is very well organized.
This course taughtme, more than algorithms, it teach new ways to solve complex and simple problems thinking outside the box. I totally loved it.
Really rigorous testing compared to other courses. learned a lot by engaging in the problems. Great thanks to the  professors for organizing it!
Explanations were thorough, and the problem sets helped me gain a better understanding of the concepts with challenging but doable problem sets.
love the challenging questions, the only request is that you provide a way to get solution to some problems if we cannot make it after sometime
Great course to go through. Loaded with lots of challenging problems. I would recommend this course to anyone, trying to learn basic algorithms
Best course for learning basic algorithms and understanding the working of algorithms.thank you coursera for providing great courses like this.
A great introductory course which deals with some of the most important algorithms that are handy in dealing with different types of problems.
If you want to learn algorithm then go for it. Really amazing course by coursera. This course is really to grows your skills in the algorithm.
Thank you coursera for allowing me to learn and improving my knowledge in algorithmic toolbox.I feel very lucky and blessed . Thank you!!!!
Concise yet comprehensive course in algorithms. Lecturers are true pros, assignments are quite demanding. I am glad I finished this course.
Really solid basic CS fundamentals. Very well presented. The programming assignments ranged from easy to pretty challenging. Good material.
course is so rich in programming assignment problems, tutor are accomplishing their jobs perfectly i.e. delivering all necessary content .
No other MOOC has this kind of vivid and rich content explained broadly.The courses's assignments are one of its kind,challenging yet cool
The ideas I learned about the classical algorithms and their run-times are really useful and interesting. The problems are also very good.
I am a Computer Science student and have all the algorithms in my syllabus as well. But, this course unlocked my third eye in algorithms.
Excellent instructors and ample problem assignments make this a great course. The dynamic programming sections could use better lectures.
A very useful piece of knowledge for software developers, especially after they get a bit of practice and need to refine their knowledge.
Very helpful and solid. The practice and home work not difficult but not too easy. It's great for who need to review or new to algorithm.
A great course. To get the most from this course need to do all the recommended readings(or equivalent) and solve all homework questions.
Great course. Good examples used in the course and for the assessments. Helps in understanding the need of Algorithms to solve problems.
This course helped me improve my skills and now I believe I can do better in competitive coding. Thanks to coursera and the Instructors.
Great introductory course!Very elegant instructions and extremely useful practice problems.Would recommend every one enroll this course.
This course is the basic of specialization and helped a lot to understand algorithms in a better way. Thanks so much to are the teachers
This course helped to start my journey of Data Structure and Algorithm's. It contains plenty of example and its just fun learning it :)
This was an amazing course. I got to learn a lot. The assignments were very well designed and helped understanding the concepts better.
This was really helpful. The level of questions and the quality of video tutorials were of top class. Worth a shot. Thank you Coursera.
Very detailed and thorough discussions about each concept and problem. Great class to challenge yourself with. Enjoyed it immensely. :)
Amazing course!   Highly recommended to everyone.  I've actually taken an algorithms course in university, and this one is much better!
great course, covers the basic algorithms and techniques thoroughly. great for someone who is just starting in the field of algorithms.
It  was a good course. It had some difficult yet interesting assignments that helped me gain amazing insights about the course content
A little difficult problems if you don't have any kind of background, but it its great if you have some prerequisites, great material
It is the best  algorithmic course ever as it gives you varieties of questions which you will find yourself indulged with great zeal.
This was a really fun class with a lot of hands on programming assignments. I feel like I finally got the hang of dynamic programming
This was a very well structured course with very nice programming assignments. Real effort had to be put to get through this course .
Amazing course. Challenging problems. Every problem explained with great details. Even the professors are great and knowledgeable.  .
Course Content and assignments were GOLD!! Really really gooooooodd.Thank you very much instructors for this course, loved it🤩🤩🤩.
i learnt a lot of things i know it took very long to complete this course but really it was fun and i learnt many things. thank you!
This was the best course to learn algorithms. I learned a lot form it, and looking forward to other courses from the specialization.
An awesome course having the best content & appropriate knowledge. Will recommend to everyone. Thank you for such a wonderful piece.
Although the lecture is not as good as enough, the programming assignments and the organization of this course are pretty excellent.
I'm very delightful to all my teachers, and I would be visiting these lectures again and again to keep the topics fresh in my mind.
A very nice introduction to solving algorithmic problems in general. Liked the fact that testing techniques are emphasized so much.
This is a great primer for algorithms and goes one step further than similar courses I've taken by introducing dynamic programming.
This is a must for everyone out there who wish to improve their algorithm skills. Their is so much that I learned only in 2 weeks.
Great course. The team is doing a great work improving it all the time and the grading system and lecture are really good as well.
Very informative. I am a self-taught programmer, and this definitely helps with the programmer's mindset. Definitely challenging.
Great class for students with some elementary programming background who are eager to learn the fundamentals of algorithm design.
An excellent course. The video lectures are brief but explain the main points very well. The assignments are very well organised.
A well designed course, with challenging assignment problems. The best part, this course comes with fair quantum of mathematics.
This is a must study for every software programmer. This course has really opened my approach to problem solving and efficiency.
The best course to learn dynamic programming and divide and conquer algorithm, Thanks to all teachers for designing this course
It is amazing course. It presents the toolbox in a sequence of incremental levels to help you completely understand each level.
The method and the procedures taught in this course were totally new for me and really improved my logic and reasoning skills.
We can get a clear concept of algorithm and dynamic programming. This course helped me to think loud on a given set of problem
This course was really great. It helped me to learn the concepts  and algorithms more clearly than my college. Thanks a lot .
It was a very nice, structured course and really helped me to grasp the basics of algorithms, especially Dynamic Programming.
This course is the best one to learn algorithmic design and complexity analysis from scratch to advanced level. Loved it ! ;)
A tough course no doubt, but you learn all the classic problem solving techniques in computer science. Well worth the effort.
Excellent course! The level is not very advanced but not too trivial either. The set of exercises are very well put together.
The best tutorial to study algorithmthe three approach to solve a problem is awesomeGreedyDivide & conquerDynamic Programming
Very good course.. Problems are ranging from easy to difficulty.One can easily learn the techniques used to learn the course
Excellent challenging course. Highly recommended for technical people who want to learn the foundations of Computer Science.
Excellent compilation to increase your productivity. Interesting tasks and great system to check your algorithm. Great work!
This course really offers a perfect blend of theory and problems. I learnt a lot on how to approach a problem and debug it.
Excellent set of programming exercises and requires some effort on the learner's part. A very good and well-defined course.
this course is very useful. Every topic is covered here and the assignments were also very effective to check your concept.
Nice balance of practical and theoretical knowledge! Absolutely recommend for anyone looking to review algorithm concepts.
Very good course, with many examples and clear explanations, programming assigments are really chellenging, but fun to do
The overall course is very good. I feel that the dynamic programming section should be improved everything else is great.
The course itself is good, all information is correct and useful. Nice to have so many languages to implement algorithms.
Nice course! Definitely, I have learned a lot. To be all honesty, I find myself sleeping sometimes during the lectures =)
A superb introduction to an algorithmic approach to problem-solving. A must for those interested in competitive coding.
It is an amazing course for a newbie programmer to gain sufficient knowledge about algorithmic design and application.
As the videos are short and effective ,its fun watching these videos and learning new skills.Trully a very good course
Great Experience, been ignoring dynamic programming for soooo...... long, now I finally understand it. Thank You !!!!!
Was very helpful in making the basics clear, and now I've got a idea of how to solve a problem in the most optimal way
Probably one of the best courses to start with. Basics are explained in a good manner. Lectures can still be improved.
Enjoyed the course. The lectures explain the concepts well enough. Programming assignments are challenging but doable.
This cource is really very nice. This has enhanced my problem solving skills in programming language very efficiently.
The programming assignments are the best thing about this course. They will make you think and are quite fun to solve.
Excellent course structure paced really well for beginners as well as for someone requiring to brush up their skills.
The building concepts of algorithms is given importance and as a result my interest  throughout course has been good.
Excellent course! Assignments are fun to do. They have a good balance of theory and practice. I highly recommend it.
It was very nice. I learned a lot about the different kind of algorithms that you can use to solve complex problems.
I enjoyed the course a lot and would recommend it to anyone who's getting their feet wet in the world of algorithms.
Really great, helped me a lot in understanding concepts like divide and conquer and dynamic programming. Thank you!
It was just the right course for me ...All the contents of course helped me a lot in competitive coding as well  :)
it is an excellent course. By the end of the course, you will learn how to design an algorithm in an efficient way.
Very nice developed course. All lectures are interesting and topics are very important at algorithms understanding.
Excellent quality, loved the quizzes and graded assignments, completely worth the time and money! Highly recommend!
Great Course...especially for someone who doesn't have  a CSE background but is immensely interested in learning it
I really enjoying these course, specially the assignments are challenging problems which makes these course great.
This was indeed an interesting and challenging course! I did get to revise and improve my knowledge of Algorithms.
I found this course very helpful, the explanation is very nice and subtle. Also the assignments are well designed.
This is a great and very helpful course to learn algorithm. The course materials are very clear and easy to learn.
I'm very greatfull to your team for this amazing course. I've enjoyed it much. I will recomend it to my collegues.
It's really insightful, It would be great if the test cases for each problems, shared with the student. Thank you!
Very good subject and very good topics presented. Professors are very good. And the video presentation is awesome.
Excellent course. Very insightful and should be a must for anyone interested in computer science and algorithms.
Loved the procedure for getting through this course. Covered most of the interesting programming tricks and tips
This Course challenged me and felt like I went to college again. Thanks for all the efforts put into this course
By the end of this course I have gained enough confidence and also feel enlightened towards design of algorithm.
Awesome course. Well explained with lots of examples.The must see if interested about the basics of algorithmic.
Very good content and great professors, I like the short duration of lectures and more emphasis on assignments..
I like stress test and the basic concepts including greedy, divide and conquer and dynamic  Programming- Thanks
Complex and lengthy concepts are explained very nicely and can be understood by anyone. Worth learning subject.
Incredible course covers all the basic content that gave in the university in the first semester in a good way.
I am very happy to learn this course. I learned many algorithms from it and many skills to solve many problems.
This was really an eye opener . I realised how important basic fundamentals are in solving a difficult problem
IF YOU REALLY NEED TO FULL FILL  THE GAP BETWEEN YOUR THINKING AND THE OPTIMAL SOLUTION GO FOR THIS COURSE. :)
this course helped me in practicing data structures and clearing my basic concepts which were not very clear .
Very good introductory course to learn algorithm design techniques, and write better and more efficient code.
An exception and resourceful course from best instructors n teachers globally.I am glad to be a part of this.
Many thanks to all the respectful instructors for a wonderful course like this. I have learnt a lot from it.
Excellent course. Clear instructions. Concise structure. However, the discussion forums aren't very helpful.
The assignments are pretty good! It gives you a complete practice of various algorithms in computer science.
The course content was nice and concise. Looking forward to applying these in my coming coding competitions.
It was really a great course. Thanks to the instructors for being very clear and precise in their teaching.
Excellent course , helped a lot to learn and explore new ideas and algorithms.Thank-You Algorithmic Toolbox
Everything taught was great and has helped me lot. The coarse taught me new things which were very helpful.
Its amazing due to new questions... its a best course if you have to learn algorithm... I really mean it..
was perfect to start and thanks to instructor, I cleared many confusions and learned some nice new logics.
one of the best course online and the level of questions were very goodit took some time but was worth it
The quality of practice problems is good.i understood the concepts because of the programming assinments.
Excellent course! If you want to learn about basic principles of algorithm design, then take this course.
Very nice course, I really liked the homework problems, I think most of them are enlightenment exercises.
This is one of the best ways to teach this course of algorithms, thank you, you gave me a path to coding
Great course! The assignments are of high quality and solving problem is challenging but worth the time.
Amazing learning experience. Thank you Standford University and Coursera for this wonderful opportunity.
very helpful, practically teach you how to apply basic programming while learning differernt algorithms.
Informative, with minimal theory - it is plus for me, because allow save time. Some tasks is not easy :)
Wow, such a great course i have learnt many new algorithm that can help me in near future at job i wish
Assignments are really good. Most of the important algorithms are covered and added to the assignments.
Excellent course! Interesting, easy-to-understand, very good lecture sildes and programming assignment!
Solutions are explained with too much detail. You should give the student a chance to learn by herself.
Great course to understand different categories of Algorithms and which one to apply to solve a problem
Its a great course to build your algorithm skills .Had a great help in strengthening my core concepts.
This course gave me ability to think and design logic and algorithms for various programming problems.
I really love this course, but the problem is that I hope to have better texts to read and understand.
The programming assignments are great, with the right amount of challenge to help fixate the learning.
Algorithm Toolbox is an awesome course for getting started with problem thinking and problem solving!
This course prepared very well. Improved my programming skill thanks to good programming assigments.
Excellent course for beginner! It would be even better if more tips for assignments can be provided.
Gives you very good insight into Algorithms basics that gets you going great with advanced courses.
Excellent course! I learnt a lot of new ways to solve the problems which could take a lot of time.
This is my first computer science online course I have taken. I learn a lot doing the assignments.
One of the best courses I have completed till now. It's quite satisfying to complete such courses.
Excellent .. Programming skills to solve any problem using Algorithm will be drastically improved.
It is a wonderful but i recommend some examples on slides on python or c++ to clarify the concepts
Solid! Key for anyone wanting that strong computing foundation independent of programming language
It is an amazing, informational course, which helped me a lot in improving my programming skills!
One basic thing I learnt from this course is how to approach problems in an efficient way.Cheers!
Extremely useful course, that will improve your understanding of the core algorithmic techniques.
Thanks for the Coursera. It completely changes the way you analyze the problem. Totally awesome.
One of the best courses I took !! I learned a lot of techniques to solve computational problems.
the lessons are brilliant. Though the grader can be more user-friendly as far as i am concerned.
Amazing experience .Learnt a lot of things though couldn't complete 100% of all the assignments.
Well elaborated lectures and well designed assignments. Great introductory course for algorithms
Very helpful introduction to algorithms. Liked the format of learning through examples problems.
The Dynamic Programming Pt2 lectures get a little confusing. But other than that, a masterclass
Good content and coverage. I really liked the assignment problems. Thank you Coursera and UCSD.
These courses are very well explained, allowing to think for yourself about solving algorithms.
I am a beginner in DS and Algo. But this course is great. The only pre-requisite is good maths.
It is just the course for the starters..The assignments are must...Excellent course....loved it
it's a very helpful course, this course helps me improve baseline knowledge. Thank you so much!
This course is a really good course, the content and lectures are well focused and thought out.
It's a great course for both the newbies and the programmers who want to brush up their skills.
Anyone who want to develop skills of analyzing and developing algorithms must take this course.
Some features of this course are too good like Dynamic Programming. Thanks for helping me out .
Great lectures delivered with nice demonstrations and good practice problems. Helped me a lot.
Really good content for beginners. Also, for intermediate coders, Week 4-6 are extremely good.
Useful course. Just after a few lessons i become much more convenient in my knowledge. Thanks)
Really Great Course , with awesome solving approaches.                          Thanks a lot.
Very complex things are explained in the best possible ways, Really impressed bt this course.
Great course to enhance your algorithm building skills.Teachers and resources are quite good.
Thank you very much! I am looking forward to joining the second course of the specialization.
A Great Course for beginners to enhance their knowledge about the basics of data structures.
Dynamic Programming is no more a nightmare for me! Thanks to course instructors and Coursera
Thank you to the team of course era for helping me and guiding me to accomplish this course.
the best algorithms course. I've seen and solved some of the hardest problems in this course
Very deep, gives great understanding of Algorithms and how to implement them in various ways
It`s a very good course that covers some of the most fundamental concepts behind algorithms!
Amazing course, all the concepts are very well explained and the assignments were good too.
nice Course helped me lot to improve my concepts and skills.Great to go through this course
It's a great course which helped me in a greater extent to enhance my concept in Algorithm.
Great lectures and materials. Good selections of problems. A Good way to recap algorithms.
This course is exceptionally well made and helped me to improve my skills to great extent.
amazing power of dynamic programming. Amazing tutors. One of the best courses on Coursera.
I am happy to do this course and the lecture of this course was understandable.It was good
I felt rushed to finish because I fell behind, but the vides and resources were great help
I enrolled in this specialization by mistake. I am unable to unenroll. Please unenroll me
Awesome introduction to algorithms with a lot of challenging and interesting assignments!
The programming assignments are great. They help you build strong algorithm design skill.
Fantastic course to get started.Learned a lot from this course especially coding skills.
Excellent course content and brilliant instructors kept me engaged throughout the course
It is really great way to learn and helpful in skill improvement and professional growth
Thanks to all professors for this awesome and valuable course,materials and assignments.
Extremely useful course! Have learned a lot new information about algorithms. Thank you.
It was an awesome experience and this course is all one needs to get good at algortihms.
I have learnt a lot from this course .it was designed fantastic from basic to advanced.
Loved it so far, you have to think very hard in order to pass all the auto grader tests
Great material ! Challenging problems ! Gave me the confidence of solving hard problems
Great course! I've learnt  a lot and have deeper understanding of algorithm. Thank you!
I love the whole explanations and outline... i'd recommend this to me in the next world
Another one of Coursera's trademark course. Really awesome for beginners in Algorithms.
Great course with interesting non trivial tasks, and the book is brilliant. Thank you.
Great content that changed the way I approach designing different types of algorithms!
Excellent Course Enjoyed very much. I think one of the best course to practice coding.
Some problems can be hard but it is definitely worthwhile as I learn't new algorithms.
Astrocious course because I started as beginner but iam swamped in dynamic programming
Great course! It would even greater if it would be more real-life-application-centric.
This is the greatest course I have ever taken because its assignments taught me a lot.
Great for anyone who wanted to learn some basic algorithm . Not too much easy or hard.
It was a great experience for me to learn the basics of data structure and algorithms.
please provide sample i/p and o/p for an assignment . otherwise course is really good
This course was great, it was really challenging and just the thing I was looking for
This Course was very Excellent, i have learnt a lot, although it was very Challenging
I like it very very much. I would like to recommend this course to all of my friends.
Fun! Let us know what the failed test cases are, though. The grading is a black-box.
Gave me a good insight into Algorithms.Helped me to explore new things.Thanks a ton.
Really iam so so so happy :) this course is the best course i met before :) <3 <3 <#
Nice course for grasping the basics of algorithms and brushing up on your concepts.
Would like explanations of few algorithms to have more clarity.Otherwise very good.
it was the best course till now. i have recomended it to all my friends and juinors
Good Course. Helped a lot in grasping the concepts of Algorithms. Totally worth it.
Very good design of course. It seems simple at the beginning but later very useful.
This was a great course. I learned most used algorithmic approaches. thank you....
Great would recommend, worth it only if you are planning on doing the assignments.
Loved the problem sets. Instructions were clear. Honestly such a fantastic course.
Very nice toolbox as it helped me in better understanding of my algorithm concepts
All the general algorithms are covered in good depth. Assignments are challenging.
A well structured course, programming assignments are set at an appropriate level
A vary good course that actually teach to how to transform ideas into algorithms.
Good for mastering the algorithmic skills and for implementation for CS students.
Excellent material and very well explained, thank you so much for the opportunity
A very good introduction to Algorithmic techniques. Well worth the cost of entry!
I thought, it's hard to learn algorithms but this toolbox made it easy to learn.
Very clear introduction to algorithm basics. Reasonable quizzes and assignments.
A well thought out course. Amazing teachers. Thorough assignments. Helped a lot.
Indeed a very nice course to start learning about different kinds of algorithms.
It was a fantastic course, took me a month to complete it but it was worth it !
It was a bit difficult at beginning but after going through videos it was easy.
Not only the videos but the online puzzles and reading materials are very good.
Gave deep insight of algorithms. Very helpful as taught everything from basics.
Great course! I really enjoyed completing it. Some tasks are too complex though
Great course which every engineers should learn,although a little bit difficult
Very good course on algorithms,particularly useful for competitive programming.
i is very beneficial for improving our skill.i am happy to choose this course.
I like the set of assignments in the course. Well organized and well explained
Very helpful course! Goes over a lot of concepts I see come up with Comp Sci a
Loved the course, and the way the teachers taught! Learnt a lot of new things!
Its is too much beneficial in understanding the coding stuffs more precisely.
Great course on algorithms. It really gives me the way how to solve problems.
I am totally satisfied with this course! it includes lots of useful knowledge
This course is the best way to study algorithms. It is really great! Love it!
Perfect syllabus, perfect teaching, great assignments to get great knowledge.
This is awesome and problems are challenging which pushes me towards my goal.
It will be helpful if more real world problem examples are solved in course.
Excellent course syllabus. Really helpful for covering all basic algorithms.
Interesting and challenging problems, I was happy going through this course.
Best course ever which covered almost everything which a professional needs.
Awesome course.Got to learn a lot of basic and daily use algorithms from it.
Great course learned a ton! Very difficult if not at an intermediate level .
I was new to algorithms or C++. It was challenging. But I really enjoyed it.
I have finished the specialization. This course has a nice starting toolbox!
This is a fantastic course. Great material well supplemented by assignments.
its easy to understand and this course is very useful to develop my carrier
best course for improving your coding skill inspire you to code in new ways
THIS COURSE IS VERY GOOD IN CONTENT AND ASSIGNMENT AND IN PROGRAMMING ALSO.
Very good course, learned about different kinds of algorithms and its usage
The course content is well designed and covers all the basics of Algorithm.
Thank you for this Great course, rich materials and challenging assignments
good course teachers are good and they explain everything in very easy way.
Very good course for a newbie developers and for refreshing your knowledge.
A very good course with a mix of straightforward and challenging problems.
wonderful coursea must for those who want to start competitive programming
a great learning process _learnt a great deal_feels like a real  classroom
I was great! A lot of useful and interesting tasks to improve your skills.
Great course! Helped me a lot, courses taught this well keep me motivated!
Amazing course about algorithms. Complex things described by common words.
This course developed my coding skill and i learned a lots of new things.
A nice review of typical algorithmic methods. Many exercices to practice.
I enjoyed the course; specially the dynamic programming part.  Thank you.
Taught me a lot, got challenging around dynamic programming but loved it!
I really enjoyed the problems. I would strongly advise to solve them all.
Learn some new and very interesting things. It covered my doubts as well.
A brilliant course to get you started on data structures and algorithms.
Great Learning! Excellent Instructors. Thank you for this amazing course
very good lessons, a little changllenge for me, especially last lectures
could give an example on how to write the algorithm on a coding language
awesome experience with the coursera and the course quality are extreme.
Best Algorithm Course. A basic idea for getting started with algorithms.
Very well structured content that isn't too overwhelming for a beginner.
great leacture! thank youand keep it free for video except certification
This course is good for one who want to learn the basic concept of dsa.
course assignments are difficult and interesting I enjoyed solving them
This was a great course, special thanks for well organized assignments.
Pretty good course and refresher. Enjoyed working through the problems.
This course was very interesting and help me to understand algorithms.
A nice learning experience along with fabulous practice of algorithms.
Very nice introduction to algorithms and O-notation! Highly recommend!
This course was really helping for me as i got to learn a lot from it.
Best Course for clearing basics of DS and Algorithms. A must do Course
Learned a lot.The notions of testing and debugging really inspired me.
Really Great for any serious developer who is willing to break grounds
Nice course...cover most of the important topic and with best details
The way this course leads you to algorithmic thinking is really good.
I loved it...Challenging exercises were lil complicated but good good
Get's you going with all the must know basics to be a Data Scientist.
Basic algorithms, explained very clearly, great and helpful homeworks
Instructors were excellent. I recommend this course to all students.
one of the best course for whom just have started to learn algorithm
Great for learning algorithims and making your coding base stronger.
very useful class, a little hard, but it's worth to take this class!
Problems are very helpful. Testing system of the grader is superior.
It was a very good course and it helped me in my programming a lot.
Great course for anyone looking for a future career in programming!
excellentgreat way to develop programming skillsand problem solving
I have learn algorithms and their implementationsThanks to Coursera
You can add extra optional assignment on backtracking in recursion.
Super Course for beginners to venture into the world of Algorithms.
Great course! The Programming Assignments are harder than expected!
This is a very well designed course and it's also easy to catch up!
Best decently passed and well up to date algorithm course out there
Loving the course so far! Best balance between theory and practice!
Good instruction and examples. Easy to understand. So great so far!
One of the best Data Structures Courses Out there . Must go for it
Exceptional course but the explanations should not have been brief
Its a grate course and will for-sure help u learn and grow better.
Very good course and really helpful in understanding the concepts.
its an amazing course. All the concepts are explained efficiently
This course is amazing you can learn many things from this course
Learnt new concepts, and taught me how to think algorithmic-ally.
Excellent course with tons of exercises and interesting lectures.
I really loved this course. They explain every topic so clearly.
very nice experience. lots of algorithms i learn in this course.
I love this course, though the assignments are so hard (for me).
Love it...Was searching for this kind of course for a long time.
everyone should join this course to up ur algorithmic knowledge
Great course, challenging assignmets, learned a lot! Thank you!
A great way to study for an exams and as well as for knowledge.
The most brilliant course as compared to other similar courses.
the course content and mode of delivery was awesome. loved it!!
In depth algorithmic course with good examples and explanations
Great quality. I also recommend getting the book, very helpful.
Perfect course for  advanced developers, starting their career.
A good course, basically cover the algorithm need in interview.
course was excellent but unable to complete assignments in time
A must to do course for everyone interested in Computer Science
very clear explanations and nice problems for practice provided
Tasks are amazing. But sometimes had to google some extra help.
this course is very useful for me to improving my basic skills
very well developed course. I was more than satisfied with it.
This is an amazing course! I had so much fun! Thank you a lot!
very useful and helpful(discussion forum needs to be improved)
Very Nice Content!! Also the resources provided are very good.
It is very detailed course, and have all the standard problems
This is best course to Start . Nice Mentor and Nice Evaluation
Very good course. Basic course for Computer Science graduates.
Great Course to understand the actual working of an algorithm
must do course for computer geeks. easy to understand course.
Fantastic course. It felt good to solve algorithmic Problems.
the best way of teaching s compare to ny other online courses
Very Good course. Best to prepare for campus placement tests.
Great course, with a lot of excercises and practice problems
great experience thankyou for doing such a great work for us
This course is very useful for all Computer science studentd
Really enjoyed it. Very challenging, and a great foundation.
very informative course and assignment is full of challenges
I t  is a very nice course. Learned a lot of new Algorithms.
Its a very helpful course for starting to desing algorithms
I one of the best courses out there, it is simply brilliant
Exceptional teaching, intuitive puzzles and great problems.
it helps me a lot in building and solving real life problem
This is a good course for revising algorithms fundamentals.
Learned a great deal and got a good amount of practice! :)
its a very good course i will surely likely to do it again
Very good...If you work honestly, there is a lot to learn!
Great videos. Makes you learn algorithm in interesting way
This is an excellent course, I've learned so much. thanks!
Hope to have great experience with this course. Thank You!
Best Beginner's Course for Data Structures and Algorithms.
Loved the material and the theoretical part was very clear
Very useful for well understanding basic algorithm method!
So awesome. The challenges were great and I learned a lot!
i really enjoyed this tutorial especially the assignments
very helpful and very good course for learning algorithms
Really introced me to the interesting world of algorithms
The content was really good i learned a lot of new things
Good course! hard problems. Good challenge, learnt a lot.
Great course. Some problems are surprisingly challenging.
Awesome course with very interesting practical exercises.
It was a fantastic course.Plenty of difficult challenges
Great course, but took much more time than was mentioned
Learnt a lot! Particularly enjoyed Alexander's lectures.
The weekly assignments are well designed and interesting
Nice Course Thanks Coursera for such a great platform :
This is one of the best courses I have enrolled myself.
Its a great course and also its instructors. Thank you.
really helpfull and learnt alot from dedicated teachers
best courses of and easy explanation of data structure
So far so good. I wish I had more help from instructor
Fantastic course!  Really interesting and challenging!
Some of the best course i have ever enrolled in...!!!!
Thanks for explaining very clearly the basic concepts.
great program to understand and master the algorithms
Thanks, It is a great course to learn the Algorithms.
The course was really nice  and i totally enjoyed it.
very helpul for learning dynamic programming concepts
Must do the course if want to be good at programming.
Course was very good to develop basics in algorithms.
Amazing and well explained Course, Taught me so much!
Very interesting, especially the programming practice
This was fantastic journey inside world of algorithms
Great courses and assignments. Learn a lot from them.
This course is very good to start algorithmic coding.
Amazing Course Helped me a lot in my learning quest.
It was perfect. I have learned something new. Thanks
Very nice of beginers, DP Module could be more easy.
based course to get advanced knowledge of algorithms
Amazing learning experience due to great professors.
Wonderful course. I am now more confident than ever.
Very good course, particularly if you're a beginner.
Plentiful explanation and a lot of interesting tasks
Very interesting course, and amazing instructors <3
doing this course motivated for full specialisation
This course was excellent and very helpful for all.
It gets a bit hard but definitely worth the effort.
very good foundation  course  with good explanation
One of the wonderfull online tutorial I found ever
Awesome course contents and problems were too good
very nice course on algorithms and data structure.
Excellent course with some great coding challenges
Excellent course on how to optimise your algorithm
Learned a lot of useful techniques in this course.
Outstanding Course with lots of amazing exercises
Thank You, sir, for providing valuable knowledge.
Clear understanding of fundamentals. very helpful
Very detailed course and helps to build the base.
Very important courses for intermediate students.
Amazing varity of questions and videos are awesom
A truly engaging as well as a challenging course!
This course is very useful for competitive coding
Very Helpful in developing algorithmic thinking!!
A great and exciting start for the Specialization
Awesome start! Loved the programming assignments!
Quite helpful to learn the basics of algorithms.
Nice contents and sometimes challenging homework
Great assignments -- Keep up the good work guys!
Excellent lectures and challenging problem sets!
I got very precious knowledge from this course.
very very very nice course and teachings skills
excellent .but please provide the solution code
Awesome course to getting started on algorithms
The course was very good.Learned a lot from it.
Awesome course..I learnt a lot in week 1 itself
Very good, however subs are wrong in many cases
Awesome course. Cannot recommend it more highly
Very good lectures and programming assignments.
Great course. One of the best I have ever met.
A good Course to understand basic of Algorithm
Everything was super. Extremely useful course.
Great Course. A lot thanks to all instructors.
I love programming assignments in this course!
Best course for algorithm design and analysis
very good course for beginners in algorithms.
Good and Precise explanation of the concepts.
Increase your way of thinking to the problems
It is the most helpful course I've ever seen.
A great course for start learning algorithms!
Good course to boost up your algorithm skills
Very advanced course I recommend it too match
I like the assignments provided in the course
Eager to take part in Data Structure course.
awsm everything will be clear very smoothely
Thankyou coursera ! For the amazing course .
Helped me understand the topic more clearly.
Course worth taking for the data structures.
Excellent course ,10 out of 10 . Go for it..
Best Content for best practice and concepts.
Very well structured. Sure to help learners!
Very well organised and 100% useful content
Very nice. Never had a better class for ds.
Amzing course to get start with Algorithms.
instructors are very clear to their topics.
Really enjoyable, and a good learning curve
I enjoyed too much.Thanks for this course.
Awesome course, with interesting problems.
Great course to start learning algorithms!
College quality course. Maybe even better.
Useful to my algorithmic designing skills.
Thank you for offering this awesome class.
Very Good course. It makes you think a lot
I think this course is pretty interesting!
AWESOME course ,A must for any programmer.
Nice course with challenging assignments.
Best algorithm course (at least for me :)
best course and grate learning experience
Awesome Course which is beneficial for us
This is a great course, it is challenging
THIS COURESE IS VERY USEFUL AND EXCELLENT
Great course! Very requried skills taught
Amazing Course. Taught me a lot of basics
good pre course for learning any language
The core concepts are very well explained
Good content . And very good assignments.
One of the best course on DS and Algos!!
Good for both, beginner and experienced.
Overall a good course to build concepts.
World's best algorithms Course!!!!!!!!!!
Good start into the world of algorithms.
great learnign experience with coursera.
Greate course with very useful exercises
Learned heaps, helped me with interviews
Nice materials and challenging problems!
Nice course with meticulous instructions
Great course! Thanks to the instructors!
tough programming questions to practice
great teaching and challenging problems
Good Algorithms  are  taken  together .
It was tough! That's why it's perfect!
great course with very good asignments
Really very good course. Very helpful.
Great course helpful for cs engineers.
Good Introductory course on algorithms
The best online course I've ever seen.
Great collection of helpful exercises!
awesome. just one word, it's: awesome!
I liked that it wasn't multiple choice
Great materials and great assignments.
gave a great insight into programming
i enjoyed a lot and found interesting
complete knowledge of almost all algo
Excellent course and perfectly taught
This course is wonderful for learning
Learned a lot. Thanks for the course!
Very practical and challenging course
Great course! Interesting and useful.
i don't know how to say thanks to you
Awesome!!! Thanks to all instructors.
My first algorithms course in life :D
Fantastic Course! I learned a bunch!
This course is very hard but awesome
The best course for learning coding.
Nice course,  learned a lot from it.
Great course with nice explanation.
Real World DS & AL Optimisation Way
really good courses. help me a lot.
it's a great start with this course
One of th best Courses on Coursera.
Awesome course, awesome algorithms!
That was such an informative course
Really helpful and quite enjoyable
Very good MOOC on basic algorithms
concepts are beautifully explained
i learned and i am grateful to you
very helpful for students in need.
Thanks a lot I learned many things
Awesome explanation, very concise.
learn algoramming and programming
Great Course, enjoyed it a lot !!
nice course. learnt something new
very good and relevant assignment
Amazing content, I learned a lot!
Deep explanations, good examples.
best course in algorithms ever...
good course, thank you very much.
Very interesting topic. Hard push
Lots to learn and a great course.
Good introduction to algorithms !
Thanks for building this course.
good insight and better practice
Its extremely good and fantastic
Very helpful to understand algo.
thank you.it is a amazing course
it is really a wonderful course.
nice course , easy to understand
Awesome course!!Worth doing this
Great depth and good challenges.
Great introduction to algorithms
A very helpful refresher course.
A good review of basic algorithm
very nice course, great teachers
wonderful!!!cool coding problems
Loved the problem in the course.
Very Good.  Waiting new courses~
Very Nice course and instructor
i learned many nice algroithems
Great course to learn algorithm
course is designed very usefull
One of the best starter's pack.
Awesome. A must topic to cover.
nicely managed enjoyed learning
Excellent course and material.
very nice and essential course
Overall a wonderful experience
It was an wonderful experience
Good course for the algorithms
Very important ! Thanks a lot.
Learnt so much! Great content.
Very detailed and well covered
The best course for the topic
Amazing course! Learnt a lot.
Awesome Course on Algorithms.
very good outstanding content
it is very usefull for coding
very educational and pratical
Great class! I learned a lot!
Great and challenging course.
Just  a wonderful experience
Really helpful for beginners
course is good for beginners
it is a really good course .
A very well organised course
Thanks! I really learn a lot
This course was really good!
Good content, easy to follow
Awesome. Learnt many things.
Assignments were very nice.
very good and knowledgeable
now waiting for certificate
Course helped me get a job!
dynamic programming is hard
Great course! Learned a lot
Thank you for  this course.
Amazing course! Motivated!
best course for algorithms
Very useful and practicing
Good practice assignments.
It was quite interesting .
Feel pretty confident now
Awesom Assignment problem
Best course of algorithms
Highly recommend this! :D
The materials are great .
This course is awesome...
Best course for algorithm
good concepts aree taught
A truly marvelous course
nice work by the team !!
Great course to opt for!
Simply the best course.
It was hard this course
Awesome course to learn
very much informational
Amazing course!!! :-)))
this is the best course
The course was great :D
very excited, thanks :)
It was very helpful :)
it's an awesome course
Really Useful Content.
good quality teaching
definitely worths it!
Great course to learn
Great class , thanks!
Its's simply awesome
It was the best!!!!!
very good technology
Great place to start
will improve my dsa
Problems were nice.
Really enjoying it.
very useful cource
Definitely useful!
very useful  to me
Clear explanation!
Cool Course!!!!!!
great course ever
I really had fun.
it was excellent.
Great job guys!!!
Good illustration
Very good cotent
Awesome Content!
Great teachers!!
Undoubtedly cool
Wonderful class！
Really helpful!.
review back more
very helpfull!!
very effective!
hard but great
Great Course
Very excited
its fabulous
cool one
