course material is very old. from 2013. I would highly recommend to update the study material. it was very disappointing that I was not able to get the picture of current drug development
Compare to other courses like python for everybody, this lecture is too boring, all they did was, they kept on reading the slides
I only looked at the slides, as I wanted to confirm, what I read in some of the reviews. A standard issue on Coursera is, that material is not maintained and updated. I have worked in the pharmaceutical industry for more than 15 years now and everything is constantly evolving. The world of 2013 is not the world of 2020 and course material should e updated regularly.
The data shown in the lecture and even the lecture itself is dated back to 2012.  Kindly upload an updated lecture with new rules, recent data, recent examples. It would be of great help.
Nice very important
Extremely outdated, this course was recorded in 2013 and has not been updated. I have paid money to get a certificate on outdated information. Furthermore, this course is very low effort and half-arsed. Simple recordings with bad quality audio of lectures given to actual students (which means you hear muffled voices of students asking questions, at one point even a car alarm).  Inexperienced speakers who were clearly nervous. The videos cut odd and unlogical places, moreover, they don't seem complete, not consistent with the slides given at the end of the week. I'd like to see an actual well-prepared course adapted for online viewing.
The material in general is quite usefull and convenience, well explained videos and the slides abailable is an adavantage, but the major problem is that the information is out-of-date. The information and exaples are from 2013 or even before that date. I would have liked a more accurate vision of the actual pharmaceutical data.
Phase 1 was explained nicely. But phase 2 description was unclear with some diagrams with not much context and a lot of acronyms thrown around.  Did not learn a lot about phase 3 either. The presentation slides were very busy like the previous course.
The course was not structured as an online course. the slides were quite boring and some of the speakers were not enthusiastic
Presentation slides and sound quality is at its lowest.
The course is not prepared for online course
A lot too much bla bla on the Phase iv part
The phases are covered in a haphazardly manner. The last section on commercialization is just terrible. The two lecturers joked and laughed among themselves more than teaching anything. Not worth being a paid for course. Would've been a hundred times better to take a free course.
The course is very informative, specially for people with no experience nor specialized formation in Clinical Trials. However, it is not very detailed nor demanding, so I doubt about its usefulness for someone with previous university formation in clinical research field.
The information provided by this course was very helpful for someone who is new to the topic and I do feel much better informed as a result. The course itself however is not the most professionally presented. The recordings are of face to face lectures provided to an actual class of students. As such they are designed for online learning where there is no possibility to interact with the speakers and students don't have access to any other course materials. The speakers in the phase 3 and marketing sections didn't really follow their slide packs.
The overall material was good. However, the course was not structured as an online course, rather an online posting of in class lectures. This made it difficult to hear the questions of the students as the questions were not repeated by the lecturer and therefore we received an answer to a question we didn't hear. Also, because of the lecture nature, a lot of information was missing from the slides as it was spoken information.
Several of the questions seemed irrelevant to the actual conduct of clinical research. I also wholeheartedly disagree with #7 in the phase III quiz. The real answer depends on whose perspective you're coming from. Maybe for the pharmaceutical company getting to market is most important, but to the patient I'm pretty sure efficacy is more important to him/her than how quickly other people can make money.
Informative and engaging in the first two weeks of lecture, however the lecturers on the third week were not that enthusiastic and I felt that I didn't gain much knowledge on them. I would suggest to refrain having two lecturers at the same time to maximize the time on the topic itself.
This wasn't really great, it is a recording of several seminar presentations that were recorded several years ago, for this, the landscape has changed but the content hasn't, also, as this was planned for a in person presentation, the format is not  optimal for a MOOC.
I found the first two weeks to be very helpful - week 3 was less structured in terms of the lecture content. I also think this whole course should be updated since many regulations have changed since the course was posted.
Week 3 lectures were not as in-depth as hoped and filled with too many personal anecdotes for the time allowed. Much more could have been said if these had been skipped.
Would be nice to update this course. The slides are from 2013 and I am listening in 2020. A lot has changed in the pharmaceutical market since in that time.
The name of the course should be something a la 'Clincal trials and drug admistration agencies'. It is not the development of a drug.
it was a great learning with coursera. it was indeed an informative course and glad hearing the prominent and experienced speakers
Was informative. The lectures could have been more structured and slides more detailed.
More emphasis on the  filing and submissions and approvals need to be there
Weeks 1 and 2 are great, but the classes of week 3 need more organization.
good up to phase 2 (included). Phase 3 and after was less informative
would like an specialization on this matter
Seems to be based on lectures and data available at the time of 2013, so this course is getting a little bit dated now in 2019. Interesting and informative none the less.
The course content is very good and the lecturers are highly knowledgeable in their fields. However, this course is a recording from a meeting (or conference) which is a bit distracting. People asking questions and two of the female lecturers were kind of laughing / joking a lot during this serious course. Also the one who was telling about FDA (in week one) was kind of saying "Oh, I don't know that.. I am not gonna talk about that.. You should have known.." This is a course and that's not I want hear from the lecturer. I felt that this meeting was not recorded for Coursera. It seems like someone said "Oh, we have the recording of this meeting and why not sell it on Coursera?". That's why I gave 4 stars.
Thisa course was very intersting to learn more about new drug application 2 years before applying to the FDA, the week 2 and 3 clinical trials and regulatory aspects were very interesting. The format of assessment can be like content of 3/4 page and then the individual selects an option as to what to do to rectify the information. That is a more efficient process to creatively think and do the regulations job in a real world scenario. I had no hesitation in doing this course and would do it again. Very useful for my background of medical technician and analytical chemistry degrees.
The initial sections of the course was interesting like preclinical and clinical, but some improvements needed for the later part of the course like NDA and commercialization. Overall, the content of the course needs to be updated to reflect the current pharma development process in terms of drug spending; approval time and new FDA review pathways; no, of drugs approved by each review pathway; and latest therapeutic advancements happening and how FDA views them. Hope these points will be considered in improving the course learning relevant to the current times.
I think the Course name should be changed - Drug Development - Clinical Trials through the phases.It is super useful for people wanting to learn about clinical trials, it is mostly about clinical trials BUT the name of the course doesn't convey this, so a propospective employer in clinical trials wont care about this course because the name isnt informative enough about what you taught
Very good talks and presentations, amazing speakers, lots of interesting information, very valuable course. But OLD - the course needs major renewal, with new data and new talks. Same for power point presentations: most of them are totally useless, hard to understand and follow and just do not look nice. Please prepare better presentations for the next course.
Overall the content was relevant to drug development and presented in an organized manner. The presenters seemed to have a wealth of experience in development. This was my first time using Coursera and I enjoyed being able to pick up where I left off. I was disappointed with the course transcriptions as there were many inaccuracies.
I recommend this course together with Drug Discovery and Drug commercialization to everybody that would like to have an overview of pharmaceutical industry, however one should also keep in mind that these lectures are from 2013.  It would be better if the lectures were more up to date. Then, I would give 5 stars.
How glad i am, this was fantastic, its an excellent course and i believe i have done tremendously well. Thank you UC SAN DIEGO in collaboration with coursera, i wish to progress to my masters degree if i can get an opportunity to the university of UC SAN DIEGO.
I truly enjoyed the lecture content and am thankful for the course. For me, the lectures in week 3 need to be updated and changed. I was confused by the two lecturers taking on each other. I found the lecture material of the others speakers better organized
This is an informative course on clinical trial development and regulatory considerations of drug development. However, I wish the course content is more updated and organized. The lecture videos are the just recordings from their classes in 2013.
Course materials are useful, lectures are very easy to understand, some of the video / sound editing is a bit unclear, since you can't see the presenter talk when the slides are being shown. Overall, a great intro to drug development.
Robust review of the intricacies of the clinical trial process and economic considerations throughout. My only regret is that the data is a bit dated (ending 2012/13) and I am curious to see how things have shifted since then.
The course started well. But the course about Phase 2 was difficult to digest. Even worst, the course about NDA was long, repetitive, with old data (as old as 2003 !) and some regulation from 2009 ! It need a serious update.
Overall, I liked this course. There are some improvements I would suggest: > list online resources more clearly > define acronyms and provide better definitions > quizzes need to be longer and slightly more challenging
The drug labeling seminar was not very informative. Both the presenters seemed to be wanting to go one-up on the other with their respective experiences. The entire session was too casual to be labeled as a lecture.
I would like to see more updated information (i.e. more information on biologicals), current presentation is a bit old (from 2008-2010?)But it provides good general overview of the clinical development process.
It is really informative and nice to learn about such a vast and growing  industry. The only complain I have is all the data was from 2012 which has now either been changed or updated.
I would have loved to have a specific case study to follow as an example of how a drug goes through the whole life cycle as the course felt a bit too high-level overview at times.
Very detailed and conceptually clear information. lectures are very well designed for online learning. Good distribution of the entire drug dev. procedure. Learnt a lot!
Provides a good overview on drug development phases and challenges. Some lecturers are from the industry which gives a practical feeling to the whole process.
Great Course ,  although i had some hardships understanding some parts and i had to search it online on my own ,, but overall i would recommend it !
i think you should put the speaker talking videos also in the lec not only the slides this will give more intent to complete the course faster
Week 3 was the best! Both lecturers had loads of experience in industry, and shared all that knowledge with practical and real-life examples.
This course gives a wide overview about clinical trials and all the process needed to launch a new drug. I really enjoyed it.
Very informative content with lot of information about working of pharmaceutical companies during development of drugs.
The course is very good and gives an overview on clinical studies phase-1 -4. I enjoyed the lectures in this course.
Quite difficult to grasp for a newbie. Presentation slides are a bit boring and at certain point, difficult to read.
Very easy to follow, fun, informal. Downside: speakers often talk in incomplete sentences, use inaudible terms.
This course was really helpful to me.It helps me to know many unknown things.It was really good.Thanks.
Very informative and useful course. Thank you very much to everyone who helped this work come to light
very good information provided in this videos by eminent people Thanks for this who has provided it.
Great course, but some of the information is becoming outdated due to the course being from 2013
Excellent course material could understand the entire scenario of clinical trial as a beginner
An interesting introduction. It is more of an overview than an actual course. Would do again.
happy to learn new things regarding the drug development . thqnks for this great opportunity
some of the things was a little bit old - But i liked the content and the concepts
Need to update the lectures to reflect rapidly changing regulatory issues
Informative course, instructors have a great deal of industry experiences
It was very helpful to me,and I learned much better in this quarantine.
Thoroughly enjoyed this.  Could do with an updating of materials.
Good primer on Drug Development albeit very high level.
It can be more arranged and in detail.but pretty good.
A very interesting lecture on drug development stages.
Brilliant framework and well designed structure
INFORMATIVE & GOO EXPERIENCE . THANKYOU..
Very informative and illustrative course
Wonderful journey in drug lifecycle.
need more elaborated lectures
Nice and very well explained
This course was very useful
thanks ,it was interested
very useful to beginners
It is good
this course is really very informative especially for those who are new to this field and even those who are experienced. I highly recommend to attend this great program
Fantastic course, learned a lot of new things. Will go for the drug discovery course next. Consider including the presentations before the tests rather than afterwards
I am new to the pharmaceutical field (less than 2 years) and found this course extremely helpful in that it gave me a much more clear and detailed picture of the drug development process as a whole, and provided more formal training to complement the knowledge I have gained on-the-job. I found the instructors' lessons easy to follow for the most part, although from a beginner's standpoint (BS in biology with 2 years experience in pharma), the second half of week 2 of this course got a little confusing at times. I would have appreciated some sort of "office hours" where we could post questions and have the chance to maybe hear responses to the most popular questions from the instructors. Overall I would definitely recommend this course if you're interested in or just getting started in pharma.
Great course, came up with drug concentration based on half life and also on electronic  mental disorder measure based on interview and then direct concentration dose reComendation hypothesis and also thought of non selective cancer cure based on valorproic acid as it suppressed genes and it's expression and division. Also wrote a paper on IQ and jruri muscular strength based on threshold and firing and correlation to neuro schedule H medicine. extremeadventureinc.business.site
My only comment is minor - I like to print the slides and make notes on them as I listen to each lecture. I have used so much ink up printing them due to them having blue backgrounds etc. It would be good for future courses that the slides can be made just in black and white with minimal use of colour.
Excellent! I am rather new in the Drug Development field, this course really helped me onboard and catch up with terminology and a lot of commonly encountered acronyms (IND, NDA etc..) Would highly recommend to those who are new in the field or just want to broaden their knowledge.
This course so effective as a beginner life science student in the drug discovery which is innovative sector in the world for safety of human being . So i am very glad that easily i achieved knowledge from this organization. so thanks to all who are affiliated of this program.
It was really a great self pace learning course of drug discovery.I learnt so many different terminologies and concepts which were not covered in my academic syllabus.Thank you Cousera for providing us such a great platform and i am also thankful for Financial assistance.
The session was good and interesting, which is like a refreshment of my knowledge .However the data that was in the slides/vidoes we not updated. The data was 2012 and 2013, which could have been updated atleast till 2019, becuse there could hve been many updates in FDA
indeed it's very helpful, from highly experienced tutors who put their decades of experience in just few hours for you, now i will be greedy and we want that course from the aspect or FDA perspective. how the files and documents are assessed and reviewed.
Enjoyed the course and significantly helped me to understand a number of pharmaceuticals regulatory issues, a discipline not greatly covered via online courses. Thank You University of California San Diego, Thank you Coursera :) Education for Everyone :)
It was an amazing experience getting to know intriguing and new concepts in the field of drug development. I appreciate the amazing support extended by the lecturers in delivering the concepts so clearly. Overall, a wonderful learning experience.
I really enjoyed this course because it was very thorough and the speakers were very informative. I particularly enjoyed the discussions, and the one at the end regarding whether or not spending or a more efficient process was more beneficial.
Very well done and informative.  I truly appreciate the Drug process in entirety being broken down into sections that are easy to comprehend.  It is obvious the speakers were chosen for their knowledge.
It's a great course to introduce you to many aspects of Drug Development. From the mouth of experts with many years of experience on the field. They also provide you with the slides so you can keep the training material.
Drug Development course is an Informative and Innovative and Help full for Development of the drug after Discovering it, and Kind Request to provide the Intermediate level and  Advanced level courses.
The course was absolutely wonderful. The instructors we're all very knowledgeable and experienced in their fields. Though the course slides were a few years old (2013) it still was accurate and informative. It's definitely a requirement of you're interested in venturing into drug study, clinical trial investigations, regulatory affairs. I'd highly recommend.
Overall, I have been very happy with my experience using Coursera and think it is one of the best online learning platforms.Actually, you can learn anything you want from the world's greatest minds. This is a brand new way of learning new things.
first i would thank full to coursers because  i learn so many things from this drug development course , this course is not that munch difficult if you pay interest on it and it is very useful  course for pharmacy and biotech students...
I completely enjoyed the course and got abundant knowledge about the FDA, Clinical trials different phases and Industrial considerations, NDA . The graded assignments are useful too.I will surely recommend this course.
I learned a lot from this course about drug discovery and development. it's going to be really helpful for me in my further studies. All professors were really good and humorous at times. I enjoyed all the lectures.
excellent and usufull information by this course.  After learning this course I can able to say that this course provides very good information related to drug discovery and also useful to my furthur research
As a future pharmacist , this course will going to highlight my career or in my study to achieve success .I want to thank all of the instructors  !!!!They did their job effectively ....So , thanks again !!!!
I am really glad to have course offered by california university . Its really helpful for me. And i am thankful to all lecturer, and teachers to explain overall drug development process. Thank you!
Clinical trial are most important part  of pharma sector for drug development and development of a molecule It's important to all of  us  whose involved in research and development Thank you!!!
Great introduction to the nuances of drug development, post research and into clinical and commercial aspects. I feel much more ready to enter the regulatory affairs arena after this.
This course helps to clearly categorize the different phases of clinical trial. It could be great course for the people even with zero background knowledge of clinical trail
Information in the course is very practical. I come from basic biology background and now with this course I gained some real insights about how the clinical trails happen.
Thank you very much for covering all Phases of clinical trial. Very useful and informative. Thank you for providing me with the financial aid to complete this course.
Thank you the opportunity to learn this wonderful course. Its really a good course for those who are interested in drugs and the development procedures and protocol.
The excellent course  for the complete study for drug development ,its trial ,marketing and learning all aspects about the study of drugs before coming to the market
Great course for learning the basics of the drug development process from clinical trials to filling marketing and post-marketing commitments. Great place to start!
Amazing. The Lecturers made this topic very interesting and informative, gave very good examples and analogies to help understanding easier. Thanks, UC San Diego
I would recommend this course to anyone curious about the pharmaceutical industry to better understand the process of drug development from start to finish.
Thank you, this course gave me basic understanding of drug development and clinical trials and I hope, it will help me to find new job position.
It has been of a great use. To those who are dealing with pharmaceuticals, this course is helpful. The lectures are explained in a lucid manner
This course was fantastic! I must say sometimes important points were not on slides, so it would be beneficial to watch videos more than once!
The concepts were concisely explained but the prerequisites from Drug Discovery helped a lot. The lectures were very informative and engaging.
Good course, which can be easily understands to all. Thank you who are all taken such a useful and very informative sessions. Good luck all.
Last lectures were too much discussions rather than lecture, please include some informations those were told verbally but not in the ppts.
very clearly illustrated the clinical trial from phase 1 to phase 4 and with border and depth thought of the present regulation by the FDA
very helpfull insights to the clinical trials, high;y recommend to whoever has interest in drug development , commercialization and DRA
It was an amazing course. I have learned a lot about drug development starting from IND filing to the drug actually coming to market.
I find the course to be extremely informative due to the fact that actual industrial people have handled the drug development course.
It was a really good experience to learn about regulatory aspects of how FDA works and studies done various parts of clinical trials
It was a great course teaching me many things about drug development. cannot wait to go to the third course a Drug commercialization
such a great course where I found very important information. This course helps me to develop my knowledge about Drug Development
Really useful course in knowing all the Phases of Drug development. I loved each and every lecture slide along wit the quiz
Very good for a beginner as well for revising all basics of drug development, Thank you Coursera and UCsan Diego university
The course designed very well, as i have been working in Regulatory Affairs, the content and discussions were very useful.
An excellent course for beginners well taught. The instructors experience make this course all the more clear and simple.
very  useful and providing good knowledge which good information about the course  .And  teacher are very supportive  .
I deem it a great pleasure and honor to have taken up the course in short time and able to understand concepts briefly
Excellent course with very well defined topics covered stepwise by experts in each field with real practical examples.
Drug development is a plays a major role in pharmacy and the information given by all the professors is very helpful
It is very useful. I learnt all things related to drug development and it made me very happy it is very interesting.
A wonderful course that provides excellent insight into Drug development and clinical perspective of pharmaceuticals
A wonderful description about the happenings of the clinical trails, much needed information for pharmacy students
Really informative and nicely explained so that even beginners wouldn't have any issues understanding the topics.
Quite impressive and Informational course for any individual hoping to advance in the pharmaceutical sector
Excellent detailed course. Although US content. It is relevant since much development is done in the USA.
Its A good Opportunity to learn the drug development.very well explained.thank you for such opportunity.
Excellent course taught be highly knowledgeable and experienced industry professionals and professors.
It was a good  experience. Learned about drug development process step by step . it was just amazing.
very useful for pharma regulatory graduates and professionals, thank you to coursera team...great job
I learned s many new things from this course. Thanks to every presenter, they are well experienced
an excellent course for those who want to understand better the whole process of Drug development.
This course is very good.  A person from the pharmacy field gets to learn a lot from this course.
it was very helpful in understanding the ways pharma companies manage to get their products out.
Good course. But should be more updated information, if all the same regulation is still valid..
This course is very interesting and also it is useful to us in ur upcoming future 💯 thank you!
I really like the teachers and the Quiz. I hope this course will help me landing my next job!
I have found this course good in terms of the content and lectures given by the instructors.
This course is very useful for forthcoming generations who wants to do research field.
very a good approach for the online courses and can learn the things outside the limit
Was a very informative course, gave me an overview of entire drug development process.
Highly recommended, very insightful and gives a broad overview of   Drug development.
iNTERESTING COURSE WITH EXCELLENT MATERIALS. A GREAT READ AND A FABULOUS EXPERIENCE!
Great course, great lectures and interesting subject. Learned a lot in a short time.
Got an understanding of what is actually going on in the pharmaceutical industries.
quite well-structured lecutres with rich-experienced professionals of industry
It's amazing experience. I had the opportunity to get access to new knowledge
it was a great course i aquired so much knowledge about the clinical trails.
Really awesome course. Anyone can get a better idea about drug development.
Very informative course for learning different stages of drug development
I truly enjoyed this course. I learned some valuable information in the
Touched the More Technical aspects in core pharmaceutical Development.
Got a thorough basic idea on all aspects involved in drug development.
I was able to listen to the course while commuting and learned a lot.
I am immensely thankful to courser for providing this platform to us
very useful for  those who are worlking in research and development
very helpful. useful information about the pharmaceutical industry.
Good course and refreshment on learning with a day to day examples
Its a wonderful course, its very useful for new drug application
Very good content. Could go more in depth of the studies designs
I truly enjoyed taking this course.  It was beyond a refresher!
very informative and good teachers.....gained some knowledge...
very useful and informative....thanks a lot to the instructors
Easy to learn with goof knowledge and just perfect time span.
Very helpful in knowledge building and good quality content.
Its Completely Useful for students!! Keep going. Thank you!!
I liked the course it was awesome learning from this coursea
Could do with an update. It's 6 years old, much has changed.
Great knowledge for steps of new drugs registration in FDA
Good learning prospectives and very interesting sessions.
very useful to our knowledge happy to choose this course
VERY HELPFUL FOR THE STUDENTS IN PHARMACEUTICAL SCIENCES
I could understand about the process of drug development
Excellent course and enriched materials with clear view
One of the best courses I ever took.  Very informative.
it is good to learn about new things in a different way
This has been a hard time but it was worth it . thanks
It teaches the kind of hidden part of drug development
Is this a good platform to gain knowledge in COURSERA
Very interesting course. I am so happy. Thank you
Good for learning and thank you for your support
I loved to learning the drug development course.
this course prooved to be really very beneficial
Best Course to Learn Drug development process.
I found it more knowledge... Tq so much for it
It was a very useful and knowledgeable course
It was a NICE EXPERIENCE AND LOTS OF LEARNING
Very helpful. I got exactly what I expected.
it was very informative and i loved doing it
Such an interesting and informative course.
very nice effort by university of San Diego
Great Class. We need more of these courses.
Best course to give  wide view into drugs
very beneficial class, easy to understand
Very good intrudction to all the trials
Great course, well experienced teachers
Well structured and designed course!!
this course is very helpfull for me
A course full of valuable contents.
I enjoyed the course very much.....
Its an excellant course i loved it
good course for a master students
Very informative, easy to follow
It was nice experience for me .
Awesome course its just amazing
Very usefull course thank you
excellent one and very useful
Very  useful and interesting
Detail and an amazing course
Well organized and relevant.
best course study material.
it was very fruitful course
great and very informative
I really enjoy this class!
Easy way of understanding
awesome course.i enjoyed.
giving more information
Knowledgeable course
was very helpful
Muy informativo
Itreallyhelpsme
Great...!
