Would not recommend... lectures are very brief and it sounds like the speakers are under a clock. Not much explanation and gradual learning is set up here as they appear to be jumbled lectures. It was alright to be informed with some things I suppose, but I was disappointed at what little I took away from this course. In addition I found these topics quite boring and dull--perhaps thats just me, but I still would recommend other courses.
Not good, not carefully designed. The week 2 was just playing some lecture talk recordings, without carefully providing basic information referred to in the lectures.
I'm not gonna pay to have access to all the information in this course. This is a BEGINNERS course.
The course was well intended to give an overview of the drug discovery process, possible approaches and challenges.What I found extremely disappointing is the fact that the lectures are very old and refer to studies and publications more than a decade ago. This is totally unacceptable for a course from such an institution and on a topic that has evolved massively and rapidly. I hope the lecturers consider to update the course material as I believe they probably did in their actual lectures as the University of San Diego.
The lecturers were no doubt very knowledgeable and intellectual. However, it was difficult for me to understand what they were trying to convey due to the compact and busy nature of the presentation slides and also due to the fact that they kept on using several technical terms without explaining them. The background, font used in the presentations and poor resolution further exacerbated the problems.
The first and last part of the course were very interesting and i learned a lot. However i did barely understand all the other classes which used a lot of very technical vocabulary and notion. It was very complexe while the course was said to be for beginners level.
Some aspects in this course are still valid and relevant today, but some of the contents are now more of historical interest.  Good to renew the course including the critical assessment of the contents presented in the course with respect to how they have fared out.
Some lectures were quite interesting but the generel course level is very low. Furthermore, I think several topics is missing which I believed the course would cover like GLP Tox, CMC, IND filing and the topics  which are covered should be covered in more depth.
It was not that upto the mark, but it do provides some highlights of drug discovery
I got a good overview about what i need to look for in further courses
The information on this course are from 2013 and 2016 so they are probably outdated. Some of the lectures were very hard to understand and it was due to the material and the professors. I had to reach the half of the second week to get to the point of this course and learn something interesting.
Although overall the course is interesting, it is clear that it has not been designed for MOOC format. A clear structure for learning lacks, and some of the lectures seem to be more about the people talking about their own work than trying to convey general concepts in the drug discovery field. I think the course would benefit from more structure in the way the lessons are presented, starting with a more general outline of what a good drug is etcetera. However, there are some interesting concepts I can take along in my further studies, but I am slightly disappointed.
there is a lot of useful content but the delivery is not consistent because its basically a recording of lectures by various individuals who are speaking in their own style. The level of detail or technicality they go into also varies. The course is suitable for someone with a sound foundation in the biology involved in drug discovery and not for novices who want to understand what goes on behind coming up with a new drug.
Good as an introduction, but there was some variability between lectures. One lecture went into equations and the quiz questions were very specific. That specific information should not be needed to get a (very) general overview of drug discovery.
The course materials are quite outdated as most of the lectures were given in 2013. It was also very technical in some parts which may make it difficult for beginners to understand some of the concepts.
Interesting material, but a bit old slides and several links were dead. The topic is very interesting and I hope to get to the drug development and drug commercialization soon.
This course helps to understand pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics and also various drug discovery strategies.
Enjoyed the course material very much, however, the lectures are quite outdated.
pretty technical. Some of the pharmaceutical stuff was interesting.
good course to broaden knowledge of the drug designing& discovery
Please update the lectures with more recent statistics.
Finished the course without buying certific
Good but too much time taken
The course is a good initiation into the drug design and preclinical studies and I recommend it. However, videos aren't really up to date, in case you are looking for latest advances in the field.
Good class but relatively dated. Would benefit from new insight into today's Pharma climate.
I am starting a new role in a large global pharma company tomorrow. This is my first role within the Pharma industry and my awareness levels of the drug discovery and development process were close to zero. I enrolled in this course to better understand this so as to quickly assimilate the context within which my new employer and role exist.This is not my first MOOC, but I loved the short videos and the formative quizzes. The base data that the course refers to, is now significantly dated (as are some of the links that are mentioned in the course) - this should be updated if a refresh is on the cards. Given that this is a technical domain, innovation would quickly outdate the information presented in modules such as the one on drug delivery systems.Overall, I enjoyed this course and feel that I am better equipped to get into my new role with a lot more confidence.Thank you Prof. Ettouati and Prof. Ma!
pros: industry relevant content, mentors with several years of experience both in academia and industry, very interesting lectures.cons: the course is relevant for time-frame of 2013 to 2016. So it would have been great if it catered to the time -frame after 2016.Some concepts were not explained before by the mentors. One has to have some basic knowledge before starting the course. A suggestion would be include a terminology document along with the lecture.
This specialization brought me a lot of good approaches for Drug DIscovery, it's complete my Bachelor's degree of BIOCHEMISTRY and My Master degree in Fundamental & applied Toxicology, i've deepen my insight of this amazing field (e.g: mega-megers, proteomics genomics, fragment based drug discovery, drug delivery,...etc) speaking of which contribute a lot in people welfare. Juste Elysée MALANDILA
Good course to understand the topics and challenges pharma companies face during the drug discovery phase - now I know what people are "up to" in preclinical.Good intro to Pharma market environmentModule "Challenges in Fragment Based Drug Discovery" was a bit too science-focused as for people with no science / medical background
Really loved last module - key concepts in drug delivery
It was enormously informative for me and I've learned so many that I didn't even expect about drug discovery. And actually that course may really affect my future decision in choosing my career. But I think it would be better if the course's material are discused in more detail.Thank you for offering that course and accepting the financial aid request.
It was such an informative course, maybe varies between levels of advancement, but definetly has information that if you get deeper with grows more and more curiosity in you. All the instructors are smart but my favorite was prof Ettouate, I watched all his videos 3 times and every time I learn something new. Highly recommended!
I learned a lot from this course and gained a good basic understanding of drug development. The lectures are from 2013. I am assuming that the basics are still similar to what the industry is doing now but it would have been nice if at least the reading materials etc were updated to reflect today's world.
Understanding the topics in the beginning was quite complex, understanding the proteomics and genomics was a little bit tough for me but other all the topics were just ossom. I thank all the coursera team for providing me such a opportunity to learn this course, thank you guys thanks alot .
I learnt many things..like..what are the things and challenges faced by the Pharma companies and case studies regarding drug discovery..This course helped me to learn about the steps how a R&D need to do its work in integrated and not in siloed way  and many things.Thank u
Very basic course to introduce to learners on drug discovery issues that include current/past challenges. It contains few examples which help to illustrate the concepts. A bit difficult to understand those examples if you have zero/limited pharmacology understanding.
This course helps to understand the basic fundamental & principles of drug discovery clearly. It's really helpful for me to develop my professional career. I am very thankful to the Coursera and University of California San Diego for providing this course to me.
It has really helped me to understand certain aspect of drug discovery process more nicely apart from academic point. but the course is quite outdated so it will be really helpful if it can be updated as par with current pharmaceutical industrial point of view.
very nice couse and the faculty were really good in explaining complex things simple  which was easy to grasp the knowledge. The only draw back was the course study is from 2013 and addition of new information which might have changed after 2013 would be great.
It is very helpful course to know about drug synthesis and challenges faced by pharmaceutical companies , finally the amount of work done by researchers to synthesise medicine effective for particular cause and the effort to cross the hurdles in their research
This has been a nice course overall! Only thing I wished it had was more information on biologics drug discovery as that is the area I was interested in overall. Still very happy with it and look forward to completing the other courses in the series.
i can learn many topics fom your presentations and thanks to uc san diego unviersiy and also L4G solutions, Coursera for providing this platform to learn and also thanks to the professeres who explain the drug discovery topic to us
Overall it is interesting and sumarizes well some of the key features and concepts in drug discovery. In my opinion it could be longer and some of the slides in week 2 could be better prepared. But overall it was a good course.
This course was really helpful for me to understand the different aspects of drug discovery as well as drug delivery.This course of drug discovery really helped me in understanding the technical and scientific angle of study
A really good course covering the fundamentals. For someone without a background in Pharmaceuticals , chemistry or related subjects some of it was tough to follow at first. But I could understand it by the end of the course
This course is accessible to people without a pharma background. And it gives me an interesting, knowledgable introduction to the drug discovery process. Basically, all lecturers did a great job.
I learned a lot from this course because I have no previous knowledge about this course after doing this I got a knowledge about how drug works in our body and what are the factors influence that
the course is good , mainly 3rd weeks lecture are more interesting & some informational knowledge about the problems facing during the discovery of a drug
This course provided me valuable insights into the whole challenges in drug development and offered simple rules solutions to these problems
This course is really beneficial. I got a lot of info. on drug discovery & how it works. I can surely suggest this course to my friends.
AMAZING. I have immense gratitude for the professors who made these lectures and to VIT Vellore for sponsoring this course for me!
Please mention that a basic understanding of chemistry is absolutely essential as a prerequisite to taking this course.
Amore detailed explanation of contents of week 1 and 2 would have been good. The content of week 3 was very useful.
Ver y useful course to learn the basics of drug discovery. Needs to be updated, most of the slides were outdated.
It would be nice to see some more updates as we are in 2020, but overall very interesting course! Thank you :)
Working on marketing materials for a tech company. This helped give the the foundation and resources I need!
It's an amazing course, I really enjoyed its informational and knowledgable content.....thankyou for that.
The material could be updated with the last technology like Gene therapy and radioligand products
Learned the trend of latest Pharma industry and review the basic concepts in drug discovery
the course was very helpful and it was a great experience to learn about drug discovery
Very informative  course ..Thanks for information on drug discovery and drug delivery
This is really an amazing course to gain knowledge about Drug Discovery/Development.
It provides the basics of pharma industry, drug research discovery and development
This course provides a good basic run down of some aspects of Drug Discovery.
It is a good course to get into the pharmaceutical and drug discovery world
It's very excellent experiences. Knowledge  increasing experience
it is a good course and has emmence knowledge. THANKYOU COURSERA
This course has paved way to become proficient in the concepts.
Very detailed oriented. Loved the way it has been designed.
Very friendy for beginner to the pharmaceutical industry.
Interesting and informative course about drug discovery.
The course is concise, yet informative and resourceful.
Drug discovery was quite interesting and complicated.
The course is a good introduction to drug discovery.
Key concepts of drug discovery was the BEST.
The content of the course is very excellen.
Very brief, but helpful for fresh readers.
Sequence of lessons could be more logical
Update needed, new data and materials.
AN ADVANCED LEVEL IS HIGHLY REQUIRED.
best course  like the way of teaching
very difficult course for beginners
Really the course was sounds good.
Its informative and useful to me
seems interesting and productive
Good course. Really informative.
Good nice course, the lectures
Too much informative for me
very useful pharma career
nice course helped alot
Needs to be updated.
Not a lot of detail
Great one .
The course presents the basic concepts of DD and allows familiarization with the technical terms of the field. I strongly recommend for those who want to understand a little bit of DD.
A very helpful and enlightening course. Clears my basics of Drug Discovery and explains principles and aspects to be kept in mind when researching for a new drug.
Very well done and informative.  I truly appreciate the Drug process in entirety being broken down into sections that are easy to comprehend.  It is obvious the speakers were chosen for their knowledge.
Recommended course for everyone who is interested in the process of Drug Discovery and overall working of the Pharmaceutical Industry. It is a little technical, but completely worth it!
Very helpful. Just the thing I was looking for - just enough insight into this particular area of the industry that will help having a meaningful dialogue with the researchers, marketers and others in this business.
Course is very informative and made me develop a very good understanding of drug discovery process. I thought it was an extremely well structured and well-presented course. The online portal for classes was fantastic.
If you are a story teller, the stories we tell always have a beginning and and a better ending that changes someones perception. This cause prides all the package that is involved in science, let be discovery, manufacturing and production, commercialization of the product and finally understanding what out come of the product is to the consumers.As a biomedical student I believe I have learnt how to run a successful Research and development from the beginning to the end and i would encourage any one in the same or different career to take the cause
This course provides an excellent overview and introduction to the process of drug discovery. The course highlights pitfalls and hurdles in the drug discovery process and focuses on key traits and facets of the R&D pipeline. Types of drugs are discussed, regulatory frameworks, as well as drug delivery and kinetics. An excellent course for anyone interested in learning about the pharmaceutical process and timeline for drug development.
I really enjoyed this class. It taught me a lot about drug delivery and pharmaceutical methods. It did not only explain the environment of the pharmaceutical company and the different centers, it even explained how a drug can be discovered, manufactures and sold. Really interesting course! Highly recommended.
This course was enlightening on different topics on Drug development and it allowed me to deepen my knowledge on pharmacology and drug discovery. I strongly recommend this course, especially to people who have just started a new job in the Biopharmaceutical world; it couldn't have been better !
Very recommendable course, it gives you an initial view of how the pharmaceutical market works nowadays (at least how it worked in 2016 haha), but if you have other academic background not related with pharma this course is perfect for learning the market, and the first steps of drug creation.
Auditing this course was very useful. All wealth of information delivered was very accessible, even without a strong science background. The speakers/presenters provided a number of great examples and case studies to illustrate points. Overall a good high-level view of drug discovery.
This course remained very helpful for me. I am working on my PhD research project in Pharmaceutics and this course gave me the direction. This course is very helpful if you want to design a drug delivery system. Lectures were delivered in very interesting ways by all professors.
it was a  brief introduction to the basics of all the steps and considerations of drug development and discovery process. Really helpful if you want to get a view of the journey a drug molecule goes through during its commercialization then this course is of very help.
Excellent course.  Goes through the initial efforts to rationally get to new therapeutic molecules, then the testing and screening to maximize the chances of success, and finally the routes of administration with allusion to pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics.
A well designed course. Instructors were very clear in their explanation. Loved the way they delivered the lecture. Got to learn some real life examples and challenges in developing a drug. Basics in drug delivery was very nicely presented. Thank you Coursera!
I've learned so much about drug discovery in that course and I want to thank you! This is a really comperehensive course and I ensure you that you will learn so many details about this topic. I am going to have the other course called "drug development".
The course has given a strong understanding of how the drug discovery process works with expert presentations by Dr. Williams Ettouati, Dr. Bourne & Dr. Stephen Burley.  Thanks to Skaggs School of Pharmacy and ofcourse to Coursera for making it possible.
Course was great! All lectures were concise, easy to follow, and assessments were fair.I took this course in 2020. It can be assumed that much of this information is now outdated. I would definitely be interested in taking an updated course. Thanks!
If you are planning on working on a Pharmaceutical company, this course is for you, they will teach you how a pharmaceutical company works *RandD* and how to look for lead compunds and what characterize them to be candidates. Good job.
The course was much helpful for me to advance my knowledge in the field of drug discovery. The key issues and different approaches to overcome the same was quiet interesting for me. I am thankful to all the professors of this course.
A very informative and highly interesting course giving a high level condensed overview of the Pharmaceutical Industry, the key chemical and biological components of drug development and key concepts of pharmacokinetics and dynamics.
The lectures were given in a concise and informative manner. I liked how the lessons overlapped one another and you see the importance of each topic as the course progressed. The lecturers were also very engaging and fun!
An excellent broad overview of what goes into drug development and to current trends in the pharmaceutical industry. Ideal for anyone who is new to the industry and would like to know more about the lay of the land.
Well I have learned many things in this particular course....so there is no need for changes...Anyone who take up this course will end up in learning many new topics....I have no issues regarding this course
This is my first course in any topic or area of pharmceutical studies and I found it very fulfilling and informative. I like the format, the pace and that there were a variety of people giving the lectures.
After the 3 weeks of lectures, I would say confidently say that I learned a lot about basics, procedures involved in the drug discovery strategies and challenges faced while drug discovery and development.
I really loved this course. It is perfectly set up to give an overall review of the trends in a drug development procedure. This course has everything that I was expecting to be in an introductory course.
This course helps to understand the basic fundamental & principles 
of drug discovery clearly. I am very thankful to the Coursera and 
University of California San Diego for providing this course to me.
The course was designed so well so that i could read and comprehend it. I plan to use the knowledge learnt in the course in my career and apply it.. overall a very great experience :)
I enjoyed it and it left with a better and clearer understanding of how the pharmaceutical field works and what it does as well as some challenges and goals of the industry.
Its highly recommended for all pharmacy graduates and undergoing postgraduates of pharmaceutical students, its worth pursuing, value added course. Thanks a lot Coursera Team
A great opportunity to learn from experts in the area, about how difficult is to get to generate a drug, but how hard, rational and intuitive work can bring solid results.
This course will help me in getting an idea about research for new drugs and site targets ,as well as which route is effective for administration of what type of drugs.
Well covered basic concepts to get started on the Drug Development Path. Lot of topics are touched upon that would help us give the lead to topics of our interest.
This course was very helpful in undersdanding about drugs and how the field works. This have a good content and every detail was explained clearly..thankyou ❤❤
Very informative with great knowledgeable faculty that explain drug discovery in simple terms. Very useful for anyone involved in the pharma/biotech industry.
Now I can see the complexicity of a drug design porcess. The course helped me to see the most important steps of drug discovery and drug construction.
This course helped me systematize my previous experience in academic early drug discover. Definitely wish to finish the rest courses in this line-up.
Gives a really good overview, especially about small molecule drug discovery. However, it is not really up to date. Mainly presentations from 2013.
Excellent Course to learn the fundamentals of Drug Discovery! The Course uses relevant examples to explain key concepts. I hope i visit UCSD soon!
I found this course very helpful. All the lectures were informative and it helped me a lot in gaining knowledge in the field of drug discovery.
It's a amazing platform where we can judge ourselves .. thank you once again coursera community for providing such a great platform ..🥰😘👍👍
This course helps to understand the fundamental concepts of drug discovery thoroughly with lot of insights on the topic.  Thank you
Great exposure for R&D in the drug industry. Not super extensive but a great course to get started and get some basic understanding
It was quite interesting course and so happy to interact with such eminent teachers who have been in the field of pharmacology.
Its a great experience learning about drug discovery from eminent resource personnel and very helpful in the present situation
It very important to any one who work  in drug discovey field to take this course with it is high value with simple methods
As a future pharmacist , this course will highly gonna help me ....I want to thank my mentors .Wish them best of luck ....
It was a very good session , a good course. It is very informative and get to learn many new things about DRUG DISCOVERY .
ya! its such a amazing experience with coursera...i am really happy with coursera for providing such a great platform...
The course is quite simple, though is delivers informations in an excellent way and has some good supportive materials.
Very nice course. It helps you understand the importance of the new discovery methods and how the industry is changing.
Very illustrative and informative course, this course has helped me greatly to learn many new things in pharmacies.
Amazing course for those who are attached with a pharmaceutical background. I must recommend this course to all.
It was great experience. Really innovative, smart instructors and overall very well planned course content.!
An up to date and precisely structured course for understanding network-based and fragmented drug discovery,
good for those who wants to get deep insight what pharma company has to undergo to develop a effective drug
This course was amazing about approval process of drugs and also pharmacokinetic of them. Enjoyed it a lot!
It was very good time to learn drug discovery.I'm thankful to the coursera for this wonderful opportunity.
The course is very helpful and I got the all my interesting facts and also got the rational skills sets.
Coursera is the best plat to learn about the all topics regarding pharmacy field through online classes
Course could use an update on more recent trends past 2016, but really nice overview and great overall!
Nice and intersting course. It gives a brief panoramic on the wide and complex world of drug discovery.
Helpful information about the movement pharmaceutical market and adaptation in Drug Discovery process!
Generally very detailed and hits the point on the drug discovery. Material can be updated from 2013-14
The course was useful in gaining knowledge about the drug discovery and their reactions in the body.
Really enjoyed my time with this course. Very well organised sets of lectures. Highly reccommended
This course is very useful for those who are working in research and development (R&D) department.
It was an amazing course .Very informative speakers made us aware of the basics of drug discovery.
Well structured course, for beginners and also for pharmacists as myself looking for a refresher.
This course if very informative and learned many new aspects involved in Drug Discovery process.
Must have some hands-on session to explore more about the computational drug discovery process.
Great essential and basic information to enhance my knowledge as a Msc pharmacology student   !
I love this course, as pharmacist it broaden my knowledge about the processes in drug discovery
highly recommended, as this course helped me in polishing my skills in my filed; neurosciences
It is an amazing course. It reflects and relates to the most latest aspects of drug discovery.
Know more and more .many of courses are available to learn..njoy my course ...drug discovery.
It's a lovely  course l have learnt and am excited to share this information  with the world
It gave me a lot of knowledge regarding drug design and development, trials, and delivery.
Informative. This course helps to predict the challenges involved in drug discovery field.
This course is more useful for all pharmacy students and also which is in this field....
this course will be useful for fundamental understanding about drug discovery process
Aawesome course it helps me to improve by knowledge and skill of the respective field
Excellent course, materials and presentation were very easy to follow and understand.
such an intriguing and exciting course. I have really learnt a lot. Thanks very much.
This course is very helpful and professional when it comes to early drug discovery.
Very informative and very well presented. Highly recommend to all pharmacy students
it`s great,,, and it`ll be more beneficial if i get certificate free from coursea.
great course and very understandable lectures from the very experienced teachers.
Thank full for this Course. It's help me alot and clear all my dbout and problem.
Very good course. Content given on pharmacokinectics was however too shortened
I really enjoyed this course. Thanks coursera for this great opportunity 🙏🙏
This Course  Will Help full In My Future. It Mainly Useful for Pharma Feild
Amazing insight to the entire process in a very effective and detailed way.
This course is good. learn new dimension and perspective of Drug Discovery.
Very informative and concise about a subject that is so vast and complex.
An innovate Course, Complete and give us facilitie in time! Great Course!
Excellent overview. I had to dust of my orgo hat for one of the lectures.
IT IS A VERY USEFUL COURSE LEARNT MANY THINGS REGARDING DRUG DELIVERIES.
This is really helpI learn how drug was discoverAnd industry landscape
It's very easy to learn in short term time about the drug discovery
Learned a lot involving drug discovery nd advancements in industry
Very informative. Gives new insight on the Drug Discovery system.
Though not intense, It gave me a basic overview of drug discovery
It is very interesting. I gained a lot of important information.
Excellent lectures, up to date material and prominent speakers.
The course was good and the course contents were highly useful.
Nice course to learn deep about the drug discovery and delivery
a great course for a pharma or a chemical engineering student.
Subtitles is not accurate to speech.timings should be adjusted
this course use full for those are in the pharmaceutical field
very useful, very practical. The professors told nice stories.
Awesome course tells you about the basics of pharma universe.
The course was interesting, enjoyable and easy to comprehend.
This is good platform for students to learn differnt courses
I have learned a  lot about Drug Discovery. Thank very much.
Lucid explanation, to the point and excellent presentation.
This was a great course , helped me learn a lot of things.
Excellent couse, it really teach you about drug discovery.
It is Very useful course to us.Thank you for teaching 😊☺.
Provides a basic understanding about the biotech industry.
THere is not discovering discription just wasting my time
A great introduction for neophytes to the pharma industry
The course was really amazing and awesome...Thank you!!!
A wonderful overview of the process of drug discovery.
Very useful and much informative for research people
A complete basic level course. Its very informative.
There are a lot of things to learn from this course.
It was a great experience. Blessed to have courser.
Thank you, Coursera for providing the Online course
Useful course in pharmaceutical regulatory sciences
Very good pharmaceutical chemistry overview course!
Very informative and easy to understand course.
The course is really helpful and informative.
Allow me to be a more open minded pharmacist.
This course is a great source of knowledge!
Very informative and easy to learn course.
It's very useful and most important course
Its great  but slide should have picture .
Very helpful insights into drug discovery
USELFUL COURSE FOR FUTURE  R&D Associates
It's a good course to built a frame work.
this course was very useful as of for me
Very good course, I really reccomend it.
Great introduction into Drug Discovery!
The course instructors were excellent.
Drug discovery course is helpful to me
Excellent, so vast advanced knowledge.
comprehensive study of drug discovery
Awesome Course! Interesting speakers!
Very beneficial for pharm-D students
Perfect course for Pharmacy Students
Excellent information for learning.
Excellent way to get your feet wet…
Very informative Course Thank You!
A very useful introductory course.
very nicely framed by whole team.
Great content. Really recommended
Thanks for the wounderful course
This was very fruitful for me.
really informative and helpful
Very insightful and intuitive.
Very informative and concise.
This course was helpful to me
Very informative & effective
Perfect course for beginner
It was wonderful experience
This is a very nice course
The course help me so much
explanation  was very good
Very useful and important
Awesome Thank you so much
Good course. Thank you!!
informative and simple
Nice learning platform
Well decorated course.
Wonderful Explanation
It's useful course, ☺
That's very use full
it was quite helpful
Pretty great course
informative session
It was awesome. 😇
Its really useful
good and helpful
great Cours
bharich
