too fast paced, not suited for absolute beginners. first week takes alone about 3 weeks to complete and master
The instructor was difficult to understand, and as a result it made learning Hangul very difficult.
I passed all your steps. But you didnt give me anything. Why you cheated me.
Its hard for a beginner to understand
waste of time and it's too easy
It is very hard to follow
My name is changed
This class was very hard to follow. Pronunciation is key to any language. This course does not help you become even close to basic proficiency because there is no pronunciation key available. The worksheets are so hard to follow because it's all in Hangul with no pronunciation key or english pronunciation available. For a beginner course, this should have been standard- we don't know how to read Hangul and it shouldn't be expected during a beginners course. This course has a lot of room for improvement and would be great once they are implemented to become more user friendly. Also, rather than just using Hangul and English words in the videos, there should be pronunciation underneath the Hangul to make sure students are really getting the words correct instead of them trying to figure out word it is and referring to worksheets all the time. I did not have a good time learning the language because it was so frustrating trying to figure out what she was saying exactly- thus making the quizzes even more difficult!!
Teacher was a little boring at times, without any emotion in her voice or movement in her body. I felt she went quite fast, especially when asking to repeat things. For example, she would say an entire sentence and ask us to repeat instead of breaking the sentence apart for us. All in all, I felt I learned a little something but the course moved so quickly I felt myself getting frustrated at times, making it harder to focus and learn.
I did enjoy two first weeks but then the pace was too fast. I don't think it was suited to complete beginners. Also, I think I would change some things we were studying, eg. studying Korean numbers in week 3 and Chinese numbers in week 4 was quite discouraging. It was some kind of an introduction, though.
Course not very helpful, because it is assumed that students will grasp Hangeul at a glance. No English (latin script) pronunciations are provided. Discouraged me from learning Korean.
No romanticization of the Korean language so learning is really difficult. I would not recommend for beginners with no prior knowledge of Korean because it will be really difficult.
I've found this course a bit old-fashioned and repetitive on the teaching methods. I sometimes struggled to finish the lessons.
it is very fast paced and the learner can't understand grammar, just phrases and vocabulary.
vEERY HARD TO FOLLOW IN THE LIMITED TIME. HOW CAN I UNENROLL??
Although the instructor was good at presenting the information, I felt that the reference sheets should of had the phonetic pronunciations next to the Korean writing. This would of helped learn the symbols better. After the second week, we were expected to know what they represented. I felt it needed a video on just learning the alphabet. I did still learn a great deal of vocabulary.
Easy course.  I would have preferred more English phonetic pronunciations, though. Everything was in the Korean alphabet.
This was a good course, but much more ambitious than the description or name suggests.  I had to watch the videos at 75% speed in order to figure out what was actually said, as I have never heard any Korean before.  I used the quizlet flashcards and some youtube videos in order to learn the material, as the "lecture notes" were not always very helpful.  So in all, a good course if you can access some supplementary activities.  In fact, adding the quizlet flashcards to the lesson either before the lecture or before the quiz would be helpful for future students.  I plan to take the class again in order to master the material.
I wish there was korean subtitles instead of [FOREIGN] .
I passed every quiz doing the course across 3 sessions, yet I cannot speak a sentence in Korean apart from 'hello' and 'thank you'. Something must be wrong with my brain or how the course is designed.
This course is nice, because you can learn a lot. And it's really nice. If you finish this course, and you study it, i'm sure you will speak very well. But i would like to say something. This course could be boring, and a little tired. I finished it, but i feel i didn't learn so i'm repeating it again, okay if i didn't learn it's my fault, but i don't feel motivated with this course. I think Suzi is a little boring. She's good. But you can feel tired. Depends the person. Regards! :D
A great teacher and a great design . but the curriculum is devoid of beginner's grammar and jumped suddenly to complex sentences and the course ended without me knowing what even the personal pronouns are, which is ridiculous . at least I got used to the reading and learnt some vocabulary so Thank you for that ^^
If you're a BEGINNER beginner, DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE! This course can be really overwhelming if you don't have any background at all. I don't think that 5 weeks with this course is enough for you to learn the Korean basics. The lessons here are very hard to understand if you're a beginner with no background at all. It's all straight-up Korean dialogues with no romanization or translation at all. You would learn more and engage better if you just learn the basics by watching Youtube or using online Korean lessons. (Try websites like Talk To Me in Korean or Korean From Zero.) The lecture notes on this course though are very helpful for beginners. They're very straight forward. If you're someone who knows the basics of Korean writing, reading and grammar, this is a good refresher course but it's not that very challenging in my opinion. I only learned like 3-5 new things from this course. But it's great to know that I am very confident in speaking basic Korean, especially now that I have this certificate lmao. I only gave three stars because I wasn't really challenged but also it will be way too hard for beginners to understand the lessons. For beginners, you have to find your learning style especially when you are studying a new language. You have to use your creativity to easily memorize the alphabet, the grammar, etc. The lectures and teaching style here are way too straight forward with no creativity at all so it'll be difficult for you guys to understand or be motivated to learn.
It's good as an overall view of korean however I don't think it fits beginner-beginner students as the lectures are mostly written in korean rather than having it romanisation. It then causes students like me to fall behind as I cannot fully read what it is that they are teaching and just makes it more difficult. They are basically assuming that we are able to read and have memorised the whole alphabet when that is not the case at all. Overall I am happy that this course is available and gives opportunities for people to learn korean however the quality could be better.
The course was constructed with lots of efforts and thoughts but limited by its nature on the Internet, being rather remote. The transcripts were not the best that could be with many mistakes and omissions, partly to do with errors between English and Korean. The dual language does not help with only 1 unit in module 2 complete with Korean transcript or text. Being the First Step makes it more difficult to follow the many pronunciation changes. It is therefore not impossible to improve in this direction for the rest of the community.
Felt that the course was somewhat rushed with the amount of content that was covered. There should've been more supplemental materials other than the lecture notes to help facilitate learning. With a language, especially Korean, having as much practice with the language can only help, and I found myself lost/confused a good amount of the time due to not having many aides/materials to help (extra worksheets of some kind would've helped). Quizzes aren't too bad as long as you fully understand concepts from the lectures.
I felt the course was just ok, I had to do a lot of research after the given classes. Mostly because I felt the explanation is a bit old, somehow fast and a little bit odd. I did feel like I learn super basic, and even with good grades I don't see myself yet to have a basic conversation. I do feel grateful with the course itself, the way is accommodated makes easy for anyone to choose their own schedule and the video, and material provided feels fair enough.
It's a good course. What I missed the most was romanized/phonetisized words for all korean parts to train pronunciation and gain better intuition for language itself. I.e. 점심 - is it jeomsim? jumshim? it's like the word "REAL": in english you'll pronouce it as "UIAL" while a brazilian will call it "HEAU". Giving phonetic representation or at least romanized version of every bit, even in the handouts would improve the learning experience. Thank you.
This course was really helpful and interesting to learn throughout all the weeks.i was really able to understand the given presentation and notes clearly.But only problem is when mam was trying to explain the pronunciation part , it was difficult  to understand what letters she was referring to and this would be really helpful if they mentioned those letters in the subtitles part.Thank you so much for making my dream come true.
I like the lessons. However, the time of completion is too short.  It also doesn't tell you that you should use the worksheets to follow along with the lesson. Otherwise, you will have to rewatch the lesson to understand the worksheet.  The first lesson of learning the Alphabet was the best lesson I have seen on the alphabet. I also liked the vocabulary.
I enjoyed the material that was presented; however, I think the course could have been better structured and organized. I also think there were certain vocabulary that could have been either left out or used, since many weren't used in examples and thus, wouldn't be considered efficient to include in the course.
It was kind of hard to remember all the vocabularies, I do not even remember half of tgem. But I Guess that is just because I am lazy and just 13 years old. I do not remember anything from week four and five, but i was not Your fault. It became boring at the end, but you were a good teacher. Thank you
it was really good and i learned some basic korean really quickly. It was also amazing at explaining grammar such as the root of words which made for a better understanding in general. However, I think the pen-ultimate module wasn't explained in enough depth and I struggled with it.
I was assuming that the curriculum would teach us how to say "I am (adjective)". For example: "I am tall". I think that in every language, that is the most CRUCIAL part and one of the first things you should learn how to say in that language, besides your name of course.
I would prefer the lessons to go on a slower pace as I had hard time trying to understand and take in as much as I can.  Anyway, thank you for the lessons.  At least I am able to read some simple Korean words and say simple sentences.
the teacher was lacking energy and the tonic mad the material somewhat uninteresting comparing to other courses.only few subjects were learned and tested, and many of them are not among the 1st subjects i'de pick as most interesting.
Adding a bit more grammatical aspect of the language can increase a learner's knowledge of Hangeul as it contains a rather different set of grammatical rules for sentence structure and parts of speech.
It got difficult after the 3rd week if you don't learn anything new for some time then after you start you have to startover again from the last 1 or 2 videos so you understand what is going on .
A good course for beginners out there. After this course you will definitely find yourself having more knowledge and skills than "you" before the course if you really are a beginner.
The lessons are easy to follow. I would like to have more lessons in grammar. The exams are quite easy and short that may not accurately test the understanding of the lesson.
you would have put the pronunciation on the slides in each lesson and in the practice sessions there were no written meanings but learning another language is interesting
It was good, but i feel that for a basic level class is a bit lacking in explanations and basic grammar that are important for beginners
This course didn't help on pronunciation. Korean has lots of confusing pronunciation rules but this course didn't mentioned in detailed.
It would be more helpful if the Reading work came with an answer sheet as well so you could check you were doing it right
I felt the videos are too long. It is good for Korean starter, however, if you have knowledge of it, it will be too easy.
this is more of an advanced Korean course rather than beginnersome changes need to be made to make this more meaningful.
Why can’t I get the free certificates like my friends does ? They said it’s free but I have to pay if I want it.
i think it is quite difficult for beginners i think there is better to have some background before enrollment
This course is quite good for beginner. You need to focus and practice day by day to adapt with new language.
It was great overall but my review reflects the sentiment that I felt like they could've added more topics.
it is good to know different languages. It is tough to understand but once done its enjoyable.
they explaun it well but a bit boring because the way of the profesor talking is very slow
From Week 4 onwards, the pace of lessons got faster and faster. It was hard to catch up.
Week 4 and 5 could use more breaking down and the last 2 assignments for week 3 as well
its so great to know that much in Korean as a beginner ......thank you so much
An alright starting course, but the exercises could be a little more in depth
This course is really amazing and teacher can explain lessons very well.
the course is nice however the speed of learning the material is to fast
We cant understand the writing easily so it was hard for me
if the class could be more interactive it would be better
It was hard but worth learning at the end of the day.
Good course but sometimes teacher teaches too fast.
Boring/not-challenging but useful for the basics.
it was simple and rally suitable for beginners.
I wasn't able to finish the course
korean is a difficualt language
this course is very useful
videos was too long
It's awesome ,
thai sub plz
Too fast
I liked the course but I wish that the notes and way of teaching was a little more descriptive. I feel like the course should have covered a bit more when it came to tone of voice and how to pronounce the l/r sound.
The lecture and lessons were really nice but she speaks a bit too fast and you can't repeat what she said fast enough while learning it for the first time.
It is a very good course for everyone to learn basic of Korean. For me who have learned Korean by read Korean lesson book somehow this course not give much thing to learn. GRAMMAR (5/5)This course is good because it give me more insight about Korean grammar (difference between normal. formal, and informal speech; the using of 예요/ 이에요, 이/가, etc). THE TEACHER (5/5)She explain clearly and give some exercise in the video to make us practice. I like the method.VOCABULARY (3/5)There were not much vocabulary in the course. I hope Yonsei University would add more new vocabulary in the course.TEST/ ASSIGNMENT (3/5)I've taken another language online course at another site that similar to Coursera. That site's assignments more complex than this course's given. This site only test our reading and listening but there were not speaking aspect that scored here. And I wish you will add writing aspect to the course.LESSON (3/5)The lessons those given here really simple. They were easy to understand, but I hope there will be a sequel of this course that will give us  more advance lessons.Recommendation:- add more vocabulary,- add speaking and writing assignment, - a sequel of this course. Thank you for coursera and Yonsei University for giving me an opportunity to learn Korean Language for free.
It's a really good course to go from cero knowledge to very basic knowledge. In particular, the lessons in weeks one and two are very well-paced and the explanations given in the videos are clear and concise. The teacher takes time to enunciate and to explain the pronunciations of the vocabulary used in every lesson, which is of great help since Korean pronunciation is very nuanced and hard to understand the difference between the similar-sounding sounds.As an area of improvement, I would consider reviewing the reading material since it's very scarce. It holds all the vocabulary as well as additional exercises that the student can attempt on their own before watching the videos to do corrections, however, there are no actual explanations of the grammar learned in each lesson. Particularly in weeks 3 and 4 where grammar gets a bit more complicated, the explanation in the video is not enough to truly understand what the rules are and students who learn more by understanding grammar could use a more fleshed out explanation in the reading material. Overall I do recommend it, it's a great introduction and it's not too heavy, so someone who is a full-time employee or student can still pass this course easily.
Good course but not as good as the Chinese courses that I take through Peking from courersa.  I think it leaves a lot of gaps in learning. The Korean language has both formal and informal and how this class is taught is very formal. I wanted a combination of both. It doesn't also get into detail how korean sentences can be versatile. Furthermore, I took the course to get a better grip on reading and writing since that's the hardest part for me but it jumps through so quickly without offering students to learn to read in different ways. For example, children and many adults are more visual people. My Chinese course through Peking university gives you exercises with visuals as well. I believe that helps in retaining and understanding the reading element better. I expected more from Yonsei since it's a top university so a bit disappointed but it's not a bad course and like I said still useful in it's own way. Although, many of the vocabularies are completely useless for everyday life. I wish more of the typical vocabulary was included. Honestly, the talk to me in Korean material I ordered online is better.
To start learning Korean I think this course is a good way to do it. It has vocabulary, it has grammar and to start learning ways to introduce yourself and see how do you feel about this language I think it helps a lot. Because if you start with a lot of difficult grammar and stuff like that it'd maybe scare you but with little introductions about what do you do or about things you like it seems a friendly language. I'm looking for the next Yonsei's course and I hope it goes as well as this one. I recommend it to people who wants to start learning Korean.(If I had to say something bad it's that sometimes it doesn't explain exactly the grammar points. I mean, they show you how to say something but then they use another different example and don't explain you why it's different to the first one. I don't know if this makes sense but if you start doing this course our you already have done it, you'll understand me).감사합니다 승해강 선생님 ^^
This is a great language course! It's my first time learning Korean and I was able to keep up and learn so much. The course takes us from the very basic steps of learning the Korean language (reading hangul) to introducing ourselves and asking/answering questions about our daily routines. It goes without saying that you need to actually put in the effort to learn a new language. You can't expect to simply watch the lessons and absorb all the information.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that I feel like it is missing some important and basic information for people who are traveling to Korea, such as asking someone to repeat himself or to speak slower, asking "how do you say this" is Korean. Still, I'm glad I was able to do this course and I was honestly a little sad when it was over. I will definitely keep practicing what I learned so far and look for new courses to keep learning Korean!
I learned Korean nearly 20 years ago and decided to work through this course as a refresher. The course is fairly well done. The pace is a little aggressive, which is fine if you take your time to learn each lesson before moving on. Language courses are not the kind where you can just listen and then take the quiz. Slow down. Practice.By week four the speakers in the audio files were speaking on a level where I was having difficulty distinguishing some of the words. In particular, the differences between the 20th and 21st of the month can be somewhat challenging for a beginning speaker of Korean. On the quizzes, I slowed down and repeated some of the audio. Even so, I missed a few questions. I think the course should take more care in producing the audio files and planning the questions. Some of those my be nearly impossible for beginners to get correct.
The lessons are structured in a sequential manner, slowly building upon the concepts. The pronunciation rules and phonetic explanatiosn are very good. At times, there is too many details given with respect to phonetic changes and that adds to the learner's worry. As for the quiz, they are very learner-friendly. The male voice used is too harsh/baritone-ish to hear clearly. The possibility of downloading the video and the pdf file is an excellent offer for students and makes the value for money very worthy. After unit 2, I feel the concepts get slightly complicated and the explanations are more "pedagogical" than "learner friendly". To sum up, I enjoyed this course thoroughly and I feel a little more confident in reading Korean.
I was fooled by the number of weeks required to complete, there's actually a lot of content covered and you WILL need to revise! Definitely helps to learn the alphabet beforehand. I really enjoyed the focus on pronunciation and building up the vocabulary, but if you're a type of learner who learns best from extensive grammar explanations and exercises, this one might not meet your expectations. It integrates basic grammar points organically through studying everyday conversations. Overall, would recommend for complete beginners to get to know the very basics but not as a refresher. I'm personally very happy with this content for free but I have been supplementing my study with textbooks and grammar books.
Overall it was very nice and helpful. Though some grammar aspects were introduced as "dogmas" rather than explained, what I personally found a bit disturbing and had to look for additional explanation elsewhere. I'm fluent in Japanese and a University lecturer myself so I'm used to having to search for details on my own, but still, thought the course might have been even better if there was some more detailed grammar explanation included. I also found it intriguing that not even once was the polite form introduced (you'll probably find yourself in situation where you have to use the polite form sooner then the informal form as most of people whom you meet are strangers at first ;) ).
I learned a lot from this course. I was able to learn sentences that are commonly used on a daily basis between friends, as well as introducing oneself to strangers. I was satisfied with the quizzes. They were challenging but not impossible to answer. I just found myself in a bit of a struggle between weeks 4 and 5 since there was so much information to absorb; I felt I was unable to master them that much. I kept referring to my notes and kept rewinding since I had a hard time understanding due to so much vocabulary going on. I know I just have to practice and practice so I can master them. Overall, this was a big help and a good start to learning Korean.
I like the course, but was confused sometimes with certain endings and the reasoning behind it. I wish the teacher mentioned in the review part of each unit we used this ending because __. or which one would you use this or that. I wish this was included in the review units to help us review better for the quizzes which often asked to choose one from a few options (especially verb stems, particles, etc). However, I did enjoy the course as it gave me an introduction to basic Korean. I wonder if there is a second part to this. I would like to enrol. I appreciate also, having the option to redo the quizzes if perfect score isn't ob
It was all fine until chapter 4. But then the level hardness somehow increased a lot. I was able to understand everything up until that point but after that the grammer got more complicated so I feel more explanations were needed. But all in all a great introduction even though I have studied Korean on my own before I did not know a lot of things about how the alphabet came to be and realtionship of sounds and letter shapes. The professor was truly exceptional. Also prononcuation sections helped clear out lot of questions I had reading things on my own. Basically was hard towards the end but a very good introduction course.
The content was very organized, enabling learners of Korean to establish a systematic understanding of the Korean language. I especially like it when the instructor explains the origin of certain phrases. However, the lessons definitely could be more engaging; it could be daunting and a bit dry to simply repeat similar dialogues over and over again. Moreover, it would be great to add some explanations of basic grammar patterns (e.g. how the SVO patterns are different in English and Korean), so that when making sentences, students can really understand the construction of the sentences instead of simply repeating the sample.
Instructor can clearly explain course contents and mentors are very helpful in discussion forums.  It is also very good that some additional videos on Korean culture and its relationship with the language are provided.  The extra practice exercises set by mentor in the discussion forum are also very useful.  Since lots of materials (including vocabulary, verb particles, sentence pattern, etc) need to remember, it would be better if the course also telling some tips or organised way for us to remember them easily.  Finally, thanks Coursera staff for the support behind so that we have this interesting course to study.
Excellent course for beginners, although the topics may not seem too enticing the vocabulary taught is really good as well as the grammer (verb form changes etc.) It was easy to follow and understand all lectures, the pacing was a bit slower but bearable. It does get quite repetitive from week 3 on wards with the "pronunciation" section of lecture because it is the same rule applied so repeating it every lecture is not too helpful. All quizzes were on the easy side, not particularly challenging. The reading material is really helpful for future reference. Thank you for providing the course
This is good for complete beginners who wants to self-learn korean via online platforms. I do wish they have more course levels made available as well which would be really useful for non-professional purpose. I like that it's kept pretty realistic and usable for daily conversation as well rather than the standard "academic" or topik requirements. Or perhaps there could be courses created for daily practical use, business use etc where students can choose which would be more towards their needs or goals. Overall, really enjoyed this course. Thank you for making it so. =)
The content of the course itself was great. But I didn't feel supported when I had questions relating to specific content. It was course participants who generally tried to help each other understand the material and sometimes they were not confident in their answers/understanding as well. However, I thoroughly enjoyed this course, which allowed me to progress at my own pace. I would recommend this course to others as a first step towards learning Korean since it is easy to follow and provides good explanations. I also enjoyed learning the key vocabulary provided.
I really loved it!  The content is very usefull as it's something you will be using a lot.  There's plenty of vocabulary to use in everyday conversations.  The visuals help a lot to better understand and remember the grammar and pronounciation rules, as well as the vocabulary.  The tone of voice of the teacher is really sweet to the ear.I give it 4 stars because for English speaker it's just perfect, but it's a shame that for Spanish speakers there are some loopholes in the subtitles, although the problem starts in the lessons around the middle of the course.
That was a great  korean online class  for me because this is my first to learning about korean language . I was really want to learn about korean language then i got a opportunity to learning  about korean language that make me happy usually and thank you for all notes that you given to me that was helpful for me to speech in korean . By the way Yonsei University is one of my favourite university in korea and i hope one day i have chance to visit and study in  Yonsei University . Hope so BYE. Stay safe to all the teacher's in Yonsei University.
Pretty good for absolute beginners. If you take one semester of an actual beginners Korean course at a Korean university, basically all of these grammar points are covered. I would say Korean language courses test more vocabulary and add speaking portions, but this is also really good review for beginners to double check that they retained beginning Korean grammar points. I'm recommending to do the free version for the students I tutor in basic Korean as supplementary materials (especially the quizzes) to keep practicing on their own.
For some information on basic letters (complex vowels) I had to take help from google or some android apps otherwise this is the best course to learn Korean language. Be careful for word pronunciation and number systems as both differs from word to word and context to context. Same letter has different pronunciation for two different words and same count or number is pronounced in hours, minutes and for other context differently. Thanks for providing this course. Definitely recommended for everyone.
The teacher was very competent, she helped me grasp the basics of the Korean alphabet and how the language works. However i don't think it's suitable for absolute beginners, sometimes it was too fast paced with little to no grammar explanation. I would have appreciated it if there had been at least the romanisation of the Korean dialogues; that way it would have been easier to read them and understand the pronunciation, instead of just repeating the dialogues after the teacher.
Amazing! Just amazing ! Learning  Asian Language is both learning its syntax to write and the confidence to speak and  that's why we need some great teachers like her . Just one thing, This course is just an introduction course ,at the end I was like,"okay , but how should one  learn to converse the things which you speak daily like sharing stuffs with your friends, etc" .Question yourself,"Can I translate any sentence from native language to Korean?"
This course was very detail and the pace of the course was easy to follow. Highly recommended if you have no background knowledge of the Korean language and learning from scratch. Special thanks to Associate Professor Seung Hae Kang from Yonsei University for the lessons and and Coursera for the weekly deadlines for keeping me motivated and push myself to make sure I finish the lessons on time. All in all, this course was amazing! 감사합니다!  =)
To be frank, I have been trying to learn korean for 3 years but didn't progress well by myself. Through this course I could be able to learn most of daily conversation vocabularies and learnt how to pronounce correctly in such a short time. Professor Kang took the class gradually and helped me shape my learning progress quite smooth. Will recommend this course to everyone, beginner or intermediate to catch up the basics.
A very good start to learning the Korean language. The course is very well thought through and practical for basic uses. However, near the end of the course (last few chapters), the course seems to rush with so many information in little time that it's quite hard to catch up. All in all, the course is very insightful and I am able to understand and apply the Korean language around me more. It was a great experience.
It was a fun course. It is very convinient to study the letters and how to read, and to enrich the vocabulary. Of course, it doen't give the opertunity to understand a lot and the grammar part is still very waek, but for a begnner level this was fun and easy, I highly recommend it if you want to start the language, but if you want to continue the lesson you should start another course with a higher level.
Professor Seung Hae Kang is really great; her grip on both language's Hangul and English is exceptional. Professor made the course look so easy and understandable; her way of describing the words with correct pronunciation is very helpful. I wish, I could learn more through this course; it ended so fast.I am very thankful to all the creators of this course; thank you for putting so much effort into this.
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to achieve another goal in my life. All the lectures were very interesting and challenging even though at first , I was trying cope up and adjust. I knew that the lessons I took up in this course can be useful to me since I am into kpop stars. And through this course, I was able to explore such wonderful things and backgrounds about the Korean language.
Great course overall! I liked how how it was set up and it definitely helped me to start my Korean-learning journey. My only issue is that lessons tended to sometimes not fully explain things or go too fast so I had to seek help outside the course to clarify certain concepts. Perhaps a more detailed review sheet or even links to other resources would help resolve this issue. Thanks!
The course overall is good. But I would prefer if the lecture notes is before the video, so that I can print it right away and totally make use of of it. In that way, I don't have to go back on lecture video. It's a free course and I have nothing to criticize about. So grateful that such course is being offered on Coursera . Thank you Professor Kang. May god bless you. :)
This courses were really hepfull but i'm 100%  beginniner! To be honest it was really complecated for me to understand first how to read korean because we dont have any space in sentence and also for the pronunciation. So, at the beginning of  the courses it was really hard and i continued because i really want to learn this langage. So for me it's 70% good and 30% hard!
The course was extremely useful, especially the engaging videos that have a high quality in sound and visual. The cooperation of cartoons for the conversations help me learn it in a slower pace which was great for the beginners like me. I love the real-life scenarios that hooked the class. I would suggest to include engaging activities that can be linked from the class.
The course is mind blowing!With time and patience it is easy to get the language and the phrases. I only struggled really hard with telling the time. Also being hard of hearing made it a little hard to pinpoint exactly what time they were talking about. Overall this course is wonderful and anyone who is interested in basics of Korean should take it!Thanks a lot!!
Its currently 2:19 am but I just finished this course and honestly, I am so glad I took it because I feel like I was able to get a better grasp at basic or common phrasing to push me out of my shell. I know I still have a bunch to learn but this is a great first step. It was flexible and easy; it also gave me something to look forward to during this quarantine.
I have been teaching myself (attempting to) Korean via various methods over the past 9 months, but I really enjoyed the structure of this class. It helped me understand WHY sentences/words are structured as they are, instead of just memorizing a lot of vocabulary and cramming too much information in my head at once. Can't wait for more from Yonsei University!
Ms. Seung Hae Kang really focused on the pronunciation which was great. The course really helped in lots of aspects and it provided circular teaching method. The only problem for me was the only Korean written parts. As new words can be hard to remember, I could really use a little more English backup in sentence practices. Thanks a lot for the opportunity!
The discussions and the playbacks were essential. However, not sure if it were the audio, but the enunciation would not be as clear as I needed to learn; so I did venture outside the class for other resources. But very interesting to learn about formal/informal and addressing younger/older brother from sister or brother and other language and counting tips.
The videos were informative and the lecture notes provided the information written down. Within the notes you can practise the target language again in your own time. The only drawback is that, there should be some more questions. I feel that asking 6 and then 7 is not enough for beginners. I personally already know some Korean and did this to refresh.
very good start to those who love to learn korean and have watched couple of korean drama before (it will help alot at some point in this course) the only thing this that disappoint me was they didnt explain Final Double Consonants, which really make it little harder for me ( actually i went and learnt it from YouTube ) .but Huge Thx Yonsei
Easy to follow the lectures which are systematic and structured. Besides learning grammar, I found that the points about pronunciation were really useful which were not gone through in great detail when I attended Korean classes in language schools due to time constraint. Hope that there will be future classes of higher levels from Yonsei!
The course was great and well-organized for a beginner to take that first step in learning korean. I particularly like the pronunciation parts, as they provide additional guides that not many course does. I do hope there was more of it, but still, thank you very much for this.  너무 고맙습니다! I'll be waiting for a second 'higher' course. hehe
It really easy to understand and suit for beginner but I thought it wasn't cover basic Korea language because some important situations weren't contain in this course to use in daily life. However, this course makes me funny to learn and helps me so much about Korea language. So I'll keep learning next step soon for improving my skill.
It's a good starting point for people who want to get familiarized with the language . I wish they would have dug deeper in the matter of different endings for different situations. Also ,maybe update the pdfs to include audios so I won't have to go back to the video to listen to it again.But overall, I really enjoyed this course ^_^
I learn most of Korean from entertainment programme, but this class help me to correct the pronunciation and learn a lot about the Korean.This class is easy for all the people who wants to learn the basic Korean and Korean culture,  and you can have a better understanding about this lovely beautiful country!----Shuyu Wang from China
I liked the delivery, the choice of topics and vocabulary. Good job inserting the clips of real conversations, it was really motivatingto try to understand what they were saying. Good course for the beginners who are just starting. Howerver, I think the quizzes could be a little bit more challenging, seemed too easy for me.
ALMOST EVERYTHING IT'S CLEAR. AFTER THE FIRST WEEK. THE SUBTITLES ABOUT HANGUL WORDS OR PRONUNCIATIONS HAS BEEN OMITTED. IF YOU COULD CORRECT THAT THEN ALL WILL BE PERFECT.OH, AND IN THE WORK SHEET'S IT MIGHT BE ALSO IN ENGLISH , ITS A LITTLE BIT CONFUSING EVEN WHEN I AM ABLE TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS ON KOREAN.THANK YOU.
Like the course, but the pace is a little too fast for a beginner who has no experience before. Suggest to have a point to indicate the characters of the word so I can follow when the teacher is speaking. For new vocabularies, it is better to repeat more times than just say once.Thanks again, really enjoyed the course.
The first three weeks are great for absolute beginners to Korean.  Week four and five get very difficult. It's very hard to get a good grasp on the basics before it's already moving onto the next concept. I also wish there were more audio samples because pronunciation is the hardest part of learning Korean for me.
it is possible to pass if you don't have basic before!!! so work hard is ok. i want to suggest that  in test you shold have key after doing , because sometime i don't know what is my mistake and some part is over than the lecture(I feel that the lecture never mention some word before)  about 1-2 word for asking
I started learning Korean thanks to this course and my own efforts. It was very helpful, it gave me a base knowledge upon which I can build myself. It was not that much detailed probably due to time restrictions, I still had to look up for many grammar rules myself on web but it still taught me a lot. 고맙습니다.
This course is conducted and structured well. However, one area of improvement which would be very helpful for me is to include the hangul romanisation below every Korean word in the video and reading material. This is because the pronunciation of some words can be quite challenging for a non-native speaker.
For someone who is a newbie to korean languauge, it is an amazing course to learn the letter,their pronunciations and also vocabulary.One may or may not use it in daily  life but the basics have been taught so well that  anyone can manage to have the basic conversation with a native korean speaking person..
This course is very good for the students who want to learn Korean from the basics .It includes all the necessary skills for daily communication in Korean language.One point to be mentioned is that the pronunciation for the words might be given in English for easy understanding to a larger set of audience.
Could have more lessons regarding communicating in Korea. For example "do you know how to speak English?" , "Could you please lower the price.", etc... I believe most of the students that are attending course would be future tourist or are tourist of the country and this would help with their communication
I think the course was well done and very interesting!The only minus is about the text transcript: except for the first video, all korean text was replaced by [FOREIGN], which makes it useles to take notes. The only transcript who seems to have kept the korean text in the transcript is Simplified chinese.
The contents are really good and it 's basically all the basic korean for a beginner that I got to learn how to greet in korean and also basic conversation. Also, the way the instructor explain stuffs to learners were quite clear and simplified. However, the voice of the instructor was in a monotone.
It was very helpful, but I think it would be better if some basic information was explained. For example: is it necessary to use the subject like in Enlglish, or if the conjugations learnt are used for all pronouns. Nonetheless, the rest of the information was clear and well explained. Thank you.
I just previewed the course and the tutorials are hassle free and simple to learn from! I knew a few basic things about Korean and the videos helped me brush up on my past knowledge. I'm looking forward to the current session of the course to begin so I can complete it and be better at Korean!
At first I was able to follow the lessons until the 3rd part. But for the 4-5th lesson it's a bit hard, especially when I have to memorize the spell and the letters. Since it can be meaning different. After completing the course, I think I will need to learn again from my notes. 감사합니다 선생님
It was a really good course. The only feedback would be: sometimes there were words used in the dialogue that were not introduced to us before or after the conversation, or throughout the whole lecture video. I also wish there was an online method to fill out the notes and review.
The videos went a bit fast for me and the course tried to cover too many things in each video in my opinion, but overall it was a good introduction to Korean! The lecture notes were very helpful--I recommend printing them off and using them to follow along with the lecture videos.
This course is very informative and help learners understand Korean language from the basic.  Professor is really good at grammar explanation. However, I would like to suggest the course to provide the phonetic of vocabulary that will make the learners pronouncing them correctly.
The lectures were very fruitful. This was my first attempt in learning Korean and I am happy to have begun it with a course in Yonsei University. The Lecture notes were helpful too. As a beginner I am proud of my comprehension of Korean. I owe this to the online course.
I really liked the videos and the explanation, and i want to keep learning ❤I'm currently studying Korean at The Korean Culture Centre in Egypt '세종학당에소 한국어를 배워요', but because of the Corona virus we are taking a break, so i enjoyed keeping in touch with Korean.감사합니다 ❤
I have studied  Korean for about 10 months and still found some of the information useful. The numbers and  dates always confuse me till this day. Quizzes were on average too easy, just listening or multiple choice. The answers were easy to find without much thought.
Professor Kang was excellent in her teaching! I learned a lot! Although since it's a beginner course, I have hoped there was a 'romanization' part in every new word presented--especially since correct pronunciation is imperative in any language! Still, thank you!
Really loved this course, it was really easy to follow. Only thing that I would have liked was for the spoken examples to be repeated more than once to properly understand, as when speaking it can be a bit too fast for beginners. However, overall a great course!
When I already finished the course, I have a simple skill to read easy words but use a lot of time. I should study this course with more practice. Some sentence speaks too fast but it's okay if replay and repeat many times. Thank you so much to have this course.
Overall it was a very good course and really easy to do! i found that week 4 and 5 were a bit challenging due to the amount of material you need to learn but regardless im really happy I took it and now i can read,write, and understand some words which is great
It was really interesting! It made learning some of the basics of the Korean language fun and easy! It would be nice if it could also include more common phrases and the informal part of the Korean language. Other than that, it is a great course to take!
Some units have duplicate vocabulary. Would you like to add more variety of them and vocabulary in daily life is missing for examples position and location on on at bottom left right etc.And I enjoy  your class so much hope you add more classes thankyou.
This course is really good for study Korean as a beginner. Study from beginning like alphabet and lecture note are very useful. Also can study daily conversation too. You can practice by yourself with the worksheet and learn how to pronounce like Korean.
Overall it is good. But somethings should have been taught before. example: the native and sino-korean numbers should be taught before heading to the sentence/question format. That's the only problem which i faced. Other than that the course is amazing.
I learnt the basics. But I would also like more practice and supervision. There are other rules regarding the reading of words. These rules could have been mentioned more because the correct pronunciation of letters are very important. Thank you for all
Great class for those who would like to start learning Korean. If you have learned Japanese before, this will be easy. Professor Kang-nim is very good. Take note of the Particles and postpositions though, they weren't that clearly organised when taught.
Very useful. This course was informative enough to get me started, but not too loaded with info such that it would make me bored and lose interest. I hope Yonsei will continue with Part 2, 3 etc. in Coursera. Thank you to Coursera and Yonsei University!
Great if you know basic hangeul and need a refresher! Some of the lessons towards the end were a bit fast-paced but I enjoyed the course overall. I'm not sure how this would be for those who are absolute beginners though. Regardless, a lovely course.
This is a fantastic course!! It was very informative, explanatory and easy to follow along with. It helped to improve my knowledge of Hangul. I would highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn to speak, write, read and understand Korean.
At first I got bored because I didn't undestand much but after the fist two weeks it all started to make sense I like how the vocabulary is introduced and the practice part so I could immediatly make use of what is learned in that particular lesson
Very well organized class! Would have liked the practice worksheets to be something other than what was just covered. It would be more effective with similar types of practice that weren't already used. Overall, great intro to Korean course.
Teaches a lot of vocabulary for daily life. Still having trouble with the pronunciations, especially the double consonants. Also still not sure about some of the particles and when I should use which. But overall a great introductory course!
it was nice, It helped me to refresh what I have already learned from my previous Korean teacher. Although, the videos for lectures are kind of a bit boring and dull. Nevertheless, the quizzes and handouts are quite helpful. Thank you.
The first week lesson is a bit complicated on Hanguel alphabet/vowel/tone combination. So, it's more difficult to go through the whole lesson by reading it. Better provide completed table for word combining so we can practice it later.
esta genial pero como no hablo mucho el idioma inglés se me dificultó un poco ya que no todo venía traducido. (This is great but since I do not speak much the English language was difficult for me since not everything was translated.)
I loved the course. I was, however, overwhelmed by the amount of information especially in the last unit, No5. which had tons of vocabulary and expressions.  Thank you for the opportunity to learn, it has been very valuable for me.
I really enjoyed learning Korean through this course. The instructor- Ms. Seung Hae Kang is great! Recommended for the beginners.. However, one feedback would be to add the English pronunciation of the Korean words in subtitle :)
okk this is best online course i have ever learned. very interesting ,understanding and most important its start with alphabets for begginers its very good course. i am recommending every one who wants to learn korean language.
It was a great course! The only thing I have to say is that it would be helpful to use English phonemes to explain Korean pronunciation, and that there are also a couple of inaccurate English expressions in some of the lessons.
I think there should be more options for questions so people can't just cram the right answers, or at least change the order of the answers when retaking. Tests should also reflect the extensive vocabulary to encourage practice
Very simple and easy to follow, language is difficult to learn on a device but this course was very, for the lack of an even better term, human. The lecturer was very encouraging and the pace was just right. Thank you very much
Some of the lessons were a bit confusing because it included the materials which were not covered, but were coming up in the lessons ahead. Overall it was a good course. I learned a lot and will review my studies. Thank you.
I will remove one star because they are supposed to teach in Spanish too, but the subtitles are incomplete. I loved the course, I would like to have the intermediate part, but this encourage me to take the Topik  I and II.
It would be nice to have writing practice also. However, I understand how challenging that would be given that this is a virtual course. Thank you very much! Hope to see a next level course on korean language. Komapsumida
This is a little fast paced to be honest, but the structure was really good and informative. Would recommend as it helped me actually learn korean phrases and how to use them etc compared to previous self study sessions!
This is a very helpful introduction to understanding Korean. Practice makes perfect so I will try to use what I learned from this course as much as I can. Hopefully I can memorize more Korean words faster and better.
Thanks to Yonsei university. At first i was so scared that language of korean would be tough, but now i could read, write korean characters and fluently making my own phrases and coversation on my daily lifeThank you
Would recommend learners to learn hangul before taking this course. Great introductory course though, every lesson was structured in a similar way and some rules were explained. Lecturer delivered the lesson clearly.
The lessons were very thorough and the emphasis/detail towards the pronunciation were very clear and well-explained. I finished this course in a day because the lessons plus quizzes were simple and quick to complete.
Great course but it felt a little harder than a beginner course should be. Especially with the pronunciations and the transcripts were sometimes not helpful. I appreciate the worksheets to go over what was learned.
Such a great course for the person who prefer to learn korean language like me. The lecturer taught obviously. I can speak basic and knew how to make a sentence but however I hope there more courses in the future .
Completed. The course is very good. The teacher is very good. There are exercise files to try as well. Also certified Only The online institute has typed my name in the wrong certificate. So I felt a little fuzzy.
If you're looking to lean Korean, taking this course will help set the foundation for learning Korean and teach you some of the basic communication skills. It's easy to follow and the work required is manageable.
Only problem was that there were some questions which involve audios, they're not fair to deaf people who wanted to learn Korean. That was all. I liked the course and the teacher. Thank you for this oppurtunity.
It was a really good course. The only thing i'd add could be a person's help. There are things you would've wanted to learn by hearing and asking a real teacher, but apart from that, it was an excellent course.
Good introduction to basics and practice.  Could use more clarity for differentiating sounds that are hard to tell apart in English (e.g.ㄱ vs. ㅋ vs. ㄲ) and for when to use various postpositions (e.g. 는 vs. 를).
This course is quite suited to beginners if you want to know and use some basic sentences to communicate, this course is a good choice. But if you want to learn Korean intensively you should find more courses.
It's easy for a beginning learner,the teacher taught the structure and the framework that Korean are formed.It seems that we can use the method that we learn English to learn Korean.It's an interesting course.
It was a good class, and definitely laid down a foundation for learning and understanding the lesson.  However, it was difficult at times trying to understand, the professor would say the Korean too swiftly.
Super informative and they give you worksheets you can print out but the follow along videos go really fast and I had to rewatch the videos multiple times. Successfully learned the Korean alphabet for sure.
I found the course very helpful, although it is very condensed. Sometimes, I felt it moved very quickly. But all in all, I learned a lot and it definitely helped me to start my jumpstart my Korean studies.
This course was very good - occasionally I felt as if it moved a little too quickly but the beauty of the video is that you can pause it! I would recommend this course to another beginning Korean learner.
This course is very useful for first learning Korean.I have learned the meaning Korean alphabet through first week session.Firstly we know Korean alphabet's history. It helps us understand Korean easily.
Its a great course for starting, it focuses more on the grammar side which is just as important as the language itself. Definitely a course I will review constantly, for when I need to write and speak.
Learning any foreign language is a tough task and especially languages like Hanguel and Mandarin, but I would like to thank the faculty who designed this course and made it easy for learners like us.
For a beginners course  this was very interesting and very easy to learn . I am glad that I enrolled for this class . Thank you Yonsei University for this course. Very much appreciate your support .
I like the way the lesson is being conducted. Only downside is, there is not much written practise.  If there is written practise like typing it, that will be a good practice for learning retention.
This course is so easy to learn but  have some vocabulary that never learn before. By the way all of this course is so good for anyone who want to start to learn Korean language. Thank you so much.
I completely the course and it was really fun to learn Korean language but I received my certificate where the course name is written in Chinese language I don't know why. Kindly assist me with it
If the media has an illustration or meaning in English when the long sentence is in Korean ( Week 4-5 ). Will be easier to communicate and understand.and thank u so much to make this course.고맙습니다.
I learned a lot and the course was easy to follow. I feel confident that I can have simple conversations in Korean. This course was a good base for starting my path in learning the Korean language
I've learn Korean before and would like to practice so I come here and try this course. It's good for beginner and I wish you'll open the harder one. Thank you for this helpful course. by the way.
Very informative and a good introduction to the Korean language! I'm definitely intrigued to learn more and would be seeking out more classes to dive deeper into the Korean language and culture!
I wuld request you o additionally add the pronunciation in English alphabet for better understanding of how each alphabet is pronounced. Nonetheless, I had fun learning this course. Thank you.
it was a fun course, it correct my pronunciation.. sometimes the pronunciation in the exam isn't clear.i really enjoyed this course & i hope there will be another courses for Korean language.
The course was great. I have a recommendation that is when the teacher reads in Korean, there should be subtitles in Korean or there should be romanized subtitles, the written pronunciation.
I have been waiting for a Korean language course with coursera for a long time. it is very good course for beginner; I had all the explanations and the pronunciation techniques were helpful.
It's a very good lesson. Sometimes it is a little bit repetitive but it really helped me master basic sentences and useful vocabulary. I'd recommend it to everyone wanting to learn Korean.
The course was sequential, it moved from letters and their sounds and on to words and constructing basic sentences. I was able to read within a few hours of practice. I enjoyed the course.
i did learn a lot but i thought that some of the phrases are not really important to learn on your first time learning Korean i think that there are other phrases  that are more necessary
I like the course very much, mostly the first 3 weeks, after that the lessons became a little hard (too complex and too fast), but in the end with a little effort, I managed to finish it.
Detailed and accurate but requires many resources online to be able to grasp the basic syllabus for vowel, particles etc. Overall, a very good course with more practice questions needed.
This course was very helpful and all the information were explained properly in a way that anyone can learn easily. But I do wish that they make another course for more advanced levels.
It's still a bit hard for non speakers but it's made quite easy to understand overall. I wouldn't say I can speak after 5 weeks nor can I really understand BUT i can read the alphabets
It was very helpful for a beginner like me! The lessons were easy to understand because they were structured to aid the learner in refreshing the finished materials. Thank you!
I think the contents are too fast for some learners who did not have background knowledge about Korean language but in my opinion, this is all comprehensive and useful for us.
very patient and helpful instructor.  Nice variety - with lecture, practice exercises, video of native speakers & conversations, repetition, flash cards, etc.   Useful topics.
Was a great  course. Very well structured, with a nice teacher. I learn a lot and I understand every lesson. So thank you for that effort. I'm gonna keep practice, never stop.
Hello teacher this course is very interesting for me and make me know more about Korean culture and Korean language basic. I looking for award you offer course level 2.thanks
I liked the lessons with the work sheets. Sometime they spoke a bit fast for me, but I learned how to read many of the words. Still need more practice with pronunciation :)
This course did a really good job giving me the basics of the Korean language. Going over the videos helped me with confidence of speaking and listening to the Korean terms
This course is really good.I wanted to learn Korean language.This course has fulfilled my wish.I am very glad that I have learned some Korean language.THANK YOU SO MUCH 💓
The course was very useful for me as a beginner in korean language i am really satisfied with the result . it was such an interesting time...thank you from all of my heart
the sound was a bit crackly for some of the videos and there was a lot of words and sentence structures in the later lessons but definitely a good introduction to Korean
Great first step course. Included reading, writing, speaking, and comprehension. I picked up reading and writing best; speaking (specifically pronunciation) was hard).
Is good for someone who only want to speak some sentence by using Korean but not for someone who want to learn the grammar and also the change for the pronunciation.
Thank you Yonsei University and Coursera for giving me opportunity to learn Basic Korean for free. I already know to read Hangul but still need a lot of practice.
The videos were very helpful and well described. By making use of the notes after the lesson, it helps in improving your hold on the language. Consistency is key.
This course really helped me start learning Korean, my only complaint is that sometimes the way the slides are set up, makes it hard to understand and take notes.
Thank you so much for teaching but as I know these are just basic,we have know more vocabulary..but these are very useful though.. any way thank you for this much
This course is really helping me to learn Korean. Really the best course for the beginners. But the speaker has to English title what she was speaking in Korean.
In the first week, I was so confused of the characters. I think there is another way to make it easier, but if you can pass the first week. It could be better.
First of all, thank you for teaching. I had learned a lot, however, there are some feedbacks from me which I wish to have romanization as well for convenience
Its really helpful and thorough. This course helped me alot with my Korean skills. I am very grateful to Yonsei University for providing this course. 고맙습니다 !!
It's an excellent course, but too fast paced, especially the last two units.  I'm glad we can download lessons because I still need to mull over the alphabet.
It is a very good course, with good explainations and excercises. I would like it to have more content, though, but I am pretty satisfied with what I learned.
I finally can read Korean language from taking this course but in chapter4 (WEEK4) kinda hard to understand and hard to pronounce btw this is a good class :)
This course gives a good exposure to Korean alphabets and very basic vocabulary. It would have helped better with romanisation of the Hangeul letters though.
Great course. However I completed it while exceeding the dateline. Then it locked the last quiz and deleted all my prior quiz result and learning history TT
It would be helpful if I could extract all the text from the PDF, such as the text in the example conversations. Makes it easier to make flashcards. Thanks!
I like this class because the teacher explain very clear and i understand quickly.Thank u Yonsei university and Teachers.Waiting for new level class.Thanks
This course have many good things that are easily applicable and easy to learn. It could be even better if it introduces some verb conjugations or tenses.
Good introductory course to be able to have short talks in Korean. I would like to have more historical and cultural information along with the course.
Thank you for providing the course, I really wanted to learn Korean a  I am into Korean dramas and k pop but then this is also an add on for my resume.
It was fun to learn Korean Language with this course. I really got so much to learn about Hangul and the Korean dialogue. The instructor was good also.
It was a good refresher course for me and covered a good variety of topics. I think it would be helpful to those who are just starting to learn Korean.
More clarification needed for letters with two sounds, example - between 'ch' and 'chh', 'r' and 'l'. Rest pretty nice. I literally got a lot of help.
It is good for beginners. A lot is understood. There could be more practice sessions, and longer quizzes. Usage of particles could be elaborated more.
Was hard for me follow up the classes because I don't know if my pronunciation was good, I suggest put the pronunciation below the hangul. Thank you
It only lacks the written pronunciation of the words. It is difficult to follow! But the organization of the course is good and it has an easy pace.
Keeping aside the usual difficulties in learning a new language online, this is a really good beginners' course. I could learn a lot of new things.
Thak you  very much for irarning the first step korean for enhancing experience in speaking, writing,listening,reading thank you thank you so much.
Loved the course, after struggling to find the right thing finally I found this. PLease let me know how to find another course to continue this !!
All in all it was great and informative, the only issue were the reading pdfs part, it was a bit hard to read them. thank you for the opportunity.
Thank you for the course. The content helped me get a good basic understanding and skills regarding the reading of and communication in Korean.
very good course for beginners. some subject particles and various topic markers are confusing but the community is very active to give advice
I enjoyed this course a lot! I liked the teaching method and I feel like I would be able to have a conversation with someone confortably now.
It would have being better to include more of speaking activities for us to practice speaking, since its one of the hardest skills to learn.
Best beginner Korean course I have taken so far, would have been even better if the transcripts were all completed like the one for Unit 2.1
the lecture notes are a bit hard (and unattractive) to review, but overall this course has provided me with the basic Korean skills I need.
This course is  very useful for beginners ,easy to understand and learn. It engaged my attention ,hence i was able to complete the course.
easy to follow with new vocabulary to learn..plus, simple step by step is shown. useful for those interested in learning basic korean.
This course was well structured and I'm very interested to learn new skills and language this will help for me to first step in korea
For around the last part of this course i think it is too fast in vocabulary part and in the whole course teacher speak too fast too
Overall is good. The lesson help me to know more about wording and some culture in Korean. Pronunciation is too difficult to listen.
Very good course to take along side with studies to help give more common conversations practice and explanations of grammar rules.
A useful course, but I agree that having english translation and pronunciation for the slides majorly in hangul would really help.
This course really helped me a lot. Special thanks to the instructor. I really recommend this course for those who  are beginners.
This course is very helpful for beginners wanting to learn Korean, especially those who want to learn to read and write Hangul...
It is a good course very informative a little fast paced for someone without prior knowledge but overall interesting and helpful.
this course is good for beginner. I would like to suggest that you need to add HD picture in exam because I can't see it clearly.
I really liked this classes of korean, this helped me a lot to understand the basics of the korean language in a really easy way.
I liked the course, although its very basic and would be nice if in the future there would be other courses for medium learners.
It's awesome and helpful for me! And it could be more interesting if the teacher would like to share more korean culture to us.
I really liked and I learned a lot, but I dind't know how to send the homeworks. So Thanks a lot for the course, it was great.
I love this course. This is first time for me to study basic Korean course. I print all worksheets for practice. Thank you :)
It would be better to have a greater grammar structure for the course. We havent been teached in pronouns or sentence tenses
this course is well-organized although with the course going on i t goes more difficult, it is also a good challenge for us.
it was very effective for me to learn basic Korean language. i would love to learn more things about Korean language here
The pace by which Prof. Seung Hae Kang was teaching is really good. I was able to understand the Korean terms properly.
Good would like to have more information to improve speaking skills in Korean. A little confusing with the verb usage.
It was a very interesting course but it started to be more difficult to remember everything in a short period of time.
it was pretty nice i like how they teach but imo it was a little fast although the concept and teachings was all good
It's really great, but sometimes it goes a little to fast. Especially for someone who isn't a native English speaker.
It was a very nice course for the people who want to learn Korean as it teaches u the language from the very basic .
This course was thorough. There is  so much material that is covered and weeks 3 onwards the work gets more intense.
I felt thta it was too much information at once, but it was great, and it covered appropriately all the main topics
It will be easy if the pronunciation have the roman translation, so that easily word can be spelled and understood.
I didn't need to learn anything to take the quizzes, I suppose I have some knowledge or the quizzes are too easy...
Overall good. I already am actually past this level but it was good review especially about things I had forgotten.
I loved it but I think it needs more continuity like having "Second Step to Nail Korean" or something of that sort
This course gives a good start. After that practice is more important which can be done through apps like memrise.
ME GUSTA MUCHO EL CURSO, PERO YO NO SE HABLAR INGLES, ENTONCES AVECES NO SE ENTIENDE MUY BIEN EN LOS SUBTITULOS.
The course is very good to start. I think that some explanation can be added when an answer is wrong in the test
she speaks fast, but it's okay because it challenges my hearing skills more. the course really helped me a lot.
I am sorry I got behind in this course and did not do my assignments on time. But I still learned a great deal.
It was very informative session and I learned korean very well and I believe that I can now learn more korean.
It was short, but it was very good and helpful! Learned enough to feel like continuing with my korean studies!
great course, one of the quizzes messed up and didn't have a correct answer, but other than that it was good.
I find the teaching is really good, just a bit fast from Week 5, so make sure you will restudy in the future.
The material could have been better.  It did not always match up with the lecture.  I did enjoy the teacher.
Could have been more interactive with the mentors, but syllabus wise it was helpful for a highschooler even.
explains really well! thank you so muchvery few insignificant mistakes (mismatched picture with the script)
It picks up very quickly. In the last week particularly, they cram a lot of vocabulary and conjugations.
helped me although i wish it would give more reading practice.Like stories or poems to practice reading.
Very nice class. Great worksheets and explanations on video. Thank you. Now I must study and practice!
Very good for those who are keen to learn Korean and the instructor delivered the content very well
Course materials are good. Lecturer is good. But the duration per video and per module is too long
I loved this course! Please post a little bit more advanced level for those who want to continue.
The course is really helpful to learn basic korean ( hangul) language. It was a good experience.
The content is interesting but only casual korean was taught and formal korean was brushed aside
The thing that i don't like about Korean courses on Coursera is that there is only two of them.
the lessons were simple and easy to understand. I learnt so much within a short period of time.
The Course Module is good but I wish that the slides would have been translated to English also
I learned a lot of vocab and grammar but sometimes its too fast I cant repeat some conversation
Pretty easy to understand, professor Kang explain everything very well and her English is good.
Thank you very much! It definitely helped me to make my "first step" in korean language! 고맙습니다!
Good, really appreciate the step of learning. I may suggest to have subtitle for pronunciation
Covers the basic of korean language. Well organised contents and syllabus. Beautifully taught.
It's quite useful for beginners; however, the knowledge hasn't been arranged quite optimally.
It's easy to understand but a lil bit to fast for me as a very beginner into korean language
An amazing enriching experience! Kudos to the teacher! I bet it'll help when i go to Korea..
This is a great course for practicing Korean pronunciation, i got new vocabularies as well.
It was a good course. It didn't offer the free certificate like the website said it would.
I need a Thai transleat in the video lecture. For students are not good English. Thank you
It is very good! It could go a little more in depth but other than that an amazing course!
The course was a great attempt... I learnt many new things.. Thank you for all the help..
This course is very interesting and is made so that one can understand and follow easily.
Great practical conversational skills.  Teaches by conversations rather than rote memory.
Lessons are easy to understand and the course outline is certainly coherent. 고맙습니다  강교수님.
A very usfeul introduction to the Korean language. Basic knowledge and helpful guidlines
it was very helpful but in the last 2 weeks it begins to be somehow hard to rope it all
Great course for beginners!! The instructor was really clear in her explanations too :)
Excellent course even though pronounciations are difficult for those learning at first.
Compared to the other course of Yonsei this is far easier and cotains less information
I like this course. It's really good for the beginner, the quizzes are not difficult.
A good way to start learning Korean. It's easy to understand and quite comprehensive
I would like you to put karaoke sub below the sentences for easy to understand. Thxs
It would be better if the exercises are more difficult to improve learning outcomes
Very good introduction course. The notes and lessons were well prepared. 

감사합니다!
the course is perfect but there are some things i can`t understand it .. thanks ♥
i would like to learn more with this program, but it was really good, i love it!
this is good, but i'm not confidence with this korean basic skill that I learned
Great beginner's course. A bit too fast at times, but nonetheless very well made
Good, exposed me to fundamentals. I need more practice and repetition, however.
i cant give full because coursera ask for payment for the certificate lol hehe
It was an excellent course and the instructor was impactful and very practical
Simple, understandable and helpful guide for me to learn the korean language.
very simply transfering the lessons, iam very easy to understand the lessons
It's a very good course for those who want to improve their speaking skills.
thank you for this think i'm so happy. if you have next cours i will study.
The course was quite helpful to understand the Korean culture and language.
A bit old fashioned type course, and quizzes are too easy, not challenging.
It's the best course you can take for your first step with Korean language!
I think it'd be good to have more practice excercises besides the lectures.
The lesson was great, learn how to write and read Hangul from this course.
Great course for beginners. However, the explanations not precise enough.
it's easy to understand and the explanation is comprehensive. thank you.
Thank you. I will be dive deep into learning Korean in the next course.
Nice learning experience . Simple as well as participatory . Thank you.
Great course ! Maybe, add a lesson about how to say our age in korean ?
It was nice, specially because i didnt pay for the certificate, cheers!
I preferred Learn To Speak Korean 1 but this course was still very good
i did not rate it 5 stars because it does not teaches all,but its good
It would be very useful if you want to start to study Korean language.
Really helps with learning phrases,but doesnt focus on grammar as much
I had fun and learned through the course in the first step in Korean.
I really enjoy in this course. It is really impessive amd I love it.
I bit difficult  need to stop and repeat the pronunciation everytime
It should have included a little more content. I loved learning it.
very good and informative, wish there were more practice excersises
Very helpful in helping me revising the lessons I had before this.
it's very helpful for beginners and it's focus on speaking skill.
some things weren't explained, but everything else was well said
I like that don´t use the romanization. THis was a great course.
It was helpful for learning basic vocabulary and conversation.
I would like to continue learning and practicing the language.
The course is a really good first step into learning Hanggul.
the methods of teaching are very punctual and well understood
I found this course and materials helpful and easy to follow.
This is amazing course for beginners and I have learnt a lot
The tests really need to be harder and closer to the lesson.
Excellent course for those wanting to begin learning Korean.
I enjoyed her teaching.  Vocabulary and phrases were useful.
It would be better If there are more explanations of grammar
very informational! thank you for explaining step by step.
Very well structured course for essential Korean survival.
Very easy to learn and understand, very good for beginner
Nice course. Complete basic knowledge of Korean language.
this course is great. it's easy  to learn and understand.
Very good course. Contained the essentials for beginners
A lot of vocabulary to memorize but the content is good.
I liked how the teaching was done in a simplified way.
It’s good way for foreign people to study basic korean
Easy to understand but sometimes, she talked too slow.
I want to learn more of Korean to gain knowledge more
Help so much with additional particles and vocabulary
Some vocabularies didn’t but appeared in the quizzes.
It was a really helpful course with good explanation
First step Korean was indeed a wonderful experience.
Quite easy and helpful for beginner to learn Korean.
งานดี but don't have  translates  of language Thai.
It's grateful learning  for me 😊.. Thanks Coursera
It is really a good course to start learning hangul
Good course, some week lesson not easy to remember.
Very good but almost without grammar explanations.
I think it's indeed great to learn via this course
great to learning korean thank you for good thing.
Great course, very informative and well organized.
Very nice approach to study korean for a beginner
Really good accompliment materials for beginners!
A nice way to start your Korean Language journey
It's good course for learn basic korean language
Really good for the start. I would recommend it.
Good for new Korean learners to start from zero.
Increase my knowledge about the Korean language
easy to listen for the beginning Koean language
For a beginner, the course was really helpful.
Thank you so much  for your efficient lecture!
Very good course. Thank you Yonsei University.
I loved the course one of my favorite courses.
This class is so helpful for me.Thanks a lot.
best suitable for beginners . simple and easy
I really learned in a simple manner,  like it
it is so good and useful i got new skills :)
It was a great course to learn basic Korean.
I have learned korean very well. Thank you.
that was really goo (free) online course !!
good class to learn Korean for the beginner
Very good for beginner, I would recommend.
Good course! I like the style of teaching!
details for this are rather a little bit.
Thank you for opportunity to learn korean
Well presented class. Easy to understand.
A bit difficult but definitely worth it.
i HAD A HARD TIME COPING WITH THE LESSON
The course is suitable for the beginner.
It is overall good experience. Thank you
Training of the course is really great
I want to un enroll this course please
Too fast for me but a lot of knowledge
very  clear and useful for beginner !!
I really enjoyed learning this course.
More listening videos would be useful!
To the teacher,Thank you so much!!!!!
should have more english translation
easy to follow with a lot of example
I liked how each word was explained
Good enough material for beginners.
Very easy,helpful and informative.
Thank you! I've learned so much!
good for study during quarantine
easy to learn. hard to remember.
i llike this course. so help me
it was very helpful, thank you.
too fast paced. hard to keep up
Well structured and well paced.
Korean language is so difficult
Excellent for learning basics.
Great beginner course! 감사합니다!
its helpful for me. thank you
Was a good and helpful course
very nice and easy to learn !
another achievement with fun
good class thank you teacher
Less on the repeating words
it was good!!exiting too...
Always is able to be better
I like the excellent course
Good way for self learning
good. i love this course.
thank you dear professor
comfortable for starters
good and helpful course
It was good to learn :)
Very good online course
Excellent teaching ...
subtitle not have thai
Great for a foundation
That's the best ever.
So nice I love it 🥰
It very helpful
Fun learning !!
depth learning
Easy to learn.
very complete
it was good.
easy learn
Professor Kang is really nice and she guides me through every lesson with detailed explanation and dedication. I enjoy learning the course and I believe this is a very good choice for Korean beginners
It was very well organised and presented. There was good opportunity for repetition in the videos and good opportunity to study the main written expressions and grammar in the PDF files. Excellent!
This was course was very informative. I really enjoyed the content being that I wasn't on the paid version. I didn't feel like I was missing out on anything but learn a lot from this course. 감사합니다!!!!
The course is amazing for now! The teacher explains everything in a great order and it helps me a lot with Korean. I understand a lot more now. Thank you for that Seung Hae Kang and Yonsei University!
A really good starting point to understand what's the Hangeul is constituted of and have a taste test on daily conversation. Last 2 modules were of quick pace which encourages me to revisit more often
This is the first online course where I can begin to understand how to put sentence structure together and begin to understand honorifics. I do think that you have to come into this course with an understanding of the Korean alphabet and basic knowledge of how to compose and read letters. Once you have that down, this course definitely helps you begin to move forward in becoming fluent with verbal and written comprehension. You definitely have to practice and repeat your practice consistently to retain your new knowledge. I love this course. Thank you!
Thank for the free course and certificate. I'm from Thailand. I would like to improve my self  about language in quarantine period. Your web is the best way for study at home. It's good for every one.
Very informative, a great learning experience.  I really appreciated the emphasis on correct pronunciation for the vocabulary words and the conversational videos for a good "listening" practice.  The instructor is very good and the course is well-thought out.  Definitely recommend.
Seung Hae Kang Mam taught each lessons thoroughly. It was very easy to learn.I am an Indian and I have watched more no:of Korean dramas and I like all Kpops , especially EXO. I like Korea very much.I have made Korean dishes .So, I just made up my mind to learn Korean language.So,I took " First step Korean" course.As expected,Coursera always provides best university's courses.It was an awesome experience.I learned Korean language very easily.Now,I am going to take another course "Learn to speak Korean 1" by Yonsei University.Thanks a lot Mam for giving such an awesome teaching.. :)
I love the course. The professor explained everything well. I understood everything. The practice exercises help you understand the lesson way better. The only thing that still gets me confused is the pronunciation on some vowels. But, there is a program included in the course that helps you with that. I totally recommend this course. 감사합니다 !
SO great! Every lesson taught me something new. Even if it was something I already knew, I feel like I was able to learn a new way of saying something or a new word related to what I already knew. This is a course I will come back to for reference. 연세대 고맙습니다!
I am loved it this course and I'm so very thankful for your time, i really too happy for learn to you, thank you too much.고맙습니다.사랑해요ㅋㅋㅋ  ♥
A really well-structured and informative course. Of course, the reason I started this course is because of my interest in Korean media and this course helped me get a basic grasp of everyday Korean.I would really recommend beginners to spend a lot of time on week 1 of the course to nail your hangeul reading and writing skills because the course does not offer romanization of Korean words, and rightfully so. Once you're comfortable with it you're gonna have an absolute blast with the course! 고맙습니다!
Really good class for beginner and few experimented. 5 weeks of work, 4 hours by weeks for me.If you want to start Korean or if you just know some little stuffs, this class will help you a lot.
Very well-taught! This is informative, fun and easy to learn.
What I liked most about the course is the fact that it doesn't romanize and uses a simple approach with daily situations that facilitate the visualization and fixation of the content. I know there is still a lot for me to learn in the language and to practice, but I really feel that this course has put an end to my fear of "being too difficult to learn Korean". So my thanks to Yonsei University and Professor Seung Hae Kang for the content. / O que eu mais gostei no curso é o fato de ele não romanizar e usar uma abordagem simples com situações diárias que facilitam a visualização e a fixação do conteúdo. Eu sei que ainda há muito para aprender no idioma e praticar, mas realmente sinto que este curso pôs fim ao meu medo de "ser muito difícil aprender coreano". Então, meus agradecimentos à Universidade Yonsei e à professora Seung Hae Kang pelo conteúdo.
Good way to learn Korean language. Though it may sound easy at first, as the week goes by, the topics discussed becomes a bit difficult and as the instructor mentioned, requires a lot of practice learning sentences either verbally or written. A word of advice: Important to adapt and understand the topics on the first week as this will be very essential to master the succeeding topics for the remainder of this course. Still great job for the instructor as I have learned a new language and continue to practice it.
Excellent course! I've been studying Korean for five months now. When I did Week 2 of this class I understood so much about sentences, vowels, consonants, etc. It was a terrific explanation. Self-teaching is still great for me but having the teacher is still great as well. I recommend people to do this course. 감사합니다 선생님! 연세대학교 공부를 좋아해요!
I really enjoyed this course and feel like I was able to improve the little bit I knew of korean! That being said I already knew hangul and had a basic understanding, but I could see how this would be difficult for an absolute beginner.  I am thankful that this is available and we are able to take this great course! 정말 고맙습니다!
I feel like this was a very comprehensive and easy to follow course to learn some basics. I would highly recommend it to anyone trying to learn as learning grammar on your own can be difficult. I would also advise anyone taking it to take notes on all the lectures to help them memorize the material.
This course is well organized and presented. Professor Kang is really nice and she slowly guided me through the lessons. She is good at explanation and given useful exercises. If you don't know anything about Korean language and want to learn, I recommended this course for you!
This course helped me so much to develop my korean language , I already knew alphabets and some simple basics but I had problems when it comes to numbers , hour and days . But now I think I'm getting better . Thank you so much for this course . I really recommend it
the instructor has really patient and nice vibes! and the pace is good for a beginner like me :-) it teaches a variety of grammar, vocab and sentence structure, will recommend to those with no/little korean language knowledge!
It was really awesome experience throughout the course .The way the language is taught is really great and the course pattern keeps us persistent to complete the course through tests and much more.
Hope i can study more about your language and other stuffs. Thank you Professor Seung Hae Kang for teaching Korean class. Hope i can meet you in person. Stay safe and Godbless! <3
Excellent course! I learned a lot and I hope to speak fluently and visit South Korea someday. Thank you Professor, Seung Hae Kang and Yonsei University!
Acctually I started learning korean language months before, but this course gives me more information. It was very useful to practice my pronunciation.
That's awesome, I realy learn and understand so much, I hope more lessons or another course like this
Excellent for first step Korean language. Hoping and looking forward for a next level course offer.
Great teaching! It is a good place to start for a beginner. I think I have learnt a lot. 감사합니다!
Really good caurse for beginners like me.
Great for learning basic Korean!
Above all, I would like to thank Yonsei University and
Professor Kang for the opportunity to get acquainted with the Korean language
precisely in the way we did through the course. This course is very useful for
absolute beginners as I was. I did not know even a letter in Korean and used to
think that Korean alphabet was extremely difficult which, by the way, prevented
me from studying it. However, this course helped me to realize that “Devil is
not black as he is painted” and it is not that hard providing one will make
enough effort. Regarding the course itself, video materials were very
informative even though they normally lasted 10-12 minutes. I liked the way
professor explained themes during all 5 weeks and of course additional
materials attached after each lesson. Learning any foreign language requires A
LOT OF practice and all quizzes, short dialogues and vocabulary in this course
help me to do so. I keep studying Korean via different social networks and I
feel deliriously happy when I encounter there some words, grammar rules that
I’ve learnt thanks to this course. I highly recommend it for people who want to
start studying this beautiful language from the very beginning and considering
any free course available. It is definitely the best option! Good luck everyone!!!
First Step Korean is a really good beginner course to start learning Korean. The lectures are structured in a clear manner that gives the learner ample examples to understand the usage of the language and allows the learner to practice along very naturally with Prof. Kang.Personally, when I learnt basic Korean through Korean TV shows and classes in a community club, it was hard for me to grasp the grammar as it was pretty confusing. This basic course allowed me to understand the usage of grammar, such as 이, 가, 은, 는 and transforming basic form verbs.The lectures are delivered in a way that allows you to learn in a gradual manner and frequently review what you have learnt in previous lectures. The subtitles and notes make the lessons really easy to understand and follow.Through Coursera's online platform, the video lectures allows easy review of the lecture without having to physically sit through a class. I'm glad and grateful that First Step Korean is offered on Coursera and I hope there's a Second Step Korean in the near future for us to carry on with intermediate learning.
I have been self-teaching myself Korean for about 6 months and have found it extremely difficult. This course offered me the ability to listen to a native speaker and to communicate and practice real time. I love it so much, my only complaint is that it did not go into depth on the honorifics. I am advanced enough that I have a good grasp on basic speech and I have a large vocabulary, I just lack the ability to use appropriate honorifics. That being said, I learned something new every lesson and got a good grasp on the concept of time and questions that I have been having trouble on. I would highly recommend this for someone who has just started learning and has begun to familiarize themselves. For someone totally new to the language, it might be a bit overwhelming, but it worked great for me and the basic knowledge I already acquired. Also, Mrs. Seung is an amazing instructor and her voice kept me focused and helped me to learn!
To be honest, initially i was very aversive of completing this course. I thought that a new language that too with an all new script to which i am unfamiliar. Plus, being deriven from chinsese characters it may have many characters with different sounds. But as i am Indian and Marathi being my mother tongue, learning the pronounciations of the hangeul became pretty simple, which i think may not have been as simple if i would have learned it based on english phonetics. However, talking about the facilitator of the course, Miss. Seung Hae Kang was absolutely amazing. She would pronounce the alphabets very clearly, her speech was very lucid. Plus she would remind from time to time the uses of the particles very clearly. The course design was very feasible. I am very grateful to Yonsei University. This university's certificate has great value. Thank you so much!!!!
It was a very informative course that taught the Korean language in a fun way. I was so immersed in the subject, that I would just keep studying almost all the time. The way the classes were executed was very skilled, where the teacher explained everything so detailed and in a clear way. She also dove into the pronunciations of certain words (since the way you pronounce Korean is very important). Moreover, you can feel the support of the mentors who were there to help and answer any question any of us had in the forum section, this also gave me some sort of confidence and reliability, it encouraged me to continue studying knowing that there is someone out there ready to help and there are also other learners in my position as well.Thank you very much for everyone for this beautiful course! Very well recommended! You really won't regret signing up!
This is my second time taking this course and I can't begin to thank the organizers, instructors, moderators enough. This course was my first formalized experience with Hangugeo and the way it's structured really helps you get started with basic Korean. I also took the next course 'Learn to speak Korean 1,' and together with this course, I have a better grasp of Korean language than I could have ever accomplished on my own. What really enriched my learning experience was writing everything down, pausing the videos and reinforcing what I hear via speaking and demonstration. I am earnestly waiting for more courses from these guys in Korean; they have an excellent touch that is nonpareil to other Korean language courses I have used.   앞으로도 즐겁게 공부합시다. 쌤, 너무너무 감사합니다.
I must say that all  the concepts were systematically explained . The additional vocabulary provided at the end of the lesson is also great .The  test and the worksheets after every lesson was helpful for me in testing me what I have learnt. Overall the course experience is great and has increased my skills in learning  a new language . Through this course I was able to learn ,write ,speak and read hangul effectively . I would also suggest to add an advance level also for learners so that they can further continue learning and become more fluent in learning korean . Although this was a great experience . I Thank those who have put such an efforts in preparing the content for the learners and for making us learn a new foreign language .
I very much enjoyed the clarify and structure of this course. I have been studying Korean in a classroom situation, but I have found that devoting one big block of time once a week - at the of the workday when I am tired - has been difficult. Also the mixed abilities and ages in the class meant that some were pressing to move faster, while others of us would have benefitted from a more moderate place. This way I learn at my own pace, at a time suitable to me, and I have regular contact with the language during the week. The only disadvantage I can see is not having others to 'talk' to, but I haven't found that concerning at this early stage.Very well thought out.... just the right mix of techniques
This online course really help me to understand more the Korean Language and how to form and use those words that often use in our daily life correctly. It also help me to broaden my knowledge and vocabulary in Korean. I took this online course for me to enhance my Korean Skills and also to add on my profile when I am finding a job as I love learning other countries language especially the Korean Language. This online course is really convenient these days for those people who wants to learn Korean Language and cannot go out to study at a University or in an Language Center due to the Virus. So, I suggest this online course to everyone who wants to learn from the basic of Korean Language.
This is an amazing Korean language course. Professor Seung Hae Kang is a wonderful instructor and the course is really well designed. It has a 'situation approach' in which daily life experiences are used cleverly to teach vocabulary, pronunciation tips, particles and common expressions. It also teaches some useful facts about Korean culture and the course's discussion forums are highly active with nice mentors willing to help.I truly enjoyed the content and I would strongly recommend to take this course to anyone who wants to get started in Korean language.  Thank you to Yonsei University, professor Seung Hae Kang and all the staff involved in the development of this course.고맙습니다!
I loved this course!  I want to thank Professor Seung Hae Kang, who clearly cares about her students and wants to make sure everyone succeeds.  In addition to the great instructor, the lessons were broken into easily digestible segments so that it wasn't discouraging to someone who is just starting out.  Also,  I found Unit 1 extremely helpful in learning pronunciations of letters, especially to someone unfamiliar with the sounds of Hangeul.  This course has inspired me to continue my education in Korean language and culture, and I will be taking Learning to Speak Korean 1 in a few weeks to pursue this goal.  Thank you to everyone involved in putting together this course!
What a fantastic course! I really learned a lot about Korean basics and feel comfortable progressing to more advance studies after completing this course. I would recommend more opportunities to practice certain sounds and syllables, such as the aspiration/tension sounds and composite vowels, as the provided soundboard only covers the basic consonants and vowels. As an English speaker I had a hard time distinguishing sounds like 시 and 씨. I would also recommend an explanation of more instances of when to use different subject particles, as I would see 은 and 는 in places I did not expect on the quizzes. Thank you so much for the learning opportunity. 고맙습니다!
I've completed week 2 (out of 5-week module) and so far I'm learning a lot! Each module is presented clearly and systematically (e.g., starting with basic concept, then as concrete examples on grammar, application in real life, pronunciation, additional vocabulary, quizzes as part of the active learning), as well as in 'bite-sized' chunks. It is not overwhelming at all! It makes learning a new language feasible in my busy life. I've been using my commute time to complete each module. Thank you to instructor(s) and course designer(s)! (I would attempt to use Han-gul to type at least the last sentence but my keyboard is not fitted with the characters yet!)
This has been an exceptional course. I have really enjoyed it as an introductory course to Korean, because it does a good job of teaching the basics without trenching too much in the details. I believe that in beginning stages a learner should not boggle themselves down too much with the details of a language. With time and exposure details are learned. Our instructor was easy to comprehend in her English pronunciation; she was professional, and she seem to enjoy the topic. I feel confident in the foundation that has been set for me and therefore, I am confident to continue what I hope will become a lifetime journey of enjoying and learning Korean.
An excellent course for anyone interested in learning Hangeul and some Korean words! The course covers topics useful for some conversation-starters. There are also many examples for practising various sentence structures. As my first time learning the Korean language, I have benefited a lot so thank you! I think the pace of the course gets slightly fast at times, but it is understandable given the amount of content to cover in each video. One small piece of advice for anyone in this course is to repeat or replay parts of the video (where you did not catch the Professor) - it would be useful for reinforcing what you have just learnt anyway!
I am really happy with this cours, before it I was clueless about the korean language, but now I feel impressed of how much I learned and improved in such a small amount of time. Thank you Professor Seung Hae Kang, your way of teaching helped a lot, and made easier this experience. I always have love study languages because I find fascinating how different they are, or how similar they can be from one to another and that at the end, learning a new language not only breaks the barrier of communication but help people come together. If it´s your first time learning korean, this is what you are looking for. Thanks a lot, and good luck!! :)
This was a very educated course for me as I am a beginner in Korean. I still have to continue practicing writing Korean, I am pretty comfortable with understanding it orally. My only recommendation was that there be phonetic pronunciations next to the Korean writing  (in subtitles) as I went to Google translate to get the pronunciation right or tried to make the best of what Seonsaengnim said. But overall an awesome course, I did this course via free to enroll but I will be paying for the certificate and continuing to practice to say and write Korean as I wish the course was longer (I downloaded the videos to look back on in the future)
This course provides a well-paced introduction to learning the Korean language. It is well-suited to students who have little or no knowledge of Korean language to begin with. The course videos and the conversations of the players in the instructive videos helps us to get a feel for how the language operates in a real situation. The course lecturer provides detailed explanations of the origins of Korean vowels and consonants, the way the language is constructed, correct pronunciation, and much more. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn the Korean language. Many thanks to our lecturer for this great course.
Completely worth it! The teacher is very good at explaining the basics along with grammar and reason for as to why the language is the way it is! It really helps remember the language logically! The teacher also had good control over the course and its material and its flow. I really wish it was released as series from basic to advanced so that we could achieve higher understanding and fluency in the subject. Highly recommend.Suggestion for Coursera- With the K-Wave around the world, I really hope you add more Korean courses online. Thank you so much Teacher Seung Hae Kang and Yonsei University. Also, thank you Coursera.
I enjoyed this course immensely. This is my third attempt at starting to learn Korean in the last two years. I tried by downloading worksheets off the internet and using Duolingo. However, I got much more out of this course. Even though this is just an introductory course, I have a much better foundation that will better serve me as I continue in my journey to learn Korean. Duolingo is now less frustrating because I have a little more understanding. Professor Seung explained the "why" which makes it easier to process and then replicate. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn Korean!
This was the first course that I took from Coursera and it helped me to be able to read, write, and converse in the Korean language. The structure of the course was effective for me, the quizzes served as checkpoints to make sure that I am understanding the lessons well. The instructor was really good, too. The forum posts and interactions from other learners were of big help too. Overall, I liked this course very much, and I would recommend this to those who also want to learn the language. I hope that I would be able to take more language courses from Yonsei university in the future. Thank you very much!
It really is so easy but I need to listen to more conversations. I get lost when it is spoken but I can read the lectures. I get to understand when I read the lectures.  I enjoyed learning Korean so much I just had to finish everything so I would know the point where it gets hard(er). You were very understanding the way you made the quizzes easy for first time learners like myself. Now, as practice I will take the English captions off my dramas and see if I can understand the conversations but I need to beef up my dictionary.At least now I can read the characters. All the best and again, thank you!
This course is really easy to follow and understand, and the quizzes are not that hard. The teacher draws parallels with English in her explanations, which is helpful if you are confident enough in your English comprehension (if you are not a native speaker). The lessons are both long and short enough at the same time to not overburden a beginner learner and since they are freely available online you can re-watch them at will to practice. The content is also on point, vocabulary and grammar provided are just enough to really kick-start your journey into the depths of learning the Korean language.
Thank you so much. That's help me a lot. I learned more about the daily life terms and sentences. But the speed will be a little bit fast for a brand new learner which don't know the alphabet. Learner have to replay few times to remember and practice. Too many message to their brain. I'll suggest learners to learn some pronounce first, and back to this course to check is the pronounce right. Then learn something new in this course. It will be easier to follow the lectures. (You know there has a deadline of those lectures). By the way, the course is really helpful, I'll recommend learners to join.
안녕하세요!When I started this course, I had no idea on how to read or write in Korean. It was an entirely new language and I was very excited but a little scared. However, by the end of this course I could read and write in Korean with ease. The course material was very easy to understand and learn from. I do have to build on my vocabulary but that I am sure is a longer process. I am very glad I enrolled in this course. Overall it was a brilliant experience and I would love to continue studying Korean. I would also like to thank Professor Seung Hae Kang and the mentors for this course. 감사합니다!
it gave me a good idea of what is expected from me as a beginner. The course being online could be completed at any time as per my convenience which was the best part considering my profession. The pdfs are available for review which are very helpful again. I wish there was a course which would guide us further regarding the exam structure for language proficiency exams. its a very very helpful course for anyone who wants to learn Basics of Hangul. Professor maam swords enunciated the pronounciation very well.Overall it covered all aspects of learning a new language for beginners.
I am impressed at how I learned writing and picking up new vocabulary words in Hangul knowing I am just a beginner. Aside of course from being so engrossed with the Korean Hangul, I am really thankful I got this course and now after daily practicing my writing I am able to memorize the alphabet and little by little learning more words in Hangul. I will see if I can still enroll in more Korean classes here in Coursera because it is free. Thank you very much Yonsei University for this chance of a lifetime. More power to everyone behind this Mooc Course. Gamsahabnida 감사합니다
This is a very good beginner course that requires the student to practice, practice, practice. If the student does the work, then the lectures, and quizzes will support them in a substantial way. The quiz is well designed to measure what the student learned in that module. There were some audio issues in the beginning where the audio was wrong, but if you studied hard, you can still choose the correct answer.This is not a course that can be casually studied, in order to do well, practice is necessary. I appreciate this course and look forward to the next level.
Amazing, I am just a high school student who just loves learning languages as a hobby and I can say this course truly made my understanding of the Korean language and pronunciation much better. Before this course, I was learning Korean alone with only phone apps and just resources I can get my hands on, like KDramas, Kpop songs, Korean ballads, talking with Korean friends, etc. I am thankful for this course and the instructor for providing this opportunity to teach this language to many others in a magnificent manner! 감사합니다, 당신들 덕분에, 저 산 정상까지는 더 올라갈 수 있습니다!
I think this was a good introductory course to be sure. Since I've studied Japanese before, I knew how crucial it is to memorize the alphabet in this kind of course, so I did not have much trouble in the following weeks. Given the format of teaching, word pronunciation was slightly difficult to follow, but I tried my best to try and emulate what the instructor is saying. I did use the notes provided but found it much more beneficial to write my own notes to practice spelling. Overall, an excellent course for anyone interested in learning Korean.
As a Thai student who interested in the Korean language. This course helps me that learning Korean is not that hard. At first, I must say that I am worried maybe I can't understand these languages. Both English and Korean but actually It's clear and easy to understand. I recommend this course to whoever interested in the Korean language. It's fun and sometimes maybe it's difficult but if you usually practice it, finally you can understand it for sure. Thank you so much for making this course and made me understand the Korean language even more.
This course has helped me a lot in learning to read Hangeul. The course is very easy to take and the design of each module is really student-friendly. For non-Korean speakers like me, the materials given like videos and worksheets are a great help. I can review them anytime. The professor is very amiable, composed, and fluent which I think is a great factor to the overall success of the course. This course has truly inspired me that I can't wait to fully learn Korean Language and visit the country in the near future. Jeongmal gomabseubnida!
I absolutely enjoyed this course because the mentor explained every little bit of the Korean language which made it easier to learn. Although I did not pay for my certificate which may probably limit my assignments, I definitely thought that the assignments were helpful because they provided notes and examples about the lesson. Besides having recorded audio and video of students speaking Korean made it easier to learn rather than just listening to it from a robot. I would absolutely sign up for a further advanced lesson on learning Korean.
Very informative but I think that, if I hadn't already had a basic knowledge of the Korean alphabet and grammar structure, I'd have found the grammar explanations to be a bit too brief. Excellent for beginner level refresher though. Some glitches in the tests (e.g. the correct answer being something not taught until the next lesson) and the videos (one lesson unable to be downloaded on any of the computers to which I have access). Would be good if this course had some social /cultural lessons (like how to drink in front of a superior
This course is an excellent introduction to reading, writing, and speaking Korean. At times I felt like it was going a little fast for me, but I appreciated the challenge. The course teacher is good and does her best to show you how to pronounce certain things, though a few things sounded so similar to something else that I was sometimes really thrown. Learning a language is quite hard, this made it a lot of fun. Oh! I also really appreciated the little skits included - they helped me to practice my listening and pronunciation!
It is a helpful course for people who wish to learn the Korean language. The well-planned structure ensures that the students not only learn the vocabulary and grammar but also understand the correct pronunciation of the words, and how and when the same are to be used. The small conversations at the start, focus on pronunciation, detailed explanation of the concepts, additional vocabularies, and worksheets followed by a quiz at the end of every chapter ensure that the students have a holistic understanding of the concept.
As a complete beginner for learning Korean language. I am very impressed with the way of teaching of this website. as being a curious 13 year old I wanted to do something new in this lockdown and learning a new language was always in my bucket list. I didn't have any high expectation from myself and the website but the result as even crossed my expectation from which am very pleased. I can write and read hangul know. I definitely recommend this website to the beginners who are interested in Korean language and culture.
I wanted to learn Korean language for some time but I had no idea where to go. Fortunately I found this course conducted by Yonsei University on Coursera. This course was really great and helpful. The way the Lecturer conducts the lesson and the course material are very easy to understand even for someone like me who does not had any basic knowledge about Korean language at the beginning. I would like to thank Yonsei University's staff specially Associate Professor Seung Hae Kang and Coursera for this wonderful course.
I started studying Korean by myself with some books, but I know I was going very slow because one thing is studying on books by yourself, an other thing is when someone explains you things and why to do something one way or another. This course is well structured, it allows the learner to improve its written and speaking skills too - along with listening. I would say it helped me so much to understand the basis of this language. Now I can only continue and study hoping one day I will become fluent in Korean. Thank you!
This was a superb course. The material is logically organized and the explanations are very clear. The practice exercises and the quizzes were great ways to reinforce the learning. Even though the course is short, there is a good amount of vocabulary taught, as well as important grammar points. I had previously taken a beginner Korean course, so some of the material was not new to me, but the way that things were explained actually helped me to better understand some of the things that I had learned previously.
Going into this course, I've already learned how to write and understand Hangul but after days of learning properly what was the origin and how to use it proficiently. It was so easy to understand and the professor was really good at explaining things even though it could be confusing to people like me who are in a different culture. I've always loved learning different languages but I'm excited to finally use this Korean language and put it to the test! Thank you so much for this course. It was very helpful!
안녕하세요! I really enjoyed this class, and I found it extremely useful as a beginner with very little prior knowledge. Ms. Kang is a very good teacher, and her explanations of the pronunciation were very helpful when a word was quite confusing to pronounce. I liked the way the topics were divided and made sense. It was also nice to hear it in a conversation, which would be an example at the beginning of every lecture. Overall, I'd recommend this course to anyone looking to understand the basics of the language!
I think this is an excellent course for anyone who wants to learn the basics of Korean. I would and have easily recommended this course to a bunch of my friends who wanted to learn Korean but couldn't join classes the way I could! It was a great way for me to revise and I learnt a few things (particularly about pronunciation) which I hadn't known before! Thank you for this course and I really hope that more courses (for higher levels) are added! Best of luck to anyone who is about to start this course :)
The course was easy to understand and application is easy. Just need to remember to practise on pronunciation as often the tone of answering and asking is slightly different as compare to speaking English where there is no tone in differentiation in asking and answering a question. Difficulty when the pronunciation of the earlier word to pass on to the next syllable with non sounding words thus written and spoken words might different.. Overall, the learning of the language is fun and easy to catch on.
This course has provided me with the very basic elements of the Koren language and I have to say that despite of the enormous differences between the languages i am fluent at so far. Getting into a new set of characters sounds encouraged me to challenge myself to practice them until i master them. I will keep on practicing them then! Thank you professor Seung Hae Kang and all the ones who were involved to make this course available for us. I would really appreciate you continued doing this amazing job!
The course was detailed and very easy to understand.One thing I did have a problem with from time to time was  differentiating between words - I've noticed that Korean words can be very close to one another and it's sometimes hard to tell if there's a space between two words or if those are actually one word. If this course could make the spaces between words bigger, it would be easier to see each word as it is instead of getting confused if a certain phrase is two separate words or one word.Thank you!
I have been a fan of Korea and everything related to it for the longest time now, and to find an online course, let alone a FREE one, was an actual gift from the deities. I have officially taken up real life courses as well because I want to go further and learn the whole language due to the sheer beauty of it, and this language course was what got me into it in the first place. Massive props to our beautiful Korean teacher for giving us a boost. I hope to see further courses in the future. 고맙습니다! ^^
Iam so greatful to my teacher Seung Hae Kang shi who did an amazing job in teaching hangul to every new student in the most simple and brilliant manner possible, with her consistent method of teaching help me to study hangul in an effective way,like she said practice makes perfection,as a student i will do my best to practice and learn more.i wish to learn  more and more lessons from her teaching. Anyway iam always indebted to her, forever in my life, for teaching the basics of hangul.
Excellent course - well done Yonsei! Great teaching style which includes role play conversations - it helps to train your ear for live conversation. Also, they breakdown the grammar and explain it well, where other "popular" courses do not. The writing exercises reinforce learning - reading, writing and speaking is the best was to learn a language, and no this is not theoretical - it works! My only suggestion, add more units and make it an 8-week course because 5 is simply not enough.
I absolutely loved that course, I learnt so so so much. I have been learning Korean with private teachers for 3 years and this course was a nice companion in order to further my learning of the Korean language. I like how the course is structured, I like the teacher very much, we learn a lot too so I truly believe this was a nice course that I recommend to anyone who wants to learn the Korean bases. I hope to continue and develop my learning skills with Korean. Thank you so much ;)
This course has been quite an accomplishment for me I never knew I could understand any form of language not written in the Alphabet format... Kudos to our facilitator Professor Seung.I shall so much love to make remarkable progress from here...I wish such opportunity presents itself, I promise not to let the professor down. Sometimes I have to go over the class again...no surprises that I was able to score 100% throughout the entire modules.Please consider me for an advance class
This course is really helpful not only for beginners but as well as to those people who already familiar with Korean Language. It introduces you with alphabets, grammar, pronunciation and also the cultural aspect. In this program, I have become more familiar with sentence construction and gaining extra vocabulary that I can use for daily conversations. But the most fun part is that there is also a forum section where you can share and gather inputs and discuss in depth the lesson.
After 5 weeks of Intensive studying my first Korean class, I was amazed how is it easy to learn a language if one is really willing to learn and to practice it. The videos and the professor gave a detailed input on how to make learning Hangeul fun and easy to understand. I hope the "foreign words" ---the words in Hangeul will be also written in words so that pronunciation will be easy as well. I recommend this course for all who are just starting to learn Hangeul. Happy Learning!
I've always wanted to learn hangul.  And professor Seung Hae Kang teaches in really simple way which is comfortable for basic learner like me. i loved everything about this course but i think adding some k-drama dialogues or some hallyuwood  just like how Barbara Oakley put some hollywoods into Mindshift course i think can be way more interesting and fun for the beginners like me.  Anyway, Thank you coursera and Yonsei university for the course and the valuable time teaching us.
I've always wanted to learn a new language and I've always been interested in the Korean language. I spent time watching thousands of videos and none of them explaining the language, culture, and usage as well as this course. I really recommend it those who are just starting like me. I have learned how to introduce myself, talk about my family, and so much more. I will continue to study my notes and get better. I want to thank Yonsei University and Ms. Seung Hae Kang for this.
This course is absolutely amazing for someone who has wanted to learn the basics in the Korean Language. This course is formatted perfectly including the easy to follow along and understand videos, practice worksheets, and quizzes at the end. I would recommend this course to everyone wanting to study Korean as it feels like an actual class where you have to study weekly. This course is absolutely wonderful and surprising that it is free because it is so worth it. Thank you!
Thank you for the course! It was both interesting and challenging. I've learned lot of things. Numerals for me is still the most difficult topic. And for Hebrew speaker there is a specific problem: there are letters that look very similar and it's very confusing. I'd like to learn more basic stuff like personal pronouns for example if such a thing exists. How many times are there in Korean and so on. But anyway it's a very good start and I'll definitely continue to learn
First of all, thank you very much for this course, Yonsei University and Professor Kang Seung Hae ssi. I'm now fully able to read and write Korean language. And by practicing, I'm being able to understand and speak more Korean day by day. To be honest, I'm loving this language more and more. It also helped me learning various customs and practices of Korean people. This course was very helpful indeed. I'll definitely recommend it to any person who wants to learn Korean.
Very informative on the formal and informal ways of speaking Korean. I learnt a lot of vocabulary and understood Korean pronunciation better as well. I also reinforced my knowledge of numbers and the system of alphabets in Korea. However, the course might be too fast for someone who is entirely new to the Korean language. Probably recommended to do some reading first before getting into this course, which may become stressful over time. Thank you, Yonsei Univesity!
Great course! The teacher speaks slowly enough that you can keep up with the reading. If you want a starter's pack to Korean, this is it. It doesn't focus too much on grammar or theory, but on what you actually need to know.One thing that confused me at first was the order of the materials in class. Because it starts with a dialog, moves on to vocabulary, and goes back to the dialog. Once I got used to that, it was very enjoyable to follow this course!
고맙습니다  :)
This course is very useful for people who would like to learn first step about Korean language. There is a lot of data that make me more understand about creating a sentence in daily life and also can respond to Korean people in a simple conversation. The teacher's explanations is clearly and easy to understand any lesson that they prepare for us and also videos are good! For me, I really like this course and I'll spend more time to practice this language. ^^
Working with Yonsei
Unversity through Coursera has been an amazing opportunity. I had been
searching for a formal, online way to learn & study the basics of the
Korean language, and this was exactly what I was looking for! Seung Hae
Kang is an exceptional professor, and I enjoyed learning from each of the units
of this course. First Step Korean has inspired me to continue furthering my education of the Korean language.
To Yonsei University & Coursera: 감사합니다!
This was such a fun and great course to follow. I really want to learn more Korean and this is great for starters. You will learn how to write Hangul and speak in a very easy way. The classes are not too difficult and you can keep up easily if you spend the time each week on each course. I recommend this for everyone who wants to learn the basics of Korean language. I finished today and I can't wait to get my certificate. Thank you so much Yonsei University!
I didn't know anything about Korean, even though I am really interested in Korean Culture and also love listening to Kpop. Basically other then a few vocabulary that I knew, I could't read it or didn't know anything about the grammar. This course makes it so easy the learn, the videos are short and easy to understand and the quiz questions are also easy when you understood the topic. Overall it makes learning Korean easier, I would definitely recommend it.
I really loved it. And since I was already interested in learning Korean this is the perfect way for me to kick start my journey especially since I'm home quarantined and my school hasn't started yet. I used this opportunity to focus on my Korean. Thank you for providing this. Even though I would have loved to start with the FORMAL way because I read that it was impolite to use the INFORMAL way to someone you just met but thank you for greatly helping me.
I was extremely nervous and hesitant about taking this course. I finally took it and since I had time, I dedicated my free time to this class and to doing the assignments/exercises. If you put in the time to study, you will succeed. My Korean is definitely better than it was. I will continue learning and have been trying to sharpen my skills by listening to see what I can understand from YouTube videos and trying to read what I can because of this class.
This course was really great, the teacher was fantastic, everything was well structured and it really was a great starting point to learn this amazing and interesting language and culture. I'll definitely take my time to practice what I've learned and will try to do other courses in more advanced levels to master the Korean language. Thank you for offering this online, thank you for sharing your beautiful culture with the world. I wish it were longer!
Thank you very much for creating this fantastic course! I like this course so much. I have been enjoying myself studying these Korean lessons for full five weeks. Those are 5 weeks of happiness. I will try my best to improve my Korean skills. Thank you professor for teaching me. I like your accent, your voice and the way you explain every little detail to me. I wish you the best. Stay safe and stay healthy during this current situation. Take care :)
I can hoenstly say that languages is something I have never excelled at but for whatever reason I managed to get a hold of the Korean alphabet and learn some basic conversation because of this course. The teaching, vocabulary provided and exerciess make the course interesting. Highly recommend the course to anyone who has a genuine passion and interest in the language for whatever reason (I started off as someone who just enjoys K-drama). Good luck!
I have really enjoyed learning Korean Language through this First Step Korean by Yonsei University as a Sri Lankan. There are lot of knowledge and skills included in First Step Korean course. And I should mention that the Professor Seung Hae Kang is a great teacher, instructor who helped to achieve a great goal. Thank you so much teacher. I highly recommend First Step Korean by Yonsei University for those who want to learn Korean Language.
Before join this course, i already know a little about korean from korean drama and korean music. But after i join this course and learn, i know about how pronounce and utilize korean language in a good way. Professor Kang is a great instructor (Thank you Professor Kang :) ), she explained and guided me very well. This course is easy to follow and very informative because the course is explained korean language that we used in daily life.
It was a really nice experience to learn Korean language. The course was very interesting with good demo video clips and convenient sentence and phrase examples. This course covers most of the basic things you need to speak and write in Korean when you have a normal conversation with Korean people. After successful completion of this course, you can easily write or speak in Korean about yourself and describe most of the things about you.
Thank you so much for this course. The lessons were easy to understand and comprehend. The forums teams were very helpful too and responded to my questions immediately. I am so happy with this course. Although I wanted to learn Korean out of interest due to k-pop :P , but I feel proud for utilizing this maple of time during this global pandemic. Thank you so much. I really appreciate the efforts put into this.Regards, Aditi Pattanaik :)
Really enjoyable course to take. I found this unit really well planned in terms of when topics and new vocabulary were introduced. In fact, this was more helpful than my own university's Korean Beginners course which I paid for! I like to give an hour each day for each week's lesson because I tend to pause and repeat phrases to check my pronunciation; this way I also won't be bored as I get distracted very easily. 한국어를 가르쳐 주셔서 감사합니다!
The pace of the topic discussion is enough for beginners to have. The explanation and examples given on each topic is not confusing to the learner. The lesson is not complicated which really helped a lot in assisting a beginner like me. I need the Korean language skills for my work. I really wanted to master basic conversational speaking skills. Thank you Mrs. Kang and thank you to Yonsei University for their generous assistance.
The course is amazing, very thorough and the professor explains everything in a very clear and polite way. In my opinion, the deadlines of the course are a little bit tight for a full-time worker that wants to study the language because the modules require a lot of self-study during and after; However, the deadlines can be reschedule so that is another plus. Thank you very much Yonsei University and Professor Seung Hae Kang.
I really liked it!  In truth, I had spent time learning Korean years ago (basic) and so this course was more of a refresher for me. However, I recognized that I had lost some words and so this course helped me get back up somewhat. For a 'first step' course, however, it really throws you in the deep end with reading and listening. For those who have never taken any Korean or asian language before, it might be overwhelming.
This is a great course. If anyone wants to learn how to read and write Hanguel as well as some basic everyday Korean phrases, this would be a great place to start. The instructor is very nice and her pedagogy is very simple, easy and understandable. I completely recommend this to new learners, this is a great first step to take if you want to start this journey of learning Korean. Thank you to the instructor and Coursera.
Very helpful intro course. The videos are easy to follow and there's lots of examples.The extra notes are sometimes lacking (for example the pdf for 5.4 doesn't mention 듣다 and the other irregular verbs) so I took lots of notes while watching.The vocabulary list seems daunting, especially in the last week, but with some practice I've memorised most of it.
I liked the parts that explained pronounciation in detail.선생님 고맙습니다.
This is one of the most useful Korean courses I've ever taken. It is simple but significant. Foreign learners can study the lessons themselves by watching the videos provided in each lesson, revising the content through the uploaded documents and doing the quizzes to grade their Korean skills. Lastly, I will be glad if Yonsei University provides more courses about 'Learning Korean As A Foreign Language' in the future.
My reading, listening and comprehension skills have greatly improved. I also have a better understanding of the literal meanings of words and phrases as well as patterns which makes it much easier to create my own sentences. I enjoyed the pacing of the lectures and the practice exercises. There was a lot of variety and variation in dialogue as well as enough pattern and repetition to facilitate the learning process.
I really had fun taking this course! It is easy to understand and to follow for beginners like me. Professor Kang's explanations are clear and concise but I agree with her that the best way to learn a new language is to keep on practising. I will keep on review the lectures on this course to make sure I don't forget what I have learned. Thank you, Coursera and Yonsei University for this learning opportunity! 고맙습니다!
I'm so thankful for this Online Course from Yonsei University!It helped me a lot to understand the basics of the Korean language and I'm also looking forward to learn more about the Korean culture!Everything was easy to understand and also the quizzes gave me some motivation to study hard. I'll definetely keep practising on my own and visit Korea some day.  Special thanks to the wonderful professor, Miss Kang!
In this course I learnt a lot of interesting things about a language so difficult as the Korean one. The teacher Seung Hae Kang has always been clear and good in her teachings and explanations. I'm more curious about the "Korean world" now, and as I found other courses about Korea on "Coursera", I'll start another one as soon as possible.Many thanks to Seung Hae Kang and, clearly, thanks to "Coursera" too!
When I started I have no idea about Korean language, but now that I've finished the course I get pretty nice writing and listening skills, I'm also be able to speak and read, at least a little (the basics), but It will improve with the practice and time. I know It will help me in future. I'm really grateful with Yonsei University for allowing us learn and for teaching us a bit of Korean culture. 고맙습니다! <3
Overall, a brilliant course and First Step into learning Korean. I loved the lesson and the availability of the worksheets, however particles and vocabulary were often added with a only brief explanation of them. I would have liked a bit longer sessions to practice the new or additional information, rather than just repeating the new phrases to better help them stick. Thank You for making this available!
Absolutely loved the course. Perfect for beginners. Practice is key definitely in learning any language and Korean is no different. I have learnt so much from this course. Totally recommend it to anyone trying to learn this language. Thank you so much. Also I m really grateful for all the mentors who would answer all the queries in the discussion forums promptly. Really appreciate it. Thank you so much.
너무 너무 감사합니다!!!I knew some Korean before taking this class so I wanted to take this course and see how much I knew, this course has helped me with some grammar and a lot of vocabulary also it has encouraged me to learn more and more about this beautiful language. I think with a lot of hard work I could at least understand sentences and read without the necessity of look into the dictionary all the time.
Thank you very much seon saeng nim, I have learnt so many basic knowledge about Korean language, and it was very interesting. I was enjoying the lecturer so much. The lesson has been taught in very good way. I could understand the material very easily. Hopefully I could learn more about Korean language and become a fluent Korean speaker one day.. Thank you so much for your great lesson seon saeng nim..
The materials are clear and easy to follow. The course teaches me some basic ways to make a conversation in Korean. Also, there are a lot of vocabulary to learn from in this course. Of course, not all Korean vocab is here, but it's helpful to learn quite a bit from this course alone. Would highly recommend for beginners wanting to get a first glimpse of Korean language. I really enjoy the course !!
I am addicted to watch Korean tv series and its impressed me to learn Korean language, when I joined this program I know some of the words such as unni, oppa, harapuji and so and so on, when I started this course it drive me to the real world and I really engaged with this, and I need to thank Professor to teach the lesson in a way in which we can clearly understand, thank you so much. Kamsahamnida
Thank you for this course. I am able to understand sentence construction of Koreans. Also I may be able to understand some of the words from the vocabulary of this course and use it in a simple Korean sentence. I am confident that I may be able to create sentences when in a basic Korean conversation with my co-students. I hope Yonsei will provide more courses like this to help us to develop more.
FSK was well designed with clear explanation and relevant examples. This course is good for beginners, to those who are new to Korean and only know some Korean words though its dramas or musics. I hope to see the Second Step Korean course (or higher courses) from Yonsei in the coming months. Thanks professor and the course team for your hard work in getting this course up and running on Coursera!
Thank you Coursera and Yonsei University for putting this First Step Korean lessons together.  The lessons were easy to understand and complete.  It helped me to better understand the vocabulary, sentence structure and pronunciation.   Thank you so much for Professor Kang who worked hard to explain each lesson.  I really appreciate everyone's hard work to present such an amazing On Line class.
It really is clear and very helpful for first-time Korean learner as it gives the basic of Korean language and gives a foundation in understanding the language. Classes are clear, we get all parts needed in studying a language. Reading, Speaking, Listening, and also Writing (by practicing ourselves using the review session). I look forward to more advanced classes and is excited to take them!
At first I cannot make sense at all how to read the Korean letters. It seems like Kanji. But, after I take this course, I find that Hangul is much simpler than I thought, it is not like Kanji at all. In fact, reading it just like reading a Romanian alphabet with combination of vowel and consonants. Thank you so much Professor Seung Hae Kang for developing such a good course with good videos!
Very nice course. The big problem is the time your servers take to provide de video. I am in a 2Mbps internet line (FTTH) and it takes 10 min to open. After that lot of spikes in transmission, which become very dificult to follow the teacher. But your course survey was fast, which make me think it is not same provider infrastructure. But anyway, i am still on the first section and i like it.
i studied your course from Thailand. So this course is so so good for the beginner like me. It easy to understand, have a picture and some detail of the lesson in the video to explain more things. Thank you so much to Ms.Seung Hae Kang and the team who handle and prepare all the things about this course. I will keep learning about Korean language. However, Thank you so much again. 감사합니다!!
I have learned a lot. I gained much confidence in speaking and making simple sentences that I can use in interacting with my Korean friends and other Korean language learners. The modules are well-organized especially the way Professor Seung Hae Kang explained each lesson made it easy to learn and understand. Thank you so much Professor for the wonderful learning experience you taught us.
the lessons are designed well for a beginner. It build up my confidence to recognize the Korean alphabets  through the dialogs. Meanwhile, repeating the form of the sentences get used to speak Korean for learners. Daily life conversations sometimes matched with Korean dramas I watched. With clear and slower speaking speed I can understand the sentence easily. I like this course very much.
Those 2.5 weeks passed by so quickly and I am more than satisfied with the results. First lessons were very welcoming, therefore easy to follow. I did not have any knowledge of Korean at the beginning, but now I am considering to look up for some more courses and materials. I really got used to the lady in the videos, and both her English and Korean speech were comprehensible. Thank you!
It is a really well organized course, I really enjoyed it, I know Japanese and ,definitely, that helped me to understand better. I should say I will need to practice more to reinforce, mostly ,  writing,  If you could also add  a section on how to write Korean in pc would be great! Thank you very much, (I can't write in Korean because I don't have Koren keyboard added yet)  ¡Gracias! ;)
This is a great introduction to the Korean language for beginners! Speaking, reading, and writing are equally stressed and Professor Seung Hae Kang delivers her lectures in a very clear and organized style that is easy to follow. I would highly recommend taking this course if you're at all interested in Korean because it really helps set the basic foundations for learning the language.
This course is excellent for beginners interested in Korean Language. The course teaches in a clear and concise manner. It relies on the student to take extra time working on pronunciation outside of the "study time" suggested by the course. Withing the first two weeks i was able to read korean words with fairly high accuracy! thank you First Step Korea for making such a great program!
A great approach to learning korean if you already know the basics of Hangul. Eventhough the vocabulary is not presented in a specific order, or at least it could be better suited for each week's lessons, it is very useful. I assume this course would be a better help to foreigners already living in Korea, rather than students trying to learn korean abroad. Overall, a great experience!
I really liked the course and it gave me a lot more motivation to continue studying Korean on my own! Also, it helped me overcome the initial doubt of “I can’t do it” because studying a new language can sometimes be overwhelming so I would definitely recommend this course to people thinking of studying Korean! Professor Kang nicely explained everything and her lectures weren’t boring
Incredible course. The pace is perfect and Kang선생님 is an intuitive, thorough instructor. Starting with no experience in Korean language I feel that I have a great beginner's knowledge now and am ecstatic to pursue it past this course. I wish there was a followup, I would take another class with Kang선생님 in a heartbeat. If you're interested in Korean, even with absolutely no background
it is very good for the Korean language beginner. the teacher not only tells us the right pronunciation but also shows the rule of  pronunciation. you can find it very easy to learn Korean language if you know the rule or the grammar of the Korean. BTW, it will be better that the course's content can include the difference between the formal Korean language and the informal language.
Thank you, Mrs. Seung Hae Kang for the thorough explanation! Her explanation is pretty easy to understand for a beginner like me. I recommend you who wants to learn Korean to enroll in this course since it's very helpful. I learn from zero where I have no idea how to read or write hangeul and to finally finished the course with so many insights and knowledge about Korean. 고맙습니다 선생님!
Excellent course that is helping me a lot to learn korean on the correct way.I'm really happy to have a chance of making a course from Yonsei University. I'm just bit sad that i cant pay for the certificate and maybe help them to develop more courses but as soon thaat i get a job, i will surely buy it :)Recommend that course to everyone who wants  to have a good first step in korean
This course was very informative and useful, through allowing students to learn by practicing their reading, writing, listening, and speaking skills! I really enjoyed how each lesson introduced new vocabulary and cultural insights as well! This course is very well-rounded, and I believe that is what ultimately makes it engaging and something students look forward to keep studying!
I've been learning Hanguel from various online sources but the way it's being taught here on Coursera through Yonsei University is very refreshing, engaging and easy to understand. Thankyou to Professor Kang Seung Hae for the lectures, it felt like I'm attending real classes. I hope Yonsei University comes out with more such courses at Advance Levels. Thankyou, great work Coursera
Had a really interesting learning experience with the course and the instructor seung hae kang, And i feel that a pattern should be designed to remember the verbs, nouns and vocubulary.  i genuinely thank the Yonsei University and Coursera for making this possible for us. Looking forward to coursera and the university to continue making the other levels of this course accessible.
This course really good for who begin to study Korean starting from basic in Korean to can speak normal conversation such as How to talk about  youeself and your family, Times and Date when you say to someone for make appoinment, Number in Korean and how to use in the each situations, Grammar in basic and Pronunciation likes Korean people speak this course really good I recommend
It was one of a nice classes that I've ever learned before. This is my first class Korean but I think it is a great starting with Yonsei University. Thank you "Seung Hae Kang" teacher you made this class full of happiness and everything you taught it's easy to understand even I am Thai people but I understood your description. I'm so thankful for free class by Yonsei University.
I just want to say 고맙습니다 you helped me A LOT with this course when I started I didn't knew anything and my pronnuntiation was very bad, thank you for giving me the oportunity to learn this beautiful language (nobody teaches korean in my city) and I have a lot of grateful things to say, keep teaching korean to foreign people and keep spreading this beautiful culture to the world.
Terrific introductory course to Korean, where one immediately learns 1) the Korean alphabet, 2) greetings and introductions,  3) numbers, 4) how to talk about one's family, 5) time and dates, and 6) casual conversations. I highly recommend it as video lectures are very effective, followed by practise exercises and quizzes, which permit the student to measure his/her progress.
I absolutely loved and enjoyed this course. I learned not only the basics of the language as well as Hangul but a bit of the culture behind the language and why certain things are said the way that they are, which was really interesting for me. This course is amazing for beginners, thank you to Professor Seung Hae Kang and her team, and thank you to Yonsei University, 감사합니다.
The entire course was excellently composed and presented. This course is quite helpful for the beginners as Professor Kang guides you through the entire course, with detailed explanation and dedication. There are also PDF files in the reading section which you can refer to later. I enjoyed learning the course, thank you for that Professor Kang and Yonsei University! 감사합니다!!!
I think this course is perfect for those who don't know where to begin. I knew most of the vocabulary and grammar. So, this was more of a review to me and it reinforced what I already knew. Overall, I think this course is perfect for those who don't know where to begin. This helps a lot with getting down some of the basic everyday conversations, which is great for beginners!
Even though i knew most of the information from week 1&2. It was still very helpful and i realize a lot of things i didn't realize earlier, when i was teaching myself korean for example :남동생  =  남자 - 자  + 동생여동생  =  여자 - 자  + 동생I had just realized that Korean is great language that's easy and amazingly structured.Thank you very much for this course I will be happy to continue
A very comprehensive and structured course to learn about Korean for elementary/basic learners. I started with ZERO knowledge about the Korean language but now I know how to read! In just a mere 5 weeks course (which I managed to clear in 3 weeks). Would recommend anyone who is interested to learn about the Korean language to start from this course to grasp a good base. :)
I THOROUGHLY ENJOYED MS 강'S LECTURES AND I LEARNT QUITE A LOT. I FEEL OBLIGED TO HER AS SHE HAS HELPED ME SORT OUT A FEW THINGS I THOUGHT I KNEW BUT ACTUALLY DIDN'T.I HAVE TO SAY THOUGH THAT THIS COURSE MIGHT NOT BE THAT EASY FOR AN ABSOLUTE BEGINNER AS THE KOREAN PRONUNCIATION IS TRICKY. I FOUND IT A BIT DIFFICULT MYSELF THOUGH I'M NOT AN ABSOLUTE BEGINNER. THANK YOU!!!
It was fun and useful at the same time.. thank you for the wonderful lessons I wanted to ask if you could send me a document proving that I learned this language ?!!If this is possible, how can I request it ? (should I send any document to you)
And in the end, as soon as I studied in Coursera, I could write in my diatribe that I can speak Korean?Please respond quickly .
Really informative and detailed! It's a great step for beginners and it's amazing for review. I highly recommend it for anyone just beginning with the Korean language. It's not a difficult or easy course, it does require one to study quite a bit and do some research on the language. The PDF's are great to download and review as you keep practicing throughout the course.
This course is great for those who either know little to none of Korean.  I have learned much more through this course than I have in the last year of self-teaching.  This course offers worksheets to assist you in learning how to structure sentences.  I suggest printing out the worksheets ahead of the video for each unit so you can follow and makes notes along the way.
In the Introduction of this course, though I have yet to finish it (as I have only completed the Basic Vowels lesson), I have already learned so much just from the beginning. I am thankful for the free trial that the university has given and will hope to be able to support this course when time and effort enables me to. It is highly recommended and a good start for me.
This course was very helpful.Thanks for making it available.The learning process was easy and simple.If someone is interested in Korean i would highly recommend it.The teacher that teach the class very graciously guided through the whole thing.                                                                                                                       -고맙습니다
The content is very good. With both basic knowledge of Korean such as letters, vowels, numbers, and sentence usage in a variety of situations.English used in teaching is easy to understand. Also, they have subtitles as well, I think it can help people who are not good at English to understand the lessons more easily.Overall, I received many benefits from this course.
I, myself, was once clueless and would go blank whenever i'd hear a Korean person speak. Thanks to this course, i have learned to much to the point in which I am able to quite get a basic understanding of what the conversation is about and I am able to hold a conversation. If you apply yourself well and want to devote yourself into learning Korean, you will succeed.
This was a great introductory course to the Korean language. I've self-studied Korean before, but always struggled with pronunciation, this course is great for getting pronunciation correct. The units will get you into everyday conversation which is easy to use and practice! By the end I find myself reading, writing, and listening to Korean much better. Thank you!
for me this module really help. I think it does cover the basic that you need in order to learn basic korean words starting from the alphabet or hangeul. There's a lot of time i struggle with the pronunciation. In the future, i think it would be better if there's a guide in written in alphabet as to how to properly pronounce the words. Over all I enjoyed learning
this course that make me to learning during this summer so i had gotten the new vocabularies absolutely i will remember it after this classand very thanks to SeungHae Kang Seonbaenim to teach to learnners so i really like it because i'm enjoying this class so much & let me know Korean's Cultures more and more finally i hope i learn Korean with Yonsei again!!! ^^
It needs a lot of hard work by yourself to remember the vocabulary but totally worth it! There are many things I don't understand studying Korean by myself but with the help of the instructor, Ms. Kang, and all the mentors, I get better every week. This is really fun! Thank you for such a good course and all the people involved who made this course possible! :D
The course is a very good intro to the Korean language. It is packed with information and I often needed to spend extra time to master the lessons especially when it came to the native and sino number systems. The course materials were very helpful and I enjoyed Professor Kang's presentation of the materials. Thank you to Seung Hae Kang and Yonsei University.
Thank you a lot for allow me be part as one of your students in this First Step Korean,  i've never thougth that I'd learn Korean .... but thanks to you, it was possible... nothing more to say, i'll keep studying all the lessons you gave me, grammar,pronunciation, vocabulary, practice and pranctice it's all I need to speak fluently the Korean Language. 감사합니다
Perfect course for beginner learners, while still providing a lot of interesting information not touched on by other apps or courses, such as differences in pronunciation in certain situations/how syllables change the sound of those around them, and some of the origins of the writing system etc.Ms Kang is a great teacher and makes the course very enjoyable.
I recommend this course for all who want to learn the language.It is well organized.Easy to follow.Contains important topics which u need for your daily life in Korea.You won't loose your time.On the other side, the quizzes, I think, are too short or too easy. It would also be perfect, if we are able to record our own sentences or write it and get feedback.
I like how the teacher explaining every topic in a simple way, well- although it's the basic. But it makes easier to understand even for a beginner who just start to learn. Because language can be hard if the person who explains it is using high word, and without notice create an invisible barrier. I learned so much from this course, thank you very much :D
I loved this course so much I'm so glad I took it. The videos and practice sections within them are perfect for learning. The quizzes are also very helpful to determine how much one has retained and the lecturer made this course very interesting. I did not feel like this was an online course at all, it felt like a proper lecture in university. Thank you.
This course was super comprehensive and easy to follow. It teaches you not only basic language skills but Korean culture as well. The examples and dialogues are practical, and you can use them in day to day conversation. The lecturer was also very good, and helped make the learning experience even more enjoyable. Thank you for making this amazing course!
This is a great beginner's course for Korean learners. I liked the introduction video for each lesson, then a pdf of the notes is provided so you can review and study, finally you take a quiz to see if you have learned the material. I really enjoyed this course, and it gradually challenged me more and more. I will be returning to it to review and study.
This was a really good course! I thoroughly enjoyed it. The only feedback that I have is to introduce vocabulary before using them in the practice conversations. Otherwise, really informative. I truly recommend this to anyone who wants to learn more in dept about the alphabet system, new vocabularies, time, sentence structures, counting, time, and more!
Annyeong Haseyo, I loved the class, although I found it a bit challenging, but I know that with practice I will get better. I will continue on the journey to be able to speak and understand the  Korean language. Many thank you to Prof. Seung Hae Kang for all her hard work so that I could learn the basics. I look forward to leaning more. Gamsahamnida
Wonderful course! This class really helps you grasp the basics of Hangul and teaches several phrases and a little bit of grammar. I definitely recommended this class for anyone who wants to start learning to speak and read Korean. I will be signing up for the next course and continuing my Korean education! Thank you for offering such a great course!
I really loved how everything was divided into sections and explained one at a time. Also, the pace is quite slow so you, as a beginner, can follow easily.  For visual learners  there are images which help you memorize faster and the listening part in the quizzes it's really clear. Thank you so much for this course, I really learned so many things!
The course content was very structed and easy to follow, both visually with the format of the videos and readings and the content itself. It's always difficult to learn a language, and the layout of the course and the way the instructor spoke made everything easy to follow, and the more complicated aspects of the course were really well explained!
I am grateful to Coursera  for giving me the opportunity to learn Korean language.Learning Korean was so much fun that I've finished my course very fast.Now I can understand basic Korean words and phrase.Thank you Professor Seung Hae Kang for teaching us so nicely with patience.I want to say thanks to Yonsei University  for providing your support.
Great for total beginners or those who have little knowledge (or confidence) in korean. If you already have an understanding of basic korean, like myself, then you may find it slightly easier than others. Short lectures but very informative. Forums are very helpful! You learn very useful basic words/phrases. Makes the grammar easier to understand.
This was my first time taking an online language course and I loved it! Thank you so much Professor Seung Hae Kang for teaching this course and thank you for the material you offered me so I could study and use it for my quizzes. I really enjoyed learning a different language than the ones I already speak and I am excited to learn more Korean! 💜
I wish there was a part 2 of this course. I learned so much that I want to keep going. This course takes you from a very beginner to having a very decent grasp and understanding of the language and how to use it. From all the super expensive Korean courses I have taken, this one is the most concise to get you speaking faster. I highly recommend!!
Well structured and organised. I didn't feel like I needed any other resources or background knowledge to finish this course. I'm actually quite surprise of how much I learned in only a couple of weeks of these short lessons. I only wish there were more exercises to practice with, but overal very happy with the course. Would definitely recommend!
The course content is properly divided into modules and the lectures and notes are very helpful in understanding core concepts.The discussion forums were active and the moderators helped us whenever we were stuck.It was an awesome experience and I had a lot of fun learning this new language.Professor Kang was an awesome teacher. Thankyou so much
Definitely interesting course. Got so much knowledge about Korean Hangeul and culture as well, especially for me as beginner to Korean language. The materials delivered clearly though the presenter quite seemed not interesting, but it doesn't really matter. This course is totally recommended! Thank you Mrs. Seung Hae Kang and Yonsei University!
I totally loved this entire course! I got to learn the basics thoroughly and can now make sentences as well. The pattern of this course is very interesting which will make one to learn more and more. Heartfelt thanks to Coursera, Yonsei University, and Professor Seung Hae Kang for this opportunity. Wishing you all lots of happiness and success!
Fist of all I want to thank my Instructor for teaching me everything...It is very helpful to me and I really enjoy learning with this.I learned so many things and I guess when I will go to Korea I can speak some Korean words and communicate some Korean friend of mine using the knowledge that I learned through this course...Thank you very much.
I took a Korean lesson for beginners a few years ago. I think this course is a good way to refresh my memory rather than going through the books. There are some things that aren't taught where I took the lesson years ago but I get them here. You don't even need a subtitle to understand what the teacher said. A good place to study basic Korean.
The course is really amazing for now! Professor Seung Hae Kang explains everything in a great order. She guides me through every lesson with detailed explanation and dedication, it helps me a lot on learning Korean. This is a very good recomendation to learn Korean for beginners. Thank you for Proffesor Seung Hae Kang and Yonsei University!
This course is great! I am fond of watching Korean dramas and and this made me appreciate the language more. My only knowledge before taking this course are a few words that were frequently spoken in dramas but after finishing this, I can now read Hangeul. This is a very good beginner's course for those who want to explore other languages.
The syllabus is very well planned, with adequate examples to illustrate and extensive vocabulary for practice. The graded quizzes are also of suitable difficulty levels. I am very happy to be able to learn the basics of the Korean Language from this course and would definitely recommend it to people who have no knowledge of the language.
Mrs Kang explanation is so clear. i can understand all the things she say in the video. So that i can learn reading, writing, listening and speaking korean language easily. so much helpful to improve my language ability and i am able to speak hanguk and write hangeul. thank you very much mrs.Kang and also coursera to provide this course!
This course is very useful for people who want to learn Korean language from the basic one. Professor is nice.  In each lesson professor will explain everything clearly that make student can easily understanding. For quiz it quite simple as well, so if student pay attention with the lesson, student will be able to pass the quiz easily.
excellent course, well explained in a fun and precise way, nice to use foreigners for the videos, but only white people, why not have some dark people too? the mandarin translation is good, But it would help Chinese speakers to have the Chinese original translation of the vocabulary  ex: 清掃 =청소will there be a second level course? 고맙습니다
I had learned so much. The teacher's lectures were a big help for me to learn Korean. It was really a step by step. The lectures were slowly but surely. You will know where it started. I do reccommend this class for my fellow non-korean beginners to enter this class to learn where korean languange and characters came from. Thank you!
Love this course!! So glad I found this resource and got to learn it for free on Coursera. Definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to learn basic Korean. This course teaches you the basics, and make sure you knows the basic rules of Hangeul. Quizes are easy if you learn and take note diligently. An excellent basic-level course.
Thank you to Yonsei university for offering this course on coursera and to the teachers who created, i thought it was going to be more difficult to understand it 'cause is a completely different language than mine but is really good structured that made my learning easier, I enjoyed a lot and was pleased to take it, I'd recommend it.
Very good course. I've been trying to learn Korean, on and off, for a few years now and this course has been the only method that I can say has worked for me. So many important rules and basics are presented in this course, that other programmes I did lacked. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to learn Korean from scratch! 5 stars!
I learned too much in this course and solved some doubts, I'm excited so I'll take more Korean courses on this platform, the only thing I would like to suggest, is that the lessons have subtitles in Spanish since not all of them contained it, I'm Mexican and I speak Spanish so it got a bit complicated. That's all, thank you very much
This course gives me the opportunity to learn the basics in korean language and so easy to understand. I now have better understanding of the korean sentence structure. I learn a lot of vocabularies and how to use them in sentences. All I need is to practice them to make a conversation. This course is very recommended for beginners.
This was an excellent course. I have done the Korean basic course in person as well and was doing this one line course as a refresher. I must say that the online course was as good, if not better that the course in the classroom. The teacher was superb. Am now looking forward to seeing a Course for the next level of Korean learning.
I've never known anything about Korean (language), but this course helps me a lot! The instructor teaches slowly and understandably — proper for those who have no background knowledge at all. Quizzes and readings also help me when reviewing for the lessons. The schedule and tasks keep me on track for effective learning outcomes. :)
It's easy to learns for beginner. Everything is clear, I have no question for any lesson. I only have to practice more for more fluency at speaking. The most important part is it's really help me to correct my gramma because Korean Gramma is really tough for me. Teacher voice and accent is also clear and easy to understand. 고맙습니다!
I feel that Teacher Kang is really good with visual aids. I love how varied the tests are! I can feel the different parts of my mind lighting up with information because of the wide variety of questions. She seems kind and very passionate about her work. Because of this course, I started looking into Yonsei University. 감사합니다, 성생님!
Although I have tried different means to study Korean, I found this course is the most suitable for me since the teacher was so devoted, her pronunciation and expression was amazing and the content was easy to follow, covered all of the basic knowledge for beginners like me. Thanks a lot for providing such a useful course. 고마워요!
At firts I would to joy first step korean, It has improving my basic korean language level. I've learnt greeting in korean, as well a lot vocabulary and grammer. For sure it will be a long road to take an advance on it cause korean is a rough language yet Im inspiring with their cultura and focused to live there in the future.
This is help me to improve my korean language. Usually, I learn korean by myself because there's no korean teacher in my region, and if I want to take korean course, I have to go across province. So, I rather learn by myself. This kind of lessons help people like me to learn about korean by online. Thank you Yonsei University
Well structured and paced. It provided a good introduction to the Hangul alphabet and plenty of practice in reading and pronouncing the letters and words. Some of the review dialogue fill-in-the-blanks were difficult but still doable and help to put the concepts together. It is a very good first ever class on Korean language.
This was a great intro course to Hangul. I speak a little Korean but have always wanted to learn how to read and write. Having focused and guided lessons really helped me learn the alphabet and how to write words better than any app has done for me so far. I'm really happy with the course and can't wait to continue learning!
The course starts from absolutely nothing and manages to teach its students all the basics necessary for a stable foundation in Korean. The videos are easy to understand and the culture facts important and interesting. Since the course introduces dialogue from lesson 1, it doesn't get boring or dry. Recommended for everyone!
This is a great course that is systematic and clear. I really like the grammar explanations. There is a need to practice the language in each part but it is great for building knowledge and understanding of how sentences are put together. I found my listening skills really improved the most and I am understanding a lot more.
This too difficult but I really thanks my patient and teacher who was asking me to practice by myself. Although, it was only short program for the beginner like me who didn't have the fundamental of Korean language, I got a lot of the basic to the daily life vocabularies and conversations. I really appreciate it <3  정멀감사합니다.
This course is a great way to get started in Korean .  It has enough depth as to be interesting and practical, yet not overwhelming to someone who is beginning.  I have taken a beginning Korean course in a classroom with a native-speaking instructor but, as I would have expected from Yonsei, this course is a much better fit.
It was really well explained! With this course you get to know the basics of Korean language like the  alpahabet, how to conjugate verbs, ask and write simple but useful sentences (like asking for the time), and there are pdf's with the review of each lesson! . I believe it is a good start to learn the language! Thank you!!
It was my first time studying KOREAN and I'm glad that I decided to do it. The course is very systematic and easy to learn. I learned a lot and now I am going to use this course to further enhance my skills and understanding about the language. Also, the whole lecture series is clear and concise and I love how Ms 강해승 teach.
Hello, I first started on my own learning the grammar and then took this course, It made me understand that I was lacking of pronunciation and the basis of history, this really helped me a lot more!You were supposed to finish this within 5 weeks but i finised it in 4 days, so.. if you are truly into it, you can do it! 화이팅!
I enjoyed this course! I finished it after coming back for the second time (I didn't have time) and the videos were very helpful to explain the language. The exercises were in my opinion the best part since I had to put into practice and think about what I learned. I think is a complete course as a basic level. Thank you!
I really enjoyed this course! Before I started, I just wasn't able to understand the structure of the sentences I was reading. During the 5 weeks, that I followed this course I learned how to make sentences and how to pronounce many different words. I also really appreciated the clear examples used to clarify the matter!
Excelent course and even more excellent instructor. The course includes a lot of vocabulary and practice to get familiar with it.The classes advance at a steady peace. It's never overwhelming and yet teaches you a lot.I recommend going back on your notes after the final week :) . The syllabus is amazingly well structured
The course covers most of the very basic things  needed to  know  and learn  of Korean language.The professor is good and always gives learners a little things that are good to understand the language further.I recommend anyone who want to learn Korean language to start from this course.Amnuaysak ThoonsiriApril 15, 2020.
I really enjoyed the learning process, the videos are well organized, i learned more new things in a more efficient way, since i used to learn korean alone but with this course was better since it give you a structure to follow. I highly recommend anyone who is considering to start learning First Step Korean to do it !!
I enjoyed this lesson. But I'd need to practice on my own more. I think that the handout should include wording in English so that it is more understandable. I find myself using Google translate a lot, just to listen to the pronunciation. Then again, I need to practice more. Thank you so much for this wonderful course.
Very clear explaining and teaching method. The flow of the topics is indeed nicely laid. I suggest making the quizzes a bit more harder and more complex to fully enhance the learning experience. I will definitely introduce this course to my friends as this is a really informative starter pack for basic Korean language.
Thank you very much for guidance in this study. I am very happy to be able to learn a foreign language. While studying, I realized that it was very difficult to learn Korean. But I am happy because I was given the opportunity to learn from the basics. Now I started practicing it with my friends. Once again, thank you.
It is an amazing course for beginners. The lessons are really organized and easy to understand, they give you a step by step course in which the only thing you need to offer is willingness to learn. I learned a lot and now I am even more interested in learning more about their history and culture. Thank you so much.
Thanks to this course I was able to get a structure to my messy Korean learning. I've been picking up information for a few years but I've never been able to properly learn it with an order. I already knew some things which is why it was easier to get through the course but I'd say this was worth spending time on :)
I really enjoyed this Introduction to the Korean Language, I tried taking Korean at school but somehow I didn't learn much at all, but Professor Kang does an amazing job explaining the methods in away that doesn't lose you as a beginner! I really would recommend anyone who's interested in Korean to take this course!
I'm so glad i found this!! it really taught me a lot and i love the instructor. My advice is to definitely take notes and in this course it doesn't teach you too much on subject particles and final consonants, so I went to youtube and learned them fine. I would totally recommend this course, best of luck beginners!
I'm enjoying this course and the professor is so good at teaching, especially the pronunciation of words or sentences. I really love it! Thank you Yonsei University for giving us this opportunity to learn your language. It's so helpful for us, beginners (I'm a K-pop fan), who wants travel and explore your country.
Love it so much, it's so helpful. I truly love it, and I'm so thankful that this is available to me. It helped me learn so much, and about Korean culture and not just the language. Its also very nice having a person in front of you speaking. It gives me a schedule, which helps me stick to it. I recommend 10/10 !!!
The modules were well organized and delivered. From an actual communication sample, to pronunciation, to vocabularies, and to exercises-- a solid foundation for learning Hangul is established. I am grateful for having this course and I highly recommend it for those with similar interest of learning Hangul basics.
The course was very helpful. The teacher Seung Hae Kang is a very good teacher who knows how to teach everything step by step. I learnt the basics and a lot of vocabulary of the Korean language in a couple of weeks which was really quick, and this all happened because of this detailed course. Thank you coursera.
I loved First Step Korean! At first I thought I was going to struggle with the absence of romanization, however after mastering hangul I did not struggle at all. Thank you Professor Kang! This was the perfect introduction into the Korean language and I can't wait to continue my Korean language learning journey!
The breakdown of the course made it really easy to follow and pick up the lessons, especially at the beginning. I couldn't believe that I had been watching Korean movies and dramas for years but hadn't been able to pick up on how to read Hangul but within two weeks of this course, I could easily read sentences.
I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed this course. It was broken down into such simple chunks that it is easier to digest than most other sites or programs that I have tried to learn Korean through. I would highly suggest to take this course if you want a good mechanism to study this language from!!Very pleased!
I highly recommend this course for beginners, and for those who are starting out with the basics of Korean. Even though I already knew hangul, the details in the course gave me a better understanding of how the sounds were made. There is so much this one course did for me in the short time that I completed it.
Easy to follow course that teaches important skills. I feel quite confident in the skills I have learnt and hope to continue learning Korean. My only criticism is  the three way conversation tasks in the first few weeks is slightly confusing, but it is explained well and the conversations are realistic enough.
hi. my name is nurin from malaysia. this courses is really help me improve my level. i never take any classes before and i am learning from tv like dramas, variety shows, songs. its is my first time taking lesson and it is good. thank you for this opportunity. i am really happy to be able joining this lesson.
Dynamic and efficent way to learn the first steps to korean language and to improve your basic korean skills such as reading, writing, listening and speaking. 
It'll help you learn basic expressions used in everyday life throught dialogues and role-plays, evaluating your pronunciation, vocabulary and grammar.
It was really informative, we could learn from many topics and I really enjoyed how short but well-made were every unit! I feel I learnt a lot and I know Korean much better after completing this course! Thank you so much for such an amazing opportunity, I will practise hard to speak Korean even more fluently!
It's very easy for the students who already have some basic concept of Hangul, it's just like review. But it's also easy for very beginner to learn. It's clear to know what it is different from the pronunciation even the professor didn't mention deeply about it. It's worthy to take time to learn the Hangul!!
It's a very organized and practical course. I can see why this course is classical and popular for Korean zero level learners. The grammar content is quite clear and essential. I even make some my own summaries from every lesson (maybe because Korean is somehow similar to Japanese and I know a bit Japanese~)
Even if you know some korean this class is a great refresher course along with a great way to further your korean and really learn and understand why certain words are the way they are. This buids a great foundation for furthering the learning of korean language and making learning and studying much easier.
Excellent course to start learning Korean from the very basics!I really recommend it, all the lessons are understandable and the exercises are helpful, of course you need to keep practicing by your own, but this course gives you enough tools to do it~ I'll take the other course given by Yonsei Univertisty~
It's a very well laid out course, covering the basics of self introduction, introducing your family, telling time/place, and what you're doing. All useful vocabulary and grammar structure for basic conversations.Highly recommend to anyone who is starting out with Korean -- I learned a lot from this course!
This is a superb course. It goes through the basics quickly and really helps develop a grasp pf Hangul and basic grammatical forms. It is not very difficult nor too easy. In fact, a lot of practice is needed to absorb everything introduced in the course. . It would be great to have more modules like this.
I enjoyed taking this course . I've learned so much during these past five weeks.  I really like how the lessons are broken down into short sections as well as the video. The app makes it convenient and easy for me to learn where ever I go on my phone. I highly recommend this course and website to others.
Learned a lot through this course! It will teach you the basics so that you can learn the Korean language easier. It is very helpful when it comes to practicing pronunciation and writing. Practice worksheets are also very helpful. Vocabulary and conversations taught can be used for everyday conversation.
Before I join this courses, I just learned some words and basic expressions from korean tv shows and dramas and songs. Now I can know the basic expression in Korean, especially the ones that related to numbers, times, and activities. Big thanks to Yonsei University and Coursera for providing this course.
I really love this course! Perfect for a beginner like me. Thank you so much Professor Kang for your excellent work. I know how to read hangul before I join this course but it is not enough for me. Now I have expand more on my vocabulary and word structures after finished all of it in less than 2 weeks.
It was an easy and fun way to learn Korean. Professor Seung Hae Kang made this class interesting and incredibly easy to follow and understand. I will highly recommend this to anyone who wants to start learning Korean as this teaches you the fundamentals to have a normal, basic conversation with someone.
Great for introduction to new information and revision on what I have already learned prior to the course. Well planned out, the text narrative for videos is really helpful, but not all were translated as Korean text. The addition of Korean text for the conversations along with English would be useful.
Well-paced course. You're thrown in headfirst into grammar and sentence making. Of course, it is expected to take time on your own to learn Hangul, which I feel is best to get a grip on before starting. This course is perfect to build a solid foundation and I hope to continue learning Korean on my own.
This is a very useful course with a complete base for a very beginner like me. This course coveres all the basic topics that you need to start making a conversation with more than a simple guide, I mean, ir has it but it goes beyond expected and that's what it makes it very useful. I'm really thankful.
This course has a lot of great information for both language and cultural insight. This class has helped me to learn to introduce myself and my family; something I wasn't able to do from learning on my own. Definitely a great start for those you are trying to learn Korean and don't know where to start!
This course is easy to learn and understand. As I've already learned the Korean language, this course seems so easy. But I hope that there should be a practice session for vocabulary along with the quizzes on grammar. I think that there should be more questions in the quizzes. Thank you for the course.
i loved everything, the time you took to do this, the effort, and patience, i'd really want to lean more if i got the chance, go to korea sometime and see the daily life with my own eyes, i'm really thankfull for the opportunity to study with a great teacher like Seung Hae Kang, thanks again, Alejandro
Very helpful! However, may I give a suggestion regarding the vocabulary part? I personally think it would be better if there is one lecture note that contains only the vocabularies used (with illustrations for visual memory). I believe it would be helpful in memorization and familiarization. 정말 감사합니다!
This is a great course! Definitely pick this course if you want to learn Korean, but you are a total beginner and you don't know where to start. The teaching methods are really good, and I recommend this to everyone beginning to learn Korean. The teacher is so nice, and she makes you feel comfortable.
The instructor for the course made the new language so easy and interesting to learn. I attribute my success in finishing this course to my passion for hangul and the teacher. She made the lessons fun and highly effective while being precise and comprehensive. I would take another course with her.👍🏻
The course was extremely helpful in learning the Korean language. The discussions and lessons were brief, concise, and complete which made it easier for learners to understand. What I liked the most was the vocabulary because most of them were unfamiliar to me and it was exciting to learn new words.
The course was easy to follow and the professor gives a lot of good vocabulary to know as well as offering simple and easy to understand breakdowns of how certain sentences are structured. I also liked how she provided help with pronunciation! Really good beginner class to take to know the basics :)
I really like this course.
I have learned and practiced Korean grammar skills.
Speaking, writing and others in this course.
Thank you to teacher Seung Hae Kang for each lesson in detail and easy to understand.
You help me understand Korean better.
And thank you for the free courses and certificates.
As a Korean who moved to the US when I was very little, I had no chance to learn Korean. Although my parents spoke it all the time, I was more comfortable with English. This course helped me understand the basics and allowed me to communicate more freely with my parents. thank You so much!!!!! :D
Prof. Seung Hae Kang really explained every meaning and use of each word. Before, I only use applications in my phone to learn Korean. Thankfully I learned about this course. I am now more eager to learn more about the Korean language. Thank you so much and may you help more people in the future!
Very good! I already learn the basic before actually. But after join this class, i learn a lot since we learn it from a native speaker. Thank you for Professor Kang, i really enjoy your class. Hope you will open the next level so i can learn more about korea, the language and also the culture. :)
It's an amazing experience to learn at Coursera, the professor is calm and tries to explain every little point with a complete curiosity which keeps you engaged in learning. It was really helpful to me and I'm glad my university took this step to help us learn better. This platform is worth it.
Interesting slide content with illustrator and important notes. I love the way of teacher in explaining and elaborating the content. Highly recommend for beginner learner to take this course. You definitely can learn in fun environment. Thank you, Professor Seung Hae Kang and Yonsei University!
I really liked the teaching metod, it is very organised and easy to follow. I was a really nice learning experience and I feel that this course is a great introduction into Korean culture and, of course, language. I recommend it 100% for anyone wanting to start learning this wonderful language.
I've learn korean for 2 years, I need more practice for improve my korean language. So great to know this course specially from my favorit university in korean. Hopefully I can continue my study in there. thank you so much for all the team of "First Step Korean" , this course is help me a lot.
It was really good to start using coursera for improving my korean skills. Hope this course could be able to give a free certificate to those who are willing to learn, and study korean, also to work there but still a poor student in their country Watan from Syria ( second year medical student)
I liked this course a lot!  I just wish that more of the sentences would have had a literal translation so that during a lesson or test you could be able to recall certain vocabulary words.  Often ties during tests I could not figure out which words were which and the proper grammar structure.
I learned a lot about the language. The teaching method is very effective. It's simple and easy. I am able to learn the Korean Language just as I learned my native language,it's that effective. If you have the potential, then Coursera helps you to make it possible completely...in my opinion!!
It's really good, you can really come from knowing nothing to get some good advices and very useful knowledge. Just that it matters a lot how commited you are to learn by yourself with all the tools that you're handed. I liked it a lot, and it was something interesting to do during vacations.
Although I already have some knowledge about the Korean Language, this course was still very helpful since it breaks down the challenging parts such as the pronunciation of words that differ from how they are spelled. The information about the culture was also interesting to learn. Thank you!
Quite a good system of learning the basics of the language within a short period of time though after this course I still don`t get the sentence structure and the main grammar rules. However, this course helped me to understand Hangul which is very important for my feature studies. Thank you!
The course is very useful and the teacher helps us easily understand the materials. Before this course, I tried several learning materials, but this one is really cover the whole basic understanding quickly. I highly recommended this course for anyone who wants to understand Korean language.
It’s easy to follow. Information is in bite sized and doesn’t overwhelm you. The patterns and irregularities in verbs are explained so clearly so that everything makes sense. I really like how the sentences and words are pronounced so clearly so you get a very good sense of how it is spoken.
I can read korean and write it.. I will work hard on my vocabulary to talk with native speaker and speak fluently..the teacher is so good nd the way she teaxh is superb..thanks coursera for making it possible to learn korean during this quarantine time..also big thanks to Yongsei university.
I already knew some about the korean language, but now I can say that I can understand a bit of korean culture and why they are so proud about their language. Although it's hard to get the hang of it, it's really easy once you learn the alphabet and learn the numbers -both systems- by heart.
I finally found a practical Korean course divided into 5 weeks of learning, it’s provided by Yonsei university one of the best Korean universities, and I learned more in these days compared to  years trying to sort out things by myself on the book! It’s really simple and good I recommend it.
I am really thankful to Yonsei University for the chance to learn Korean all the way from Mexico, but even more thankful to our teacher Kang Seunhae for being so clear and detailed at explaining every little aspect of the learning units. I definitely improved my pronunciation thanks to her.
i really liked this course since it was quite short and well explained. spanish is my first language so the spanish subtitles were very helpful along with the englih spoken explanation, i was able to make my english better and learn korean. this was really helpful! thank you for this. :) x!
It was a highly informative course. At the end of the course, understanding and speaking Korean may still be a challenge. But you will somehow be able to begin to use context clues in listening to sentences or people speaking in Korean. The vocabulary given every week has been very helpful.
The teacher should speak a little bit slowly, I don’t mind the english but it’s a different language. Specially, when she is teaching you, vocabulary, the sound of each word in Hangeul so I lost a lot of time trying to get the sound of the word , how it’s written and how I have to write it.
Very rigorous, moves quickly through Hangul and a large amount of grammar and vocabulary.  Pacing is very fast -- expect to review a lot, even if you're good at languages.  If you want a slower pace and more listening practice, start Yonsei's other Korean course after week 1 of this course.
The course was well-structured and held my interest throughout. The practice materials were very helpful too. I wish the tests were more intensive but still it was pretty good for an online language course. Value for money. I highly recommend this to everyone interested in learning Korean.
I loved this course! This course helped me to stay on the pace to complete the course. In additional, the professor was wonderful! She was clear in the videos and the worksheets helped me to retain the information better. I recommend this course to people who want to learn Korean language!
An excellent introduction to the Korean Language! Taught by a native speaker, with added insight into pronunciation and the history of the language. I have been studying Hangugeo for two years, and learned more in this course than I did from all the books, apps, and other lessons combined!
It's been a pleasure to received this course because I can ready hanguel now and with practice in the future can speak it. Thanks for this course and the support that Yonsei University gave to does that likes the idiom and wants to give it all. My greetings from Honduras to South Korea.✌❤
Great course, but I think it progresses a bit fast if you really don't know anything about the hangul writing system. I already knew hangul and could read a few words and expressions before starting. The PDF notes are incredibly clear and helpful. You really get to speak a bit at the end!
I liked it, it is a tool that helped many people to enter this world of this beautiful language. I am IN LOVE with Korean culture, with their language, with everything, I really liked it a lot, I hope you continue to do the continuation of the courses. 진짜 너무 너무 너무 좋아요, 그리고 선생님 너무 감사드리고요!
I'm so glad I did this course! Professor Kang teaches so well, I absolutely loved it. I had tried to learn the alphabet before from youtube but I didn't understand it and this course has laid the basic foundation for me, I'm going to continue to learn korean after this until I master it!
I already started to learn Korean myself, but I wanted to take a course and evaluate my knowledge. The course is very understandable, not too complicated and everything is painted quite understandably. Unhurried training and an excellent teacher. Thank you very much for this opportunity!
For absolute beginners or those who know the alphabet (first unit has hangeul but also great pronunciation and vocabulary to pick up on) is great. You will find here the basics for grammar in terms of sentence structure and use of some postpositions and such. Don't ignore this, its nice.
This course was very meaningful to me, because I have been trying to learn Korean for a while, but couldn't find a good start. This class is perfect for what is offered and the professor is absolutely marvelous. I enjoyed this class and will recommend it to anyone wanted to learn Korean.
Seung Hae Kang is an amazing instructor! She spoke clearly and I understood so much by reviewing the lessons over and over. I have tried other language apps but they cannot compare to learning the basics via this course!! I am looking forward to doing the next course already! Thank you!
I am now able to read, write and even converse in Korean so easily. All the subject matter was explained so well that i was able to complete the course in 5 days. The teacher is comprehensible and easy to understand. I would recommend this to all who have an interest in learning Korean!
I have learned Korean previously, but not in structured way. Although this course is really an introduction, it helps me to recall my study previously and fix some basic sentences required. Hopefully I can speak Korean better soon. Thanks Yonsei Uni and coursera for bring this lecture!
I am very happy that I have finally completed the course. Thanking Respected Professor Kang for explaining each and every topic in details and also thanking other mentors too for being so helpful and supportive. This course have been very much captivating. I really enjoyed this course.
This course has helped me a lot first off by giving me something interesting to do this quarantine and second of all helped me learn a language that I've been wanting to learn for such a long time due to my interest in the country, its culture and a desire to go and seek jobs in Korea.
I would recommend First Step Korean to anyone wishing to know the basics of this fascinating language. Korean is a really cool East Asian language that shares lots of similarities with Japanese, I like how the script is unique and sets it apart from Mandarin and Japanese respectively.
Professor Kang explains really well. This whole introduction is a good step for everyone who wants to learn korean, you will be able to get the basics and evolve from there. For those who doesn't have english as native language like me, I was able to understand things pretty clearly.
Prof. Kang explained each topics well, I like that she explained the syntax of Korean sentence structure and some pragmatics like honorifics too. It's my first Korean language class so I can't say for sure that I can interact in Korean language but I'm excited now I can read Hangeul!
I was looking for a course that let me fully experience a type of presence course. So I'm really happy to been able to take this one. I can slightly read more hangul and some things that i've been learning  helped me more to confidently speak now. I'm beyond happy. Thank you so much.
I am well above this level of Korean but it was a really helpful and useful way to brush up on my Korean. I would recommend this free online course to anyone interested in learning Korean but also those who just want to get some practice in even if you're at a higher level of Korean.
A very profound course.Easy for a beginner with absolutely no prior knowledge in any foreign language to learn,grasp and understand.Meticulously crafted curriculum and a lucid way communication and picturization of words helps one to retain what he/she just learned.Loved the course!
Personally, I found this course extremely helpful and affable. Easy to learn and easy to understand. As a conscientious person, I have always wanted to learn Korean well. I have tried many courses and websites to learn but this one was definitely the most comprehensive one. 5-stars.
I've attempted Korean through a self-study textbook before, but this course is a lot more accessible. Dialogues, vocabulary, pronounciation, the alphabet - all is presented very clearly. Obviously, it really only is an introduction to the language, but as that it is very successful.
This is a great introduction course! I already knew some Korean, but not enough to make conversation. I feel that my conversation and recognition skills improved, as well as my speaking skills. It will be great review for some as well as others who want to know more Korean grammar!
I really enjoyed this course and it provided me with an appropriate foundation. I hope to start the Learn to Speak Korean 1 course soon to supplement my studies. Just one question -are there any further structured resources that could guide me to fluency?Thank you very much! 고맙습니다!
I really liked the course. At times it was hard because Iʻm a visual learner and when I read the script, instead of showing the characters sheʻs saying, Itʻll say [foreign] In the script. I enjoyed learning and will continue on to the next Korean language course they have to offer.
The course was so helpful in starting to learn Korean from zero! The Professor explains everything clearly and with examples, which helps to understand the material much faster. Thank you for this opportunity to learn the language! I will surely continue on with their next course.
Very interesting and efficient way to learn Korean. I had taken a beginners' course on learning Korean before in a classroom setting in a university so I can honestly say that learning online is at par with traditional classroom learning especially with learning foreign languages!
First Step Korean was Really Helpful and Course was taught in  a way exactly how foundation level would taught. I recommend to guys who would like to learn Korean language should pursue first  this and later  proceed further level. Thank you professor Seung and Yonsei University.
I really enjoyed the course as an introduction to Korean language. The course gives a brief look into the basics of the grammar and vocabulary of the language. Also, refer to the course handouts to get a better grasp of what was taught in the lecture videos, I found it useful! (:
The course elucidates the basics of Korean alphabets followed by lucid illustrations and discussions of introductory and day-to-day conversations. The course is deemed to be very helpful to all those trying to take the "first step" in learning the Korean language as it helped me.
Its excellent, howver, the subtitles need a bit of revising. There has been many times where korean symbols or pronunciations has been mixed up with english which can be quite... confusing. Other than that, the English pronunciation is quite great! Thank you for your efforts. :)
The teacher is quite good and her methodology is quite funcional, although I think it could be quite useful to enable recordable voice notes to evaluate pronunciation and maybe organize certain videocalls with other classmates in order for a better comprehension of the language.
Thank you so much, mam, for providing us this opportunity to learn from you. You are an amazing mentor. I really got to learn a lot and could complete the course effectively. I really appreciate the way the course material was provided and that made it super easy to go through.
After starting this course, I didn't know anything about Korean, I literally started form 0, but now I think I'm able to start a conversation with a native Korean, all the videos were very good because they were easy to understand, and every lesson were clear, I'm very thankful
I love this course! This course does not require any prior knowledge in the Korean language and with this course I came from absolute beginner with no textbooks and went to knowledge of basic Korean conversation and knowledge of the rich and pure history of the Korean language.
It was a very complete course, I could really learn about the Korean language and Korean culture. I'm very surprised by myself, too, it's really a challenge to choose Korean as a third language. Thank you very much for letting me be part of this course, I really appreciate it.
Great starter for those that are venturing into the Korean language. They start with the basics that will assist you in any future learning outside of the class. I had prior experience with Korean on a beginner level, this class really helped to understand the language better.
I love the materials/lessons of this course. It is easy to learn and commonly used on a daily basis. The professor is so professional and helpful. Her instructions are clear and easy to understand. This is overall one of the best Korean For Beginners courses I've taken so far.
I think this course will be suit to all beginner student. I spend two or three days a week to study this course. I think it was a little time but this course has cover the thing that you should know. I can understand simple setence and the word for using in daily life. Thanks
This course provides the necessary information about Korean , it's very useful. I really love this course and I have learned a lot and I look forward to learning more. Professor Seung Hae Kang was so kind and dedicated , Thank you for being a remarkable teacher.God bless you.
The class was excellent. I like that I didn't need to get hung up on the romanization crutch and just listen closely to pronunciation. It was a good pace and I could easily go back to review material. The pronunciation spreadsheet was fantastic. I want to keep learning more!
The professor understands and respects that we are doing the course as a second language, so she always takes the time to repeat the vocabulary, sentences, and every example of the lesson. The practice of the material is the key to do well. I can't wait to take more classes!
I love the course <3 .It's fun, easy and suitable for beginner.Everything was well explained & I really 
enjoyed the content. The practice exercises help understanding the 
lesson better.It'll help more if the romanization available.I'd like if there is level 2 course. 감사합니다
Very informative and easy to understand. The lessons were broken down into manageable sections which were easy to complete on time. It was nice having a Korean speaker so that I could hear the sounds as opposed to just reading what I thought they were supposed to sound like.
I learned how to read, write and talk in korean. I can ask and answer basic questions and i know that with this and more practice i can be fluent in korean. This will aid me if i got lost in my next travel, if i meet someone new or if i need something. Thank you teacher!!!!
This is a very helpful course for learning basic Korean language. The simple conversation parts on the start of every lesson were very useful and the Review segments to culminate each week's lesson were also beneficial. I'm looking forward in learning more of this language!
This is a good course for people who wants to learn the basics of Korean language. Seonsaengnim is really good in explaining everything. I have learned a lot and remembered everything that was taught. I hope you'll offer more financial aid for your Korean language courses.
This course is very helpful for the beginners  who want to learn Korean.It covers from the vowels and consonants to reading and writing basics and basic conversation that one might need to survive in Korea loved the course and would definitely recommend it to the beginners
I really enjoyed the course! The teacher was very detailed and through in her explanations so I was able to grasp the material of every lesson with more precision. The transcript at the bottom of each video was also helpful as were the handouts that came with every lesson.
I really liked the format of this course and how they gave you multiple practices in the videos to enhance your learning. I also liked how they brought back some concepts from previous lessons to later ones so that you do not forget the most important structures in Korean.
Thank you very much Professor Seung Hae Kang, I have never thought that learning Korean language can be so simple and effective. I really like how you explain , especially when you connect origin of some words with chinese characters, explaining their history. Thank you!
this course really helpful to the ones who are willing to learn korean and this makes the basic really well. I'm really thankful to instructor seung hae kai and I appreciate cousera because of this great opportunity. This is an amazing course. truthfully,student thyasha.
A.P Seung Hae Kang teaching was superb! Would definitely recommend taking this module! It would be good to add more content e.g. how to count ages in Korean and have the pronunciations of the korean words together with the korean characters in this module too! Thank you!
I´ve always wanted to learn korean and this course was very, very helpful! Professor Kang Seung Hae explains everything very well and the lessons are easy to understand. I´m now able to read/ write and understand hangeul because of this magnific course. 감사합니다 강승혜 선생님 !!!
This is an incredible course. The professor explains very well each module. You learn not only the way korean is written/spoken but also you get some background on why it is that way. The way it’s explained makes it easy and fun to learn. I’ve definitely learned a lot 👏
I absolutely loved every step of this course. I took it one day at a time. Although I admit I still need to practise, i can read and understand Korean now. Now I need to learn more words and sentences to speak Korean fluently. Thank you so much, Professor Seung Hae Kang.
Love this course!I began this course at
level zero and now I’ve be able to read and speak the language at a beginner’s level.
I love to see Korean dramas and now I’m able to understand a lot of what they say.
 I hope the university develops a second
part for this course.
I loved this class so much! I have been trying to learn Korean for a while now and finally bumping into this class nudged me to finally learn it. It might be a bit tedious and require lots of effort, but what language doesn't?.. I Highly recommend this class, Good-luck!
Thank you for the free course for a limited time due to the pandemic! I learned the essentials and all the materials were explained clearly! It might be hard if someone learns this without learning hangeul first on the first week, but trust me in the end it is worth it!
Great course to start learning the Korean language. You will learn the alphabet which will allow you to read and write in Korean. You will also learn basic vocabulary, expressions and grammar structures. The instructor and the materials are very helpful. Amazing course!
Excellent course. The only thing that confused me a little was the tenses. I learned a lot but the teacher never told us if we were learning present tense or which tense. But excellent course. Thank you very much! I can't wait to visit and study in Korea one day! 감사합니다
¡Excelente curso! Muy fácil de aprender y practicarlo. Muy buena profesora y excelentes explicaciones. Felicidades y muchas gracias.Excellent course! Very easy to learn and practice. Very good teacher and excellent explanations. Congratulations and thank you very much.
Was the maximum because it was a challenge for me because I do not know much English and I almost could not understand it since it was Spanish but it was a challenge for me to read and listen to English besides doing evaluations in English so I am very happy about this
I think this course is great especially that it's free. I must say that learning Korean is really challenging though, maybe because our language and accent is really different from Korean's, so I had a bit of difficulty learning it. Overall, I'm thankful. More power!
+ Well done videos and notes altogether- The quizes were quite easy. I have missed 'all-together' quiz with 아요, 와요, 해요 and others.- It was not clear for me at first, that all these endings are for present tense. Or aren't they?! Still not sure.THANK YOU VERY MUCH! :)
This course is very easy to follow and I've learned a lot! I would recommend it to someone who is learning Korean and wants a good basis for understanding the language as it is spoken and written. I feel more confident continuing my learning after taking this course.
This course is great for those who want to have the basic understand of Korean as well as the basic sentence formation.For people who want to learn Korean, this is a good start.I would suggest first to get to know the alphabet (really memorize and get to know them).
This course is really helpful for those who learning Korean language by them self and it's really easy to understand and the lecturer explain so clearly and  i learned so many new words. thank you so much Yonsei University Korea for giving this valuable opportunity.
I've learned some Korean phrases from Korean dramas. With this course, I learn about the alphabet as well as phrases. It is enjoyable to learn how Korean alphabet is formed. Lecturer's instructions were quite clear. It helped me to reinforced my previous knowledge.
It helped me learn the basics of Korean really well. Because of the strong foundation that this course empowered me with, I'm now able to learn more advanced grammar of the language easily. It's a very good way of getting acquainted with the language for beginners!
Amazing course!! I loved being able to learn at my own pace and the detailed explanations made it so easy to understand. I love this course so much as it helped me greatly to understand, speak and write basic daily conversations more fluently. Highly recommended !
This is an excellent opportunity to enter yourself in a whole new languages world, it is pretty easy to understand and the course is very complete, I recommend it 100% if you are eager to learn basic Korean or just if you are interested in getting a new skill.화이팅!
The course was basic and nicely paced for beginners - as it gets more complicated at Week 5, but still manageable if you practice your Hangul reading. Overall it was easy to pick up and I am glad I can catch basic phrases and understand basic grammar in the course
Such a GREAT experience!  Good lessons with the exercises also quiz after learning is quite good. Teacher can speak English very fluently with confident and cute facial expression.  This course is very suitable for beginner. THX for making this precious course ><
Very informative and helpful. Though I am a little concern for those who will take it with zero knowledge as it may be too confusing for them. Nevertheless, they could use the forum to interact with the lecturer and other students to ask and clarify the lessons.
I really love this course. The teacher explains well the grammar. I also like the way how she taught the pronunciation of the Korean words.  I am also able to learn basic conversational Korean. I hope more of course like this will also be given here in Coursera.
This course was very informative and precise. I could retain the new information and I learned phrases that would help me in everyday life. This course was very well worth it and I’m glad it was free and easily accessible to anyone who wants to learn. Thank you!
This course helped me not just to gain the basics of writing, reading and speaking the Korean language. But also enjoy learning a lot about their culture. Hope I can get to visit South Korea after the pandemic ends and practice applying what I learned. ❤️ 고맙습니다!
This easy-to-learn course teaches you everything you need to read Hangul (the Korean alphabet), understand sentence structure, and begin verb conjugation. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for an accessible introductory experience into the Korean language.
I am looking for the course which provide me the new knowledge. This course can provide me the third languages, I am so excited not only Korean Language but also cultural  and traditional. I am thankful all of you to give me the new experiences. I do appreciate.
Thank you so much for giving me this experience it really means a lot to me. Thank you for my good and patient instructor to this course and I am so glad that I was able to learn more about Hangul. I enjoyed every lesson in this course. Thank you and God bless!
It was fun and interesting, I think I am already ahead of level 1 Korean so I skipped alot of the videos and went straight to the tests but overall I think if you follow along with the videos and make notes yourself, you can learn alot from this course. Thanks.
This is a great course for people that have already started learning Korean and need help building a proper foundation. I definitely learned a lot. I was a bit overwhelmed by the vocabulary but they are all necessary words you will need for basic conversation.
great intro to Korean course for beginners. would be great if the vocabulary section was not chopped up in each video, it would be easier for students to write down all the vocab for the unit in sequence so that we can take notes better. other than that, v fun
Great for total beginners. The only thing I would comment on is the tests, they are quite easy and could be a little bit more demanding. However if you can devote yourself to learn and not rely to much on the test to check out your knowledge then it's perfect.
This course taught me how to speak Korean moderately. The course was direct and the professor made the learning  experience manageable and fairly simple to understand. I enjoyed this course and will take what I learned from it to better improve my own Korean.
This course was amazing. I can't believe it. I am so happy and thankful for it. It was well disigned. The videos are clear. The lectures were helpfull. The quizes were according with the topics on the lessons. I highly recommend this FIRST STEP KOREAN course.
This course is very practical, dynamic and understandable to people who want to learn about Korean language and Korean Culture. Maybe you should include more videos or information about traditions and customs and maybe open the second course of this language.
Professor Kang is very nice. She taught the course with dedication. it was an amazing course for beginners to learn hangul. She explained grammar rules in details. I would like to recommend this course to everyone who is willing to learn the Korean language.
A great course to start learning the Korean language for those interested. The incorporation of intermediate words to the basic track made learning easier and more fun. I hope there will be more courses where intermediate and advance learning can be applied.
This course is really proving very helpful to me. Thank You for this. Many of my doubts are being cleared. Also this is the first time I am learning any new language and I am really enjoying this. All thanks to this course and the instructor. Gamsahamnida...
I took Korean basic offline years ago and decided to learn it again recently. This course is the best and covers up what I got from the offline class with the systematic courses. Now I'm ready to take the next level, thanks to Coursera and Yonsei University!
This course can be introduced as the best course useful for anyone who does not have any idea on Korean language and Korean culture.The content of this course is easier to understand and staff always help to resolve our doubts. So thank you for your support.
I had such a wonderful experience learning first step korean. The teaching and material are easily understood and gives us scope for maximum learning. I will utilise all my learning to excel myself speaking in korean. Thank you so much for this oppurtunity.
The course is so well structured. You will be able to learn at the beginners' level without any previous experience. I would highly recommend it to anyone. If there's any advanced course from this instructor, I would be more than happy to start immediately!
i've tried learning Korean through many different ways before, but never have i been able to understand and grasp the concept the way Ms. Seung Hae Kang taught, her teaching made it seem less of a monotonous teaching process but more of a joyous experience.
Thank you so much! This course was very helpful in addressing some of the frustrations I have regarding my lack or rather slow pace of understanding korean conversations when watching TV series or interviews. Hoping to enhance my fluency in the near future.
Is very usefull and great to use. If you are compromised with your own learning, you will achieve all your goals. This course is very helpfull and is well estructured. You can easily follow the instrucctions and learn how to speek in a basic korean language
Ms. Kang explains the course really well! She's like a mom or aunt patiently helping me to learn a new lesson or story. Thank you so much! I still have to review more to be fluent but this course is a stepping stone to a subtitle-free korean drama fan life.
I loved taking this class. I was dying to get back home from work everyday to learn something new. The exercises were fun to do and the teacher explained really good so I didn't have any questions after watching the videos. I would love to take a 2nd class.
The course content is what I expected and having an assessor whose native language is the one she's teaching is a plus. The platform is easy to use and the tests and learning material are very helpful. One thing that I would like to add are grammar lessons.
If you are a beginner in learning Korean language this course is perfect for you! It helped me a lot with the basics of Korean language. Now I can read and somehow understand and express myself using this language. I'm so happy! Thank you for this course!
This course is very good, you learn the basic concepts of the lenguage in a very simple way, the teacher explains very well and now I understand the language more and better.Thanks for quality learning!Thanks for that Seung Hae Kang and Yonsei University!
Course is great. It is easy to understand and follow up. I think it is very good for first step of beginner. Course does not focus on grammar as main objective but I like that grammar is hidden in the proper place and certainly I can use it in the future.
I learned to write and read the Korean alphabet, how to write and say important dates, a little bit of Korean culture, how to have a conversation, occupations, places, greetings, this course was very useful thanks for your teachings. It's really helpful.
The skills I gained from this course are: Correct pronunciation of letters, therefore correct pronunciation of the word in addition to reading and writing better than before.
I would like to thank all those responsible for this work and tell them 감사합니다 .
Before I knew some words but I did not have any knowledge about grammar and other things. Thanks to these lessons I started to understand how to say about time and some pronunciations that I did not know before starting this lesson. Thank you very much.
Its a amazing and easy to learn.... so far the things I watched and test I already knew from TTMIK but I still watched it and did the test to review then later on I will move on farther to things I dont know. Amazing way of reviewing and learning. 감사합니다
Thank you for helping me as a beginner to learn Korean. Easy to understand, i personally love how the teacher explains all of the theory. I recommend this course for all of you who want to learn basic conversation in Korean. This is all, thank you 선생님.
An excellent course to learn Korean. I personally improved my usage of the Korean language.  Thank you for the lecture series. Very clear and understandable explanations throughout the course. Once again thank you Professor Seung Hae Kang and Coursera.
This is my first online class. Professor Kang is really so nice and she guides every lesson with detailed and explanation.  I really appreciated the emphasis on correct pronunciation for the vocabulary words. Thanks for giving such an awesome teaching.
The course is an excellent starting point for absolute beginners, not only does the curriculum stress on making the students understand the Korean words used in daily life, but it stresses on the importance of understanding the syntax behind each word.
The instructor is amazing. Her explanations are clear and concise.  I had tried to learn the alphabet on youtube a while back, but I had given up. With First Step Korena, I was able to learn in and understand the logic behind in just one video! Amazing
I've learned Korean simple conversations in a physical class since 2019. However, I cannot distinguish between 에요 and 입니 다, Kor-Chi number such as 일, 이, 삼 vs 하나,둩, etc.  Many thanks to the First Step Korean so now I became familiar with simple Korean.
The study materials are well organized and easy to understand. The way they make sections such as dialog, vocabulary, exercise, quiz, makes the learning process fun. Thank you for the course and I anticipate more Korean courses from Yonsei University.
The course is very helpful in learning Korean in the beginner level. It helps me build up my Korean as well as helps me understand Korean culture. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to start his/her step in Korean! The professor is awesome :-)
Fantastic course! Very useful for totally beginner students who want to approach the Korean language and culture. I decided to attend this course in view of a trip to Korea, I'm very satisfied and absolutely recommend this course. Thank you very much!
I really liked how every lesson was teached in context of a topic, it made things easier and helped me with the understanding. Is a complete course that includes grammar, vocabulary, speaking, listening and writing practice. Really good for begginers
The course was really easy to understand and I was willing to complete every unit as soon as possible!! The instructor was very clear with every new concept which made it very simple for people like me who are new to the language to grasp it quickly.
This course was an excellent experience since I had lived in South Kores but never learned the language.  Thank you so much for your lessons,  I believe that with more practice I can perfection my pronunciation and keep learning in-depth the language
this class has made me extremely comfortable with speaking in korean and has helped me learn through repetition and practice. I truly believe that this is the best way to start learning because this course and professor explains everything very well!
I loved this! I was very helpful and a great base to start studying Korean. There was a lot of things that I didn`t know and couldn`t find answers on the internet. However, I`ve found the answers in here. Thank you for these classes. It helped a lot!
Very helpful to first-time learners of the language! Thankful for the clear explanations and the pacing of the course. It really is difficult to learn a foreign language but with guides like these, the experience becomes more motivating and engaging!
It was amazing! I had some problems at the beginning with my schedule so I accumulated some classes, but I manage to do them before the deadline. Thanks a lot! I would like to know if there are more Korean courses like this one to continue studying.
Super simple and easy to understand especially for people who have no background knowledge of Korean. Although the lesson may be a little fast but revising and doing the worksheets by yourself definitely help and even make the course more effective.
I'm always ashamed that I couldn't read hangul, despite my grandmother being a Korean. I'm so glad to find this great online class that provides me an opportunity to learn my grandmother's mother tongue. Thank you very much and strongly recommended!
I read a lot of reviews complaining that everything was in Korean text. Before this course I took the time to go learn the alphabet from YouTube videos. This probably helped a lot with the course. Before you start this course, go learn the alphabet.
This course was really great at getting me to understand certain aspects of the language that I didn't understand on my own. I loved watching the Professors videos and hope that I can meet her one day to let her know that she helped me learn Korean!
Amazing course. I'd been struggling with learning Korean, but with this course I managed to advance some more in this path. I still need to practice more, but this material is a great start to clarify some questions I had, especially in vocabulary.
This is by far the most elaborate Korean Language class I have ever attended and I am eternally grateful to Yonsei University for this amazing experience. The teacher was very knowledgeable and she explained everything in a very understandable way.
This is a very good course. You can learn the important basic things from the Korean language. You will be able to understand perfectly the Hangul Alphabet. The teacher is great and has a good teaching  method. I am very satisfied with this course.
I have started to course so long time ago but I could just finish it. It was really so good. Now I can talk about daily life, time and date, my family so easily. Thanks for Yonsei University and Seung Hae Kang! I really enjoyed and learned a lot^^
Excellent course for first time learners! Just a bit more practice repetitively and learners will surely be ready to amp up their Korean language learning in no time. It's very easy to follow too, especially with the way the videos were presented.
This was a very informative course, I shall use all that I have learned in this course to further my Korean speaking ability. Thank you, Yonsei University for offering this course for those who wish to have a proficiency in Korean such as my self.
Thank you Prof Seung Hae Kang & Yonsei University to make Korean Language Lesson for Beginner so easy , you have taught me a lot, i hope you will not stop make some korean language lesson for us who curious and passionate learning Korean Language.
This course was very helpful In starting to learn Korean. The examples were very easy to understand. The practices was also very helpful and makes it easier to do conversations. I also liked the extra vocabulary that was given during the lectures.
This is the best course for beginners to learn Korean from the alphabet to the daily life conversations! It teaches basic rules in making sentences and a lot of useful vocabulary. Thanks to Dr.Seung Hae Kang and Yonsei University for this course!
It's a little bit hard because I studied Chinese before. But I understand when you teach me about Korean grammar. Thank you for this class and I'll keep going to practice more and more when I have free-time. Komapseumnida, Kang-seonsaengnim =^w^=
Well organized introduction to Korean, providing necessary vocabulary and grammar. What I liked the most about this course were the information about Korean culture and how the pronunciation of words change, when they're combined with each other.
This course give me a lot of basic information. I,m really thank to the instructor. It'll be better if all practices give all English meaning and how to pronounce them. At last, thank you really really much it my honor to find this course thank.
This course was awesome as an introduccion to Corean language, the notes and videos were clear enough. The only element I had problems with was with the pronunciation explaination, but I think pronunciation is difficult in general. Great course!
it was quite easy to understand through the follow upsand the videos, re-watching it more than once also helped exponentially it is a great way to review common topics used in South Korea.overall i enjoyed is it and would only thank the teacher.
Thank you very much, for taking your time to explain everything in Korean and help us understand by linking it to our language. Teacher Kang Seung Hae went into great detail about everything, even explaining a little bit of history and culture.
This course is worth to try.  in about 3 days i can read korean hangeul (mostly i used it to read hangeul in my fav korean variety shows). After completed the course i can understand conversation in daily basis. thank you, Ms. Seung Hae Kang :)
Completing this course is a really good step for those learning Korean Language.This course is planned wisely and helps learn Korean in an easy way.I'm amazed how quickly I learned to read,write and speak basic Korean after I took this course.
It is really great to have the chance to learn First Step Korean on Coursera, it is easy to understand what the teacher is saying and the teacher is great! I felt fulfilled and I will continue to learn Korean in the future. Thank you Ms. Kang!
Excellently structured course for learning and getting to grip with the basics. Designed for those who have no previous experience with the Korean language. First module concentrates solely on the Korean alphabet, reading and writing Hangeul.
I must say that this course is (if not the best, then) one of the best to start learning Korean language from Level 0. As from my own experience, I would highly recommend this course to everyone who is interested in learning Korean language.
Great materials provided. Although, it's a little hard to understand some part of the teaching but it's good that we could pause and practice on our own time. Highly recommended for students who need more time to student on their own accord.
This course is the best option for those who wish to get the basics of  Hangul. The course uses a very systematic method to make the students understand Hangul. I enjoyed this course and I can now make a basic Korean conversation. Thank you!
A simple and clear guide to beginners with very useful and practical units. The teacher also explains what we need to know for basic conversation clearly. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to start to know more about Korean language.
Literally the best course to take when you're starting out or even brushing up on korean! Professor Kang explains things in a way that makes so much sense that it makes me really wanna come take a class of hers at Yonsei! thank you so much!!
At first I didn't have any knowledge of Korean. But when I came to study this course I was able to better listen, speak, read and write. Thank you for creating this course. One day I will go to study at Yonsei University. Thank you again!!!!
My experience of this course was very good. It definitely met my expectations. Thank you to Professor Seung Hae Kang for making Hangul this easy to learn. I will surely recommend Coursera to others and learn more skills myself in the future.
This course really help me who want to knows more korean language without take offline course.  The material really understandable for beginner. Thank you so much for mrs. Kang, coursera and yonsei University for provide this online course.
I truly enjoyed taking this course. It helped me to understand the pronunciation of the Korean language.  I took the course to challenge myself to learn a new language and this was a great start.  Thank you for offering the course for free.
I'm interesting in Korean language cause I love in K-pop and I need to understand what they said and wrote. Now I can read a little in Korean and can understand some listening. So I will practice as well as I can understand clearly. Thanks.
First Step Korean course is the best one of Korean language course for beginners that I have ever learn. The instructor can explain all of difficult things to be in a simple words so we can understand quickly and easily. Yonsei is the best!
I love this class so much. The teacher speaks quite slow and I do understand her completely. Also, the quizzes are not too hard. Thank you so much to have this awesome class for those who want to study and learn Korean language and culture.
It was a wonderful course. It helped me learn step by step and now I can read and write Korean. I am happy with this course. I may not be able to speak fluently just yet but this beginners course covered everything to be able to get there.
I would like this course to have more week for fundamental gramma lesson some of them made me confuse such as 은, 는, 이, 가, 을, 를, 에, 에서 etc. but overall it is easy to understand basic daily life conversation. Very good!! Thank you very much.
Step by step, in-depth guidance offered. I feel confident to talk about my daily life in korean language. Of course, for such a language practice is a must. I highly recommend this course who are truly interested in learning this language.
All the information is very well explained. Enrolled knowing absolutely nothing about Korean and now I can actually read and form simple sentences. Pushed me to really learn the alphabet instead of relying on English phonetic translations.
very nice course, i find it very useful to remember some of the things i learned before but also helped me a lot to resolve some doubts about the reason of the use of some particles or why some word become in a different sound. thank you.
This course was an amazing experience to understand the basics of hangul . The format of teaching , practice questions , understanding vocabulary through pictures all were  very helpful to learn hangul . A great job by Yonsei University.
I really enjoyed this course. The lectures were easy to understand and the notes were helpful to continue practicing throughout the week. The quizzes were great to really test my understanding, especially my listening and reading skills.
It is a good start for those who have absolutely no knowledge about the language. The course is simple and after completion I have been able to read and write Korean. Conversing in the language and understanding will come with practice.
It is easy to understand, interesting to follow and all about getting to "feel" the Korean language. I especially enjoy the assignments, those not so hard but still challenging enough to make me remember what I have learnt. 선생님 고맙습니다  !
I not only learnt to write and read Korean. but also to speak and converse in it. The professor made this course very interesting and the way she spoke was clear and perfect. Thank you so much for teaching me Korean in less than a week.
Best language course so far. It was easy to understand and was very well explained. I would recommend this course who wants to learn Korean. It not only helped me to read and write but also to speak and understand their culture better.
This course has abundant data for learning Korean at one's own pace .The lecture videos are very persuasive and the quizzes at the end of each lesson lets us know where we can improvise ourselves .I am glad for having opt this course .
The structure of this class is very organized, which helps me learn efficiently. Dr. Seung Hae Kan's instructions are very clear and concise. So, it is easy to understand the rules and grammar.  I would love to learn more about Korean!
Awesome courses ! Lessons are very well explained and we can practice our pronunciation by repeating after the teacher which is amazing ! I've tried some other website, but this one is definitely the best if you have to have the basics
The teaching is in good structure, easy to understand and remember. Practice section helps me to better understand the context of the new words. The best course I've ever learned for Korean language. Looking forward to further courses.
Good course for beginners. The pace is good, the lecturer guides you through each stage. Good blend of different learning styles with the PDFs and listening exercises in the quizzes. I now feel very comfortable with the use of hangul.
I'm really glad I took the course. It's been really helpful in making basic conversations although I hope there are more online courses about the Tenses and Honorifics for further understanding of the Korean language and structure. :)
I love this course the syllabus the content was very thoughtfully selected for the beginners in korean language it really helped me a lot and am now ready to complete the whole courses provided by yonsei university on korean language.
By the time reached the 2nd module i was apprehensive about continuing the course. Then started the spark of interest.  I was determined to work hard and learn the language.Great instructor, great inspiration. Thanks and best regards
First Step Korean was a great introduction to reading, speaking and understanding some basic conversational essentials in Korean. Easy to follow. Clearly explained. Thoroughly enjoyable. Can't wait for Second Step Korean to come out!
Thank you for this course!!! I feel much more comfortable with conversational Korean, as well as the reading and writing aspects of it. I feel that I may be able to manage on my own for a trip to Korea. Very grateful for your help :)
It was indeed a wonderful experience learning 한국어 with professional help. The course was structured very well and taught exceptionally by Ms. Kang. I've learnt more in these few weeks, than I have in months of self-learning.   감사합니다!
I like the practice and easy to leaning online class . I like to listening and repeat  conversation and voice of teacher. I have a little basic of this Korean language but this course help me to strong talk a Korean with another guy.
I'm really thankful for this course because it helped me a lot to understand a few Korean vocabularies and conversations. I hope that there will be part 2 of this course that will take us to an intermediate level. Thank you so much!
Loved this course. Everything was explained so well. The differences between korean and western culture was portrayed well. Overall an amazing course to start with. I can now read and write korean well and speak and write a lot too!
one of the best online courses in existence... weeks are really well planned out, teachers pronunciations are spot-on and it is overall really fun and interesting.... thank you Ms. Seung Hae Kang and Yonsei university!!!!  고맙습니다 !!!
I love that the explanations are easy to understand.  I just hope that we could talk more about formal rather than informal examples since you cannot just talk informally to people you've just met.  Thank you so much for teaching!!!
It was the best experience to be a part of this learning process. I respect the language and culture even more now. I feel more connected to people by knowing their language. Huge respect to the teacher for perfect teaching. 

감사합니다
First Step Korean course by Yonsei University is a really helpful , easy and student friendly way to learn Korean. As I am still doing the course I am pretty sure that i will be able to speak fluent  Korean by the end of the course.
Great course. Material outlined in an orderly manner for the student to connect concepts with daily life, eg number and time / date. However, as with any language, success depends on how much you revise the concepts and practice it.
This course is easy to follow, very nicely structured and the instructors make sure you understand the words and their pronunciation. I took this course to prepare for a hospital internship at Konyang Uni and it proved very helpful!
With clear explanations, good pacing, and wonderful activities to practice reading, I enjoyed the lectures and am very grateful to be learning such a culturally rich language such as Korean. Thank you for giving me this opportunity!
This course was really helpful for me. As i was a toddler in hangul, i didn't know anything about korean alphabets or how they're are written but now i can speak, read and write hangul. Thanks to the teacher who taught this course.
Thank you for giving this free lesson on Hangeul. This was very interesting, entertaining and I gained lots of new learning from this course. Keep up the great work. Hoping to see new lessons in the future. Thank you. Kamsahamnida!
This is a fun course for people who want to learn the Korean language. The lessons are useful in everyday life and the way it's presented was very clear and comprehensible even to those with little or no background in the language.
I think this course is appropriate for those who don’t have basic in Korean. It encourages you to learn about this language in the future. The teacher’s pronunciation listens easily. Thank you for makes me love the Korean language.
I just have finished all the course completely in short time and the course really help me for understanding the Korean even more than before. It is very good and every lesson is all easy understandable. I would like to learn more!
It helps me a lot to learn basic Korean. I can now read and speak little by little because of this course. Through continuous practice, I know that someday I'll be fluent in Korean. Thank you so much for helping me to learn Korean.
Loved it! It was pretty helpful. I would be up to taking Korean to the next level.  *side-note* I would love it if you included romanization translation to the words pronounced just so its easier to distinguish the words pronounced
The course it's very well organized and provides a lot of examples and explanations. I recommend it to everyone who wants to learn Korean language as a first step. I am happy I can read and say a lot of things in Korean. Thank you!
This really is a great course, it has a lot of content to learn, is concise, easy, and practical. Also the staff does his best at explaining doubts and questions. If you like Korean, or want to start learning Korean this is a must.
This course is really great for me. I wanted to learn korean language and didn't get any opportunity for me. But now, I learnt korean basic level and I can speak, read, and write and can listen some Korean language. So 고맙습니다  선생님.
Would be great if there was more new practice instead of just lecture notes but this was great! I've learned the basics of Korean several times but this was very in-depth especially with the hangeul lessons and easy to understand.
Very good course. Content is chosen with careful consideration and taking into account audience across the world. Hence at no point in time course gets difficult. Easy recommendation for someone who is absolute beginner in Korean.
This course is very much helpful for those people, who wants to learn Korean from very beginning. It was a wonderful experience for me to learn new language and I would like thank Respected Professor Seung Hae Kang and Coursera...
This was a great course. It broke down simple phrases into easy to learn sections. I would like to take it over again, just to make sure I didn't miss anything. The instructor took her time, going over each section multiple times.
This course has been very informative. The instructor was great, and I feel like with a little bit more studying, I will be able to fully grasp everything I've learned with this course, as well as speaking it correctly. Thank you!
It is fun! Able to speak and read Korean after taking up this course. The sequence of syllabus is good from basic to daily essential. I hope they make more Korean Courses so we can continue to learn Korean after First Step Korean.
I really like the programme, everything is clear, the units are very harmonious and the teacher explain everything in a very simple way ... thanks a lot for this amazing cours, thank you for helping me emprove my korean language.
It was a great course for the beginners. I have learnt some valuable information of Korean language, rules of word and sentence making. Learnt valuable things from this course and have confidence to learn more of Korean Language.
This class has been so helpful! The instructor was easy to understand and the additional worksheets made studying independently possible.I really enjoyed the short segments about Korean culture at the end of each week as well :-)
This Course is very goog for me. Korean studies was very funny and relax. Teacher was very good . She was speak slowly for student to understand . Thank you for Korean Studies for foreign in Thailand. Thank you very much . 감사합니다
I was learning korean from a while, but the way this course helped me to not only improve but revise and find so many things i have been learning or taught in a wrong way. I love how detailed every little thing was, thank you :)
I love this course. i knew a bit because i'm doing other course but with this course i could practice and understand things that for me was difficult but know is easy for me. I hope that can make the next part of this course. :)
It was a big challenge for me because my mother language is spanish, but the method of learning that you bring us makes the course easier to learn, I'm so glad with all the teachers and I hope to learn more about this language.
This course is great for beginner. I can read, listen and translate more korean word when I watch korean varieties. It make me understand more about korean language. Thanks to this course for making me have fun in study korean!
This course was perfetly designed for introduction of Basic Korean Language to a beginner. I never once felt stuck. Every part was carefully put in such an order that there was never a sudden rise in toughness level. Thank you.
Teaches in an interesting and productive manner. Provides in depth lecture notes of everything taught in the lesson, allowing you to continue learning wherever. Really helped me make progress in my Korean. Would 100% recommend.
I would suggest adding some details and examples on how to use the different words for "morning" and "afternoon" since they can be used in different ways and have different meanings and is still confusing to see the difference
First step Korean is very extensive Korean language course. It covers all the basics you need to know about Korean language. The content is explained very well by Professor Sueng Hae Kang. Definitely recommended for beginners.
First Step Korean Course This course helps me a lot for learning basic Korean language. It's very useful for student who don't know anything about Korean language to understand and can bring it to use to educate. Thanks a lot.
Its a good one for people who wants to learn korean! Now I can start to read some korean word and speak a little bit simple phrases. She explain really good and clear and easy to understand. Thank a lot for this useful course.
Extremely well organized and explained.  Yonsei University has a well-deserved reputation.  I am surprised that Sogang University doesn't provide anything like this online except through this link: http://korean.sogang.ac.kr/.
The teacher's teaching is very professional and it makes it easy to learn a totally different thing! I learned the whole alphabet in just one day. I could learn much more in weeks and gain knowledge about a different language
I really liked the course. It's constructive and amusing and fun at the same time. The teacher is good and I like her voice. All the units are clear and help me to understand the rules and vocabulary. It was a good lesson. :)
I love the course and Professor Kang. She explained all the topics well. ^_^ I really enjoyed and learned a lot in this class. Definitely recommend!  강 선생님과 연세대 학교 감사합니다  ^^ Also, thanks for the free course and certificate <3
This was a really very useful course. i would like to do more next stages in korean provided by coursera.thankyou for the yonsei university  for providing such an useful course. the professor was also nice in the explanation.
This course was very informative and beneficial it helped me develop my reading, writing and speaking skills in the Korean language. It help me grasp the necessary skills. Thank you for a wonderful and challenging experience.
I really love how the instructor explain the lesson and how to use it in different situation even giving some background so you can remember it better.  The vocabulary also comes with picture that helps to memorize the words.
Korean was a completely new language for me when I started, but despite that, I found the course easy to follow. It was very enjoyable and I truly felt like I learned a lot. Thank you for this wonderful opportunity to learn.
I liked the course. They explain in a simple way to understand it. I would have liked to learn much more vocabulary or that there was a second stage. Still, I love it and I am going to put into practice everything I learned.
The teacher was very motivational and very encouraging. I had a wonderful time learning the Korean language and it is great to learn whenever you can! I highly recommend this course and hope you'll enjoy it as much as I did.
Clear and awesome! I learned a lot from having zero experience. Advice: try using course notes and video at the same time - it helps ingrain the knowledge into your brain deeper. I would definitely recommend to ANYONE. 10/10
Nicely done, this course was really easy to do. I was totaly beginning korean language and now I can make sentences, read and write. I have to pratice more to handle a conversation but it's just the biginning. Thanks a lot !
Very intuitive Beginning Korean Course. The method of teaching was clear and detail. I just wish there would be more exercise for student to practice to get used to the Korean alphabet/vocabulary. Overall outstanding course.
This was a well-organized course. It was easy to follow each lesson while presenting something new to learn each week without being too repetitive. Thank you for the opportunity to further my studies in the Korean language.
A truly helpful course which will eventually help build the foundation of the Korean language for a beginner. I look forward to more such courses by Yonsei University for the Korean language. Thank You Seung Hae Kang Ma'am.
It is really helpful for beginners! You get to know how to introduce yourself and ask others about them. This course teaches the basic consonants and vowels in Korean, how to read, write and pronounce the Korean characters.
after I'm studying in this course it helps me a lot in the Korean language. I can read an easy article and my favorite webtoon. It's make me into this language and I want to learn more about it. sorry for my English skills.
Overall is the good course for new interested person. For my opinion, module two quite fast for the new learner as I'm not familiar with the consonant, vowel and the composition. BTW, thank you very much for your intention.
Thank you so much for your financial help, Now I can communicate with my korean friends easily but also I can help korean people who come to Istanbul for holiday. I will always recommend you to everyone. So glad I have you.
Amazing . the lecture videos and notes  were very detailed and easy to understand . I now have the confidence to write Korean little bit and can very well understand the language much better than before .thank you so much .
I'm very grateful to take this course as a beginning of studying Korean. Professor had taught the grammar, vocabulary and pronunciation very well. Therefore, I can study the basic of Korean easily. Thank you for the lesson!
This is an excellent course for beginners.  It helps you with the basics while it makes you want to learn more.  I would highly recommended and would like to take more courses.  you really end up reading Hangul. Bottoms Up!
this course is very useful for learning korean and after completion i am even able to understand korean letters and even able to write in korean as well. the lecture is very interesting with so many examples to learn from.
Thank you for having this couse for free. It's so good for people who interested in korean langauge, korean culture and k-pop. The lessons are basic for beginner and quite easy to understand. I really recommend this couse.
This course is good for Korean beginner from zero level. This make me can read write and listen basic Korean. Thank you teacher and all staffs for the free online learning lesson, I’ll practice harder with Korean language.
The instructor successfully discussed and dissected each important parts of the lessons so that the students will have an easier time learning. The vocabulary (they included a lot) and practice parts are also very helpful.
Really easy to understand and all the work is both challenging but not impossible. The teacher is every good at explaining everything and it is set up in a very nice way. Defiantly say this has greatly improved my Korean.
In this course I learned Korean Basic, thank you so much for this space, for this learn, the teacher is clear and explain very well, I hope to meet her some time in person, here start my dream.
Thanks Yonsei and Coursera
Easy to understand and follow. The instructor made understanding Korean fun and easy. I loved it a lot and will keep on practicing and learning more about the Korean Culture.Thank you so much to Professor Seung Hae Kang.
I have always wanted to learn Korean because I am a huge fan BTS, comics and the whole country its culture. This course was so helpful to me and thanks to their detailed way of teaching, it was a fun experience all over.
i love the clear learning objectives and easy to understand syllabus. The pace was just right and the teacher provides alot of examples along the way for you to practise. Great course for those who wants to learn Korean.
This is an excellent course to master Korean alphabets, reading, writing and basic grammar. It also teaches a few things about Korean culture and some useful expressions that one could use to introduce oneself in Korean.
The course was interesting, easy to follow and understand. There were also many new side facts added during the lesson so I could understand why this thing was like that.Thank you so much for providing this basic course!
A very good course for beginners. I watch a lot of kdramas so I could recognize a few terms in the vocabulary easily. But even without any prior knowledge, one can have a casual conversation in Korean after this course.
The best course for everyone to start fundamental Korean language and in this course, the teacher uses easy words and sentences to describe understand easily. Thanks a million for Coursera to have this course. I love it
This course is very informative yet fun to learn. I have only learned Korean through hearing but from this course, I get to learn more about the structure and able to start or involve in a daily conversation. Thank you!
Thank you teacher Before learned this course I don't have experience about Korean 'my skill is beginning or less' but after I learned this course I think I have more skill than more 'beginning ' Thank you so much 사랑해요 ♡
Professor Kang was an incredible teacher. The information was as expected and it was fun to get challenged as I progressed through the course. I learned so much from it and now looking forward to taking the next course!
Went really in depth as a beginner's course, and I really enjoyed. I feel as though my Korean has improved a lot with this course. Hope to see many Korean courses for intermediate and advanced learners in the future. :)
This course was a very thorough introduction to basic Korean phrases and grammar. It is a great starting point and building block in learning the basics, and I am excited to take further courses from Yonsei University.
The course is designed very well for a beginner and it was really helpful to me as I am always interested in learning new languages. The course structure helped me gain knowledge of the Korean Culture and the Language.
It's good and help me in many ways I have been trying to learn Korean from about 2 years but after this course it became easier and I can understand some things that it was difficult to get through while I was studying
It is a great introductory course. I learned a lot and the teacher was a great guide. I still have to work on my pronunciation but as my first approach to Korean lenguaje, I am gratefull for this course. Thanks a lot!
This courses really help me as the newbie to learn korean. Although it just only have 5 syllabus, but it quite good to enhance my skill and knowledge on how to create sentences and also to pronounce every word. Kudos!
Its easy to understand how to pronounce and  spell , read words. If have any class in furture, sure will try to apply and i will love to use it in everyday life also learn more from music and series :) 감사합니다Porawan I.
I really enjoy the time to learn the new language. I really happy how imporve to read Hangul and recognize the particles when try to write. The videos was dinamic I can undertand when the teacher explained .Thank you!
It was a great pleasure and fun learning Korean language from Yonsei Universities online course. And I'm extremely grateful towards Professor Seung Ha Kang for making this course much easier for me. Thanks a lot madam
I used to learn Korean from many institution. I found that First step Korean of Yonsei University is one of the best school for those who want to learn Korean. The cirriculum and content are appropriate for beginners.
Thank a lot of having this class .It’s awesome for me its not too hard or easy that only basically to use dailyI really love this university and this teach me a lot I will find more time to practice what I’ve learned.
Excellent course to learn from the beginning!. Thank you very much Seung Hae Kang teacher for teaching your language was clear and concise at all times, now I now how to basically defend myself when I travel in Korea!
This course was super interesting, i learn so many expression to communicate with native Koreans and other people who know the Korean language. The lecturer for this course explained everything so well. 선생님 정말 감사합니다.
Great Course! The first lessons were very easy so I wondered if I should continue with it or not. I continued because of the vocabulary! Weeks 4 and 5 were more challenging! It's also great to practice pronunciation.
This course is very comprehensive and is very suitable for beginners. I also love its pacing and its reinforcement through continuous practice. Congratulations to the Course Team! Thank you, Professor Kang Seung Hae!
The explanations are easy to follow, I had been trying to learn Korean by myself for a long time and I hadn't been able to build a good basic knowledge of the language. Now I feel confident and excited to learn more.
This is a very exciting course! I have always admire the simplicity and beauty of Korean's alphabet, with this I can hopefully find way to interact with Koreans someday. I'm really thankful for this. Thanks again! :)
This course in really well structured, and puts you in a good place as a beginner. I'm really thankful to have encountered this course when I decided to study korean, don't know how lost i woud have been without it!
I love this course. It was very easy to learn and understand the materials. The materials was made available for download so that I can come back and read it all over again to make sure that I understand everything.
Hello from Turkey. It is easy to learn Korean from this course I think. My English isn't perfect but also I can understand what Mrs. Kang tell about. Thank you for everything to Mrs. Kang and also Yonsei University.
Very well structured! The notes and videos are really short but extremely helpful! The conversations were a great listening exercise!! I really enjoyed it and completed it way before i should have haha. Thank you :)
I really love this course so much. Easy to Learn! and a professionnal have a great English pronunciation that make me get easy to understand :) Thank you so much for First Step Korean. This course is very useful :-)
I found the course very helpful and have a solid understanding of basic korean in the areas that were taught. Thank you so much Yonsei University for this opportunity as well as Mrs Seung! She is an amazing teacher!
I liked it. I am Brazilian and, though english is not my first language, it was very easy to understand the explanations. The korean was very well explained too, and helped me on my own self studies of the language.
this really help me to learn things from everyday life! and the explanation is so clear and simple, not hard to follow also, the quiz as well. its easy and simple, but you have to pay attention carefully. thankyou!
I want to get certificate but I don't have money for now to purchased certificate. I'm currently unemployed because of pandemic. I'm very happy that Yonsei University provide this kind of course.. Thank you so much
Awesome Course.. Material and the Professor was the best thing happened to me, Learning from alphabets to numbers, I was able to learn and read and write basic Korean sentences and understand.KhamsamitaSaranghe <3
This course, is very complete. I learned much about gramatical estructure in the sentences and others things basics for communicated with the people. I recommend this course with this teacher in Yonsei University.
Firstly, I'm sorry for my broken english. Such a pleasure learn hangul from Seung Hae seonsaengnim. It was fun and clearly understand. Thank you so much for everyone behind this course, I send you all my grateful.
Learning language is never easy but with the help of Professor Sung Hae Kang, learning Korean is bearable. Thank you so much Yonsei University for the chance to learn Korean and your culture as well. Kamsahamnida!
Very detailed and easy to follow course! Perfect for beginners. I wish you would add more details on how to change the verb and 'yo'. And may you have Second Step Korean course? That would be awesome! Komabsubnita
I learned a lot from this course and it encourages me to learn more about korean language. The instructions are rather clear and easy to understand. Highly recommend this course for those who want to learn korean.
Very helpful course for beginners. Acquiring pronunciation skills may take time, but I can definitely say that I can identify Hangul characters and can read the words formed. Thank you Professor Kang and Coursera!
This class is definitely more than I expected. Especially the first a few weeks when explaining the origin of Korean language, it really helps me to better understand the meaning and the construction of the words.
It was a good experience studying the language I wanted to in this platform. I love Korean and this course has helped me a lot.  I appreciate the systematic way in which it is being taught here. Thankyou so much.
Very interesting lessons taught by an experimented trainer who has very good pedagogical skills. I had some basic notions in Korean, but I hope that these lessons would help me to improve my Korean.Gomapseumnida!
Love the course, The professor explains all the materials in easy ways to understand. I'm going to Korea soon and I feel way more prepared than I was before! Highly recommend for those who want to start learning.
Very useful contents,  I have learned a lot of Korean vocabularies and expressions from this course. Thank you very much professor Kang, and thanks for the platform that Yonsei University and Coursera has offered
I'm at the middle of the course, and I went from knowing absolutely nothing, to differentiating vowels, consonants, greeting and introducing myself, I can't wait to finish the course and continue learning Hangul
I am so glad that I learned a lot from this course. Very helpful for those who want to learn Korean language. Thumbs up for Yonsie University and coursera.org for having this kind of lectures. Thank you so much.
I love this course. I could learnt basic Korea for improving my skill when I meet Korean friends and watching Korea series. I love it! Thanks teacher! The best teacher ever! ♥ Thank you Yonsei University too! ♥
This course was amazing! It was very detailed and all of the content was explained very well. It was definitely a perfect first Korean course for me. Thank you so much for this course! :) I highly recommend it!
This was a lovely and very engaging course that did a great job of teaching information in a very logical way that is easy to follow.I highly recommend this to anyone who wishes to learn the basics of Korean :)
It is a short and simple course that really helped me improve my Korean knowledge. It's not just about the Language, but somehow I also learned Korean culture. Nonetheless, language and culture are inseparable.
This is nice course with effective lecture to learn a foreign language in a very systematic and scientific way. Doing this course one can easily develop fundamental skill in Korean Language with great happiness
It is very helpful, but sometimes I feel confused after learning a lesson for the first time. This is due to having the video move on so quickly. However, it is very helpful if I review and practice constantly.
It was a very fun and interesting learning process. Before think I've self studied Korean for a year, this course has helped me to understand more of the basic of the Korean language. I am satisfied with this.
Easy to understand, though i have to say, sometimes the Audio in the tests were difficult to understand. But the explanations and examples were easy to understand and to follow as well as to put into practise.
Easy to follow, descriptive. Very helpful! I recently understood a fluent Korean speaker saying he woke up at 7:00 that morning, and was able to respond, only being halfway through the last week of the course.
Prof.Kang taught clearly and her pronunciation is precise. Highly recommend to beginner. But after class U should put a plenty of time on practice to conversance the vocabulary and grammar. Thank you Prof.Kang
It was a very good introduction to the Korean language and helped reinforce things that I had already knew. I really enjoyed the videos and the pace of the course.I would highly recommend the course to anyone.
I am glad I applied for this course. It helped me understand Korean systematically. Short yet efficient. Every lesson is interesting. It would have been better if there was phonetic guide for each vocabulary.
This course helped me more than I thought it would. I wanted to enrich my understanding of the language and the basics, and I wasn't let down. This course and the professor really helped me achieve this goal.
This course is really good for learning Korean language. I improve my Korean skill very well. I can reading, writing and listening Korean greatly. The online course is the best way to study in this situation.
By far one of the best courses I've ever attended. It would be great if the courses taught other aspects of the language such as past tense and future tense. I liked the way information was delivered, though.
This course gives you a good foundation to build on and combines all aspects of learning the language, from listening practice, to speaking, reading and writing. It teaches essential basics of korean grammar.
The course has been structured really well, it makes learning a new language like Korean seem less daunting. If a person is committed towards learning sincerely they can learn it with the help of this course
It was a very nice experience learning Korean. I really learn the basics in Korean and was able to produce some words in Korean. Although it is still very "class study" for me, but practice makes it perfect!
it was wonderful course, I actually have already knowledge about Korean Language, but thanks for those course I can surely say that I have a basic knowledge with Korean, hope I will study in Korea. Thank you
Really nice lessons, helpful handouts, and quizzes that make me feel like I am improving bit by bit instead of just studying to pass. If you're interested in beginning Korean, I really recommend this course!
The course is nicely built, and the pace of the lessons are quite challenging to follow. Professor Seung Hae Kang guides the course in a fantastic way that makes it easier to comprehend. Highly recommended!
this course it's good for who doesn't learn the Korean language before. The teacher's accent is very easy to listen and there is an English subtitle to make sure that students won't have a misunderstanding.
Thank you Professor for this helpful learn. Though I already learnt Basic Korean but since it's been a long time ago, now I feel like refreshing this course. I hope there will be next part of Korean course.
This course has been very beneficial for me, I tried to learn Korean on my own but it was difficult because I had no bases but with what I learned here I can now understand the language more easily.Thanks!
This was a short but very informative course. Maybe it was a little bit easier for me because I can speak Japanese, and the structure of sentences in Korean is very similar.The teacher speaks very clearly.
The videos and material help me, not only to learn hangoul, also can learn about pronunciation, grammar and vocabulary that i can use in differents places and times. Also know about korean culture,  Thanks
It was good to learn step by step together with the teacher. Though I feel need to learn more vocabulary to be able to speak fluently. At least I am able  to read and understand the basic now. Nice course.
The content is very suitable for beginner of Korean language and culture. I learned Korean by myself some years ago and I used this course mainly for review. The exercise and the material are very helpful.
For all K-pop and K-drama fans,This course is the best portal to understand everyday korean, read hallyu star names, drama air dates and even write your own name! What are you waiting for? Get started!! :)
I am giving this course a 5 star rating because it is a well structured course where everything builds on previously taught lessons and the material is presented in such a way that it is easily understood.
Very helpful! it is basically everything you need to know to write and speak korean as a beginner, you have to do a lot of practice on your own tho, that is the only way to fully learn.  Love the program.
This course is very easy to understand and follow. As a fan of K-dramas, I am familiar with a lot of words in the lessons. I got to learn the basics of forming sentences here and understand their meaning.
This short course is very helpful to beginners who are interested in Korean language..the professor also follows smooth ways to teach us in a good manner..i really appreciate it..thanks YONSEI UNIVERSITY!
Videos are well made and easy to understand. I love how the mixture of drawing and real people are used. A variety of quizzes is also very useful. I love it! Wish I could continue into the upper course ^^
So much fun about learning Korean. I have learned a lot about vocabs, the conversation about many situations. I learned basic Korean before. But this course gives me a lot. 저는 온라인 배우해요. 너무 제밌어요. 사랑해요 선생님.
really great class to cover the basics and fundamentals of korean! Kang Seung-Hye seonsaengnim goes into the details of grammar and is very clear and concise with her content, as expected from yonsei heh.
i like this course so much. Have alot of words and conversations.I undersant a lot of things that i was hearing from korean drama i wasn't know waht the difference between words that looks like each other
It's really a very helpful course. A lot nuances  of korean grammar and pronanciation became clear to me.  And the teatcher is absolutely charming! Thank you so much!  I hope the next level will follow =)
The course is very helpful. Thanks so much for giving this free course for us. It helps me to know more about Korean and I am now more interested in it and will participate in other courses in the future.
The easiest way to learn Korean for beginners! Very easy to follow and I learnt so much from the lessons prepared. I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested to learn a basic Korean lesson.
This course provides clear explanation, especially on the pronunciation, it certainly is an important aspect on learning a language and this course is spot on. Thank you for making this course available.
It's a really great option to learn Korean, the explanations are clear and understandable, the videos are simple and concise, it was a very good experience learning from this course. Thank you so much!!!
IT WAS A REALLY NICE EXPERIENCE LEARNING A NEW LANGUAGE THAT IS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT FROM MINE, I REALLY LOVED LEARNING THIS BEAUTIFUL LANGUAGE EVERY WEEK.
THANKS FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO LEARN FOR FREE...
The course is easily to understand and learn because of simplicity yet precise presentation of the instructor. I can master all the skill needed in this course by repeatedly practice the learnings given.
I learned so many things in this course. I really enjoyed every single class and it help me to understand  the korean sentence patterns. It cleared all the doubts I had before taking this course. 감사합니다!!
Teacher Hae Kang was the best at teaching. Each class was properly explained and the writing, gramar and pronunciations rules were completely clear.Excelente job teacher and Thank you for your hard work.
This is very informative and helpful course for the beginners.Thank you for offering such kind of courses. I wish if you can start this kind of courses for intermediate and advanced level Korean as well.
It was very helpful, thanks to this course now I'm able to read, write, speak and understand some korean.The teacher also explains it very good and detailed, so thank you for your lessons Seung Hae Kang.
This was very helpful for me because i was so confused with pronunciations. This course provided all the basic aspects of learning a language (reading,writing,speaking and listening). Thank you so much.
The course was full of vocabulary words to help students learn how to communicate basic conversations. The topics discussed were well presented and their corresponding exercises were challenging enough.
It's a great course. You will earn Korean little by little and practice to remember all the consonants and vowels.It's very good for beginner. All the materials are easy to read and take a note.Thanks !
I am glad that I found this course online, it gives really detailed teaching with reading materials, also love doing the tests. Hope there is more Korean classes and other languages classes in Coursera.
My very first time learning Korean language. I am very exciting to practise with my Korean friend and will visit Seoul, South Korea soon after this virus pandemic over to speak with local Korean people.
Thank you so much, I do enjoy the lesson. My favorite is the pronunciation part which helps me a lot to listen and understand native speaker as well as produce the words myself during speaking practice.
This course is very easy to understand and just around 10-20 minutes per day so it's easy to catch up with the lesson and review them. I also like the pronunciation part in this course , really helpful!
I am glad to learn with Coursera and it really helps me to improve my Korean language. Course syllabus, reading materials, exams, lectures were up to the standards and support to improve the knowledge.
I learned to write and read the Korean alphabet and also answered questions about the days of the week and things in everyday life.
Thank you!
The teacher is really good. I learned a lot thanks to her.
the best experience, because you learn basic, you also learn how to formulate questions, how the verbs and sentences are made, it's really a great experience! i hope there is a second part! thank you!!
I enjoyed each lesson. One day I just was looking information about the Korean Language and then I arrived here and I loved it. If you want to learn the base of the Korean Language is perfect to you!!!
It's a really a helpful course if you want to learn Korean for a first time. To speak fluently, well... Have to practice over and over again, especially if you are not using the language in daily life.
It was easy to understand. Learning new words and exercise about the thing we just learned made it easy to remember. I really enjoyed the way the teacher teached. Thank you very much for your efforts.
I Loved learning with coursera an younsei university , it seemed hard but the way of teaching and easy and interesting way of presenting the matter made it easy for me to learn , thank you  so much !!
This is an amazing course for someone who has no idea of Hangul! I understand quite a bit now and can even skip reading sub-titles for a few sentences while watching K-dramas.I had a great experience!
I enjoyed every video from this course, the topic from these courses is very easy to understand too! thank you so much for the chance to learn at Yonsei University even I'm not a student from there..
The professor in this class was clear and easy to understand! I really appreciated the time spent on pronunciation and I feel like I have a good foundation to move on to more in-depth Korean courses.
I loved it! As a starter in the language, I could manage to learn the basics! And I love how they start teaching the pronunciation, so you just have to worry about making sentences later. I loved it!
It's a very much informational course for me because I am very interested in learning Korean language so thank you so much yonsei university for introducing this course to us. Really Reallu Thankfull
This course is simple and useful. Also, the instructor is very good at teaching. I enjoy learning Korean language and Korean cultures and  I am very happy with my progress so far. Highly recommended!
I loved this course because was easy to learn. The teacher and her way to explain is amazing. You need to practice for your own to don't forget but all the material is available to download. Loved it
This course was an amazing introduction to the Korean language. I now fully understand Korean hangeul. I can also introduce myself, talk about my day and even ask question in Korean. Gamsahamnida!!!
I don't know korean language at all in the beginning, but now I think I understand  a little bit. If I study and practice more, I'm sure I'll do better.  This course's really helpful. Thanks a lot..
It has been a fun learning experience and I look forward to studying more Korean.  I appreciate the thought and efforts on how this course was outlined by Yonsei University taught by Professor Sang.
it's easy to understand and for kdrama lovers it's not too hard because some words are already quite familiar. but I really happy finally I understand how to read and use korean numbers! thank you:)
A very informative session which taught me a lot. Ma'am explained everything thoroughly. I'm thankful to her for teaching. Thank you so much Ma'am. It made me fall in love with Korean once again. ❤️
This course really teaches me how to learn Korean for the beginner. Also, the speaker has excellent pronunciation both for Korean and English. Therefore I could understand the question well enough.
My aim was to learn basic phrasal expressions and greeting , hence I enrolled in this course but through this course ,I ended up learning more. The videos and notes are very helpful .강승 해 교수님 감사합니다
These lessons were very helpful for me to learn the Korean language which I was curious to know. I am very delighted to learn a new language. Also, it helps to spend my quarantine time very nicely.
The lectures were easy to understand and follow; The additional notes and exercises were useful to reiterate the content that was taught in the lecture. Definitely a course worth the time to study!
I had Learn to Speak Korean 1 at first. Then I paused that class,  followed this one. I think this class is really the first step Korean before getting into other classes.   I like the teacher too!
I like this course. As a beginner, I always found it hard to remember all the Korean characters(or parts). But through this step by step process, I gradually get more familiar with them. Thank you!
Easy to learn with this course. The instructor made it understandable  for me to get the words and letters of the Korean language. I highly recommend this curse for those who want to learn Korean!
This is a useful course for starters to get used to with Korean. The course provided me a basic knowledge before my further study about Korean, it's also organized in a simple structure to follow.
this course was fanstastic and very interest, the teacher is very good explaning and i really liked all classes. thank you soo much for all. And i hope can travel to korea someday for study korean
it would be more use full if sentence formation in general is also included in the course or another extended course be done by the university. overall i learnt a lot and thank you for the course.
This course change my perception about the Korean Language. I  got to know about the history involved in its creation which made me feel more motivated and exicited to keep learning and improving.
This is a very good course, even when I was in 0 in Korean I could understand everything perfectly because of the good explanations and the good material. This has been a very pleasant experience.
I knew Korean Language since I like their dramas, K-wave but its hard fot me to understand or how to speak a Korean Language. This course help me much to know a basic conversations in daily life.
The course if really complete and helpful, but I think it would be better if the lecture notes had the answers to practice examples that they have so we can know that we are doing the work right.
I really love this course. For me this course is not too difficult, can finish it in short period. Also clear and  easy to understand. This course motivates me to continue studying Korean more !!
I really like the way of Miss Kang Seung Hae's teaching! Thank you so much for providing beginner lessons to those who are interested to learn the Korean language like me! 정말 고맢습니다 선생님 그리고 연세대학교!
Thank you for all the work you've put into creating this course. It's been a pleasure to me to learn about basic sentence structures and vocabulary in Korean. Hope to see other lessons in future!
The exercises helped me a lot to reinforce what was reviewed in each unit, and the tests for each level are useful enough to be able to tackle what has been learned. I really enjoyed the course.
I recommend, the sensational experience course thanks very much for teaching me everything about Korean Taught by: Seung Hae Kang. thanks very much :-) I hope to learn more until I become fluent
I really enjoyed studying the course as I really wanted to start learning Korean and learn more about the language and culture.The instructor was very helpful and explained everything very well.
I really appreciate all the work that was done in order to create this course. I got a good idea of numbers usage and basic structures and even pronunciation. A course of a great use! Recommend.
Until now everything is very well explained. It's like you were in the elementary school learning from the beginning until you go on and on. Great course I must say. Thank you Yonsei University.
The perfect beginner's course for learning the basics! Explanations are clear and easy to understand. You should definitely go through this course if you would like to begin your Korean journey!
Thank you for Yonsei University, Professor Seung Hae Kang, and of course Coursera. This course really amazing, all of the course given really clear. I like the way the professor give the course
I recommend this course for someone who wants to know Korean but doesn't have any experience yet. He teaches you started from the basic Korean alphabet until making a simple sentence. Thank you
Excellent course for beginners and building of Korean linguistic foundation. Highly recommend this course to individuals who have an interest in and picking up the Korean language from scratch.
This was great as a first glimpse to what the language comprehends, I learned what I wanted which was to understand pronunciation of the Korean alphabet and a handful of conversational phrases.
Easy to follow and very informative. The professor did a great job at teaching and I'm sure that with this course and some self-study, anyone can get a basic understanding of how hangul works.
Thank you for providing this course :) I learned basic Hangul previously so by joining this course is like a revision to me and also I learned new things. I really hope to learn more from you.
This course is good, it helps me to learn basic Korean from 0 until basic in daily life. I can understand that Korean also similar to Chinese and Japanese. Thank you so much Yonsei University.
Thank you for the couse. This is so usefull to me. Now I can read Hangeul and understand basic conversation in Korean. I will practice the conversation repeatedly to become more fluently.고맙습니다
Thank you so much sonsaengnim. Teacher taught Korean in the easy-to-understand way. I understand more about the number in Korean because I was confused a lot about this but you made it easier.
I have learned many Korean knowledge from this course. The teacher describes all parts so clearly. Thank you for having this course for foreigner who love to learn Korean language and culture.
Quick and simple course. The notes are very helpful. Videos can be downloaded to conveniently view on my long commutes to work with public transport. Teacher is clear and works at a good pace.
I really like this course because I thought that I Will never understand the lenguaje but I learn to fast how to pronounce it.And it was so easy to understand greeting form Mexico Thank you!!
This course makes for a very strong foundation for beginners; especially with pronunciation. I feel like I can build on the fundamentals to work my way up to more advanced speaking from here.
This course is amazing. Very interesting and informative. This is a very good start for students who would like to learn Korean. Thank you very much for providing this valuable course online.
thank you for make this course, special thanks to teacher Kang Seunghae, Yonsei Uni. and Coursera for this. when i'm learning, i'm happy with it bcs i want to learn for a long time. thank you
it is an excellent way to start in korean learning world, thank you so much!Es un excelente curso para empezar a estudiar Coreano, se tiene que hacer mucho autoestudio. Gracias por el recurso
This course is very helpful and quite interesting. Learning is fun and it's really nice to know that one can manage pretty well to a certain extent in Korea just after finishing this course.
The course was easy to follow and it gave a lot of great examples. The instructor's lectures were simple and broke down what could've been complicated concepts into more accessible features.
I am so glad to complete the course. This course helps me to upgrade my Korean Language skills specially in pronunciation. Thanks to course teacher and her team for making the course useful.
I had little to none knowledge at all about korean language and now thanks to this course I'm able to continue learning it, since this has allowed me understand the basics of korean grammar.
This course was very easy to follow, but challenging enough to make you think. Professor Seung Hae Kang was very encouraging and thorough in her lessons. I really enjoyed taking this course.
I love how the Professor takes her time to explain the details of Korean language and how to use it in everyday life. I'm new to this language and it really helps me understand the language.
Thank you for a wonderful course. I am amazed at how much information is packed into this five-week course! I hope that this wonderful instructor will offer additional courses in the future.
I really like the course, it helps me to improve my korean language, especially the pronunciation. But for me it is a little bit too slow, but over all it is super amazing course. 감사합니다 교수님
This was my first course I've ever completed! I am very grateful to all who created this course and especially to the teacher, who made the process of learning very easy and comprehensible.
I really enjoyed learning Korean Language. I'm thankful to the Yonsie University and Coursera for providing this opportunity. It not only is beneficial but an interesting language to learn.
Thank you . The course was very helpful in learning korean and now after practice I am able to speak the basic introduction and basic sentences . Its level is high and require time to learn
This is my first time of learning Korean. This course is a very good start for foreign learners who want to study Korean. The teacher can explain the lessons clearly and easy to understand.
Thank you for giving me another platform to learn Korean and I realize that Korean is not as easy as I thought. I will make sure to visit Yonsei University when I visit Korea in the future.
It's excellent, really a like a lot this course is of many help, thanks to it I know more about korean language.Thanks so much. You are doing a great work. 'well done' like the teacher say.
Thank you for giving me this chance to study and improve my Korean it's  so helpful for foreigners to learn the Korean language hope all the best for you , you're doing a great job 수고했어요 ^^
I think it´s a perfect way to begin your Korean language studies. The media is really well made and you end up with a solid base for more advanced lessons. I totally recommend this course!
Thanks for having this online tutorial. Made me learn basic Korean I will use it with my favorite Korean idols. I will try to practice consistently.  It will be great if you have Thai Sub.
Very useful course for beginner, like me, who did not know anything about Korean language. This course provides materials with lecture videos and quizzes reasonably and it's easy to follow
This course really helped me understand the Korean language better. This is a course that's easy to get into, and you are carefully taken through each unit with great learning experiences!
This was super good course. I have learnt korean language in very professional way. Now I can speak write and understand the basic korean. Thankyou for this opportunity Yonsei university.
Is a really good Curse, I learn so much... ofcourse I need to practice, but the way they present the themes are great and very understandable. Thank you so much for give us a free course.
This is a perfect course for starters! It doesn't focuses too much on rules or grammar but on actual basic conversations. Also focuses on the Hangul writing system through the first week.
This course is well organized so that that anyone can easily start learning Korean. It focuses on more than the language but also the cultural aspects. I was very please with this course.
The instructor was very good in explaining every detail I need to learn about the Korean language. Notes were also complete, it helped throughout the weeks that I was studying the course.
This was really informative. The vocabulary, the transformation of words, pronounciations, root words, new words too. I really give to them. You guys did a great job putting this together
I actually learned a lot, a like that you can learn at your own time and the teacher explains really good. If you want yo learn Korean a think this is a good start to know all the basics.
I love this course because it help me improve my Korea language  and l understand everything in this course l love Korea language but l can speak a little bit ,I gonna practice every day.
I think this course was great and I really enjoyed. It helped me understand Korean grammar better and while I continue to learn Korean, I hope to do another course from Yonsei University.
I really enjoy the course, i see my self improving a lot with those classes, so Im very thankful and can´t wait to finish this one to start the next  course level of Yonsei University *-*
Easy to understand in this course And I get a lot of knowledge.There are parts that I not understood but very few.Thank you. I hope I can practice my skill and know about korean more. :)
Teacher’s explanations are very simple and effective. Actually this is my very first time taking online course and I enjoy it. Next I’m gonna join another course from Yonse Uni.  Thanks!
This course is very good. It's very easy to understand the lecture, study and practice at the same time. Hopefully there will be the 2nd course for Korean study. I really enjoy learning.
Best for the very beginner even I who know nothing can learn!!! Good described (so cleary and easy to understand), Good example and video also not too long. Very Very Good. I love it! :D
안녕하새요,나는 켈리 야. I really liked this free curse, it was super helpful. I wanted to learn how to speak the basic and I got even more from this curse. I´m glad that you made this. 대단히 감사합니다.
This such an amazing and informative site to learn. I really enjoyed my First Step Korean course alot here.  I will defiantly stay in touch with this site and will do some other courses.
This course is very helpful in understanding the base of Korean language. The teacher teaches everything very well and clearly. I'm very happy with the outcome of this course. Thank you
The way of teaching is interesting it allows us to study and learn the Korean language when  we have time .I would like there to be another unit to learn more about the Korean language.
I find it very easy to learn korean language. Thanks to songsengnim. The pronunciation practice makes a huge difference what i knew before taking the course. Thanks again. kamsahamnida.
This course helped me learn how to read Hangeul. Very easy to understand. One just has to practice a lot to have a good grasp of the language. Thank you, Coursera and Yonsei University!
i love the fact that the course is simple to follow and helped me learn how to read and write Hangeul in one week! thank you prof  Seung Hae Kang, for your clear instructions, 노무 감사하구여.
Very thorough and understandable. A very interesting step by step guide on words, sentence structures and pronunciation. Highly recommended to anyone who wants to start learning Korean.
A highly recommendable beginning course to learn Korean efficiently. Throughout the course, I learnt to correctly pronounce each character and make simple conversation about daily life.
I really liked the dinamic of the classes and how the teacher esplained everything, If there is another class I can take from this university and this language I will definitely do it.
I am very happy , i learned to read and write in Korean. I am sure this will help me a lot in my future as a language teacher. I held on with my studies in Korean. Thank you very much.
This is a good course. This make me understand basic Korean language and can use basic conversation in daily life. I will learn more and try to improve it. Thank you very much.  감사합니다.
Thanks for all, but I want to more, please continue learn us, I´ve learned a lot of korean language and i don´t want to lose everything learn it.I hope soon, again.Greetings from Perú.
Excellent course! Everything was broken down, making the learning process very simple. I absolutely loved the teacher, and I can now happily speak Korean with a little more confidence.
that was an incredible and lovely experience for me. i learned korean and enjoyed it at the same time. honestly couldn't ask for a better course. thank you so much for your hard work!
Thank you for this course and opportunity. I've learned many things about Korean from this course and more understanding. You've described it so clearly and also have many vocabulary.
This course is very useful for me who is the beginners to learning in Korean language. If you interested in Korean language you should enroll this course now!! Keep fighting everyone.
This course makes me knowing about how Korean language would be, how to speak and how to pronounce the words. I am so impressive with this course. Thank you for teaching me very much.
It's the great opportunity for me to started learning a new language. This is my second time going the coursera lesson. Hope to enjoy it again next time. Thank you so much, Teacher :)
This course is very good for a beginner like me. It's easy to understand. The teacher's English is very good. And the lecture notes help me a lot to understand and practice my Korean.
Lessons are well broken down to a simple learning pace. Pronunciation and vocabulary sections are particularly helpful to not only learn to write, but speak basic korean proficiently.
This course is very beneficial, especially during the COVID19 quarantine. Also, this is a great opportunity to study Korean and get a certificate for free. Thank you so much, teacher.
Very good for beginners. The pace was perfect to be able to keep up with the teacher and repeat the phrases and also accumulate the information (especially the vocabulary). Thank you.
Thank you for spending your valuable time in creating this course. This is very much helpful for beginners like me. However, there are some Graded Quizzes that needs thorough review.
It was amazing! I can say that I feel a lot more comfortable with the language and can now learn more :) It was really helpful and a great way to start my Korean learning path! 고맙습다!
Quite a useful course. Structured so that it's easy to understand and flexible so that ou can keep up with it. Definitely would recommend to anyone wanting to learn Korean from zero.
i found this course very helpful. i learned the basic rules plus vocabulary which is a big help to someone who doesn't know the language. i would recommend this course to my friends.
I loved this course. The teacher is absolutely good and was so easy to follow the entire course :)I reccommend this course to everyone loves korean language and culture ;)
감사합니다!! :D
i really enjoyed studying in this course. I learned a lot of things in just 5 weeks. But this is just the beginning. I strongly recommend this course. The teacher explains so clear.
Through this course,I learned the basic pronunciation of korean.And how to introduce myself in korean and carry out basic communication.I also learned a lot of about Korean culture.
the videos were comprehensive and well explained with appropriate focus on pronunciation and grammar. the pdf files were also quite helpful. it was an excellent learning experience.
it's a well-developed course. Its structure goes from easy to hard. I likes the way in which the teacher explains and gives us time to pronounce and make the practice moments. 감사합니다
This course was amazing and easy to understand. My first encounter with Korean and i can easily identify and read words and sentences. Thanks to the instructor, she did a great job!
finally, finish this course in less than 1 month. I love the course and appreciate given the chance to learn this course. The course content is good and understandable for beginner
Professor Kang is very good at explaining things. She also highlights where foreigners usually have problems with. She also gives some words to boost the confidence of the learner.
It good for me who don't know any Korean. Teacher speaks clearly and easy to understand. Now i can read some Korean words and understand some sentence. This course is very helpful.
it very difficult to learn but professor can make it easy. thank you so much.I still feel a little confused with some content. But I will try to study, practice, and keep learning.
Amazing course, helped me express myself in korean clearly, the pronunciation instructions are very nice as well. I'd recommend it to anyone who's interested in the korean culture.
I have learned the basics of what I don't really understand though I'm still struggling with the sounds of pieup, ssang sieot, ssang kieuk etc. but well done. Jeongmal kamsahamnida
This course has a detailed and very clear explanation and you can understand it easily. I highly recommend this for people who is passionate to learn the Korean language like I do.
thank you, this is recommended course for those who wants to learn basic korean language. great explanation from the instructor makes me easy to understand and follow the lessons.
I never knew learning the Korean language would be this easy and fun despide the big amount of vocabulary and grammatical rules. Thank You very much for this wonderful experience!
The course is designed succinctly, clearly and easily to approach as a newbie of Koran learner. The PRONUNCIATION part is always mentioned detailedly and love the lecturer. 감사합니다.
It was very helpful with everything to learning how to read the letters, how to say the numbers, how to speak formally, etc. I hope I will learn more Korean thanks to this course.
With the help of Seung Hae Kang Ma'am and Younsei University, now I'll be able to understand, read and write Hangeul, a language which has fascinated me for a very long time now.
Thank you Ms.Seung Hae Kang. You're the best tutor which i have ever had. So thank you for Organisators Coursera. You did good job for all students, teenagers in quarantine time!
I'm a big fan of korean dramas so was interested in learning the language this course did help a lot. now i'm not very fluent but can definitely speak and understand the language
its an honor to had a study Korean language in this quarantine time! Then, I understand to read and speak in Korean conversation, such as time, hangul, and daily life. Thank you!
From this course, I learnt basic Korean language . The professor is very good in explaining to students. Lecture notes are very clear and helpful to me. Thank you for everything.
This couse very helpful for people who just starting to studying in Korean. Teacher speak clearly make easier to listening. Thank you very much for oppotunity to learning Korean.
It was really useful. I still practice to be able to get it better it should be an option to be able to speak and share with another person due that it is hard to practice alone.
This course is so good for beginner students who want to learn Korean. I got more Korean skills in this course. Thank you so much to teacher Seung Hae Kang to teach me. Nice one!
Very complete and I believe as a starting point it was really good. The videos explain thing good and I had almost no questions at all when watching them. Really good teacher :)
This course help me so much. Now I can write, read and pronounce basic korean and I can tell the time, day, year in korean. If I go to South Korea I can basiccly talk to people.
Through this course, I learned how to make sensible Korean phrases and correct pronounciation of each words. This course is clear, simple, and understandable even for beginners.
This course is very helpful and very detailed. I learned proper pronunciation and it is clearly explained how and why it's pronounced like that. Now I  understand more korean 😊
This course is very helpful in understanding the korean language. It is a great course to start learning korean language. The course is short but detailed and helpful. Thank you
Very helpful and easy to follow. Learned a lot of vocabulary words and proper usage. Hopeful to continue learning the Korean language. Kamsahamnida, Seung Hae Kang seonsaengnim.
This is really good course. If you are beginner, this course is good for you. I can read and write in Korean bc of this course and ofc you have to practice after your study too.
It is really helpful and easy to study, but I feel like I will need more practice for pronunciation. I really hope the pronunciation course would be elongated and more detailed.
Great introduction to the Korean language, with supplementary videos and dialogues. This course also incorporates handy PDF files with vocabulary and reviews of all the lessons.
Hello! I'm Yunita. This Korean course really helps me to understand more. I really appreciate it. Hopefully, my Korean language getting increase as soon as possible. Thank you!
Some vocabulary seen in the test was not in the video lesson. However, overall I think I gained a lot from this course. I definitely am able to understand more of the language.
I really enjoyed the way the course was build. I found the very first lessons super interesting and it motivated me enough to finish the course. Thank you for your awesome job.
It was an amazing time learning Korean with this course. It was short and precise which made it easy to learn and understand. It is very well made for the beginners. Thank you.
Thank you for making this course! As my first Korean class, it did a good job challenging me and the work was enjoyable. The teacher really motivated me to learn. Gamsahamnida!
I am beginner for Korean language and join this course last two weeks ago and got some knowledges and Korean cultures. The best courses for beginners and really appreciate it.
I enjoyed this course so much, and learned a lot! I do think the last two weeks move very fast, but the overall pace of the course was fine for a hard-working student. 고맙습니다 !
Very suitable for a Korean beginner. I personally do not have any problems catching on with the lessons. Would love to learn more advanced Korean class from Yonsei University!
Through this course, I fully understand the basics in the Korean language that will help me in the future to widen my vocabulary and skills. Thank you so much for this course!
This is amazing course for beginners. The syllabus is organized perfectly. If you are looking for a course to start your Korean learning journey , I highly recommend this one.
I truly learned a lot from this course! It was easy to manage too! I'm, not really good with real school but this class was very fun for me and I wish they had more available!
I am very happy to be a part of Coursera  it is simple to learn  and catch up with lesson ... It also really help to improve my basic Korean language ... Lets keep learning...
very grateful to have experienced this course I learnt  a lot and benefited to the utmost I wish there was more but i am grateful for what i was able to obtain from the course
It's a really good course.  It will be helpful for beginners to make a real First Step in Korean. And also for more advanced learners to review what they have already learned.
Highly recommend this course to those who want to learn basic Korean. The materials are easy to follow and the exercises or quizzes help a lot in improving our Korean skills.
I loved this course! It was easier than i thought it would be considering i did not know anything about the korean language to begin with. Ms. Kang is a really great teacher!
I enjoyed absolutely everything about the course. From the Professor's explanations to the excercises to review, everything is amazing quality and I felt like a true student!
Highly user-friendly and intuitive. Easily one of the best MOOCs I've come across. Well done! as Ms. Seung Hae Kang herself would put it.P.S.: 
Wish there was a sequel to it.
Course was really good and very much understandable. It was so helpful to study korean And so  happy to get classes of Assistant Professor Seung Hae Kang. Thank you so much.
Very good structure for learning. I actually enjoyed and learned more from this course than a number of others that I have taken. I look forward to the next one. Thank you..
The lectures were mild mannered and unhurried, and very informative. Gives an insight into the language and therein builds our comprehension. A very intuitive study program.
This was an amazing course to be offered for free!  I was glad to pay to get the certificate.  The platform is very easy to navigate through, and the instruction is amazing.
was really satisfied with the quality of teaching. I am now able to understand the basic words and  can easily read and write them. thank you so much for such course content
The lecturer was awesome and made it easy for me to understand concepts I didn't understand when I took a beginner's course at the Korean Cultural Centre in my country.고맙습니다
I would like to thank you for this course, especially our instructor Seung Hae Kang from Yonsei university and i enjoyed the course and the quiz . I appreciate your efforts.
I really liked this course because I learned the basic korean very well and I hope that can will open another course of korean for learn more about this interesting language
I like this course. It is good for having a good start with korean language. I especially like the quizzes, they are made thoroughly. Thank you, dear authors of this course!
A great online course to learn Korean for complete beginners. Clear and efficient with excellent quizzes and tools to learn the language better. Overall, five stars indeed.
I was a bit of an advanced learner, but I can see how this would really help the learners that are just starting out! I do wish the quizzes were a bit more dynamic, though.
Everything is explained nicely and in details. I had some problems with numbers, but that just meant that I need more practice. I wish there was a more advanced course too.
It's a great way to first learn the Korean language in an online platform. I guess I can now understand the language and write basic sentences with the help of this course.
one of the best courses i've ever .... they only time i was able to write and read hangul . thank u professor seung hae keung , thank u yonsei  university . thanks coursera
Hi! This course is very helpful, I had learned the Korean Language before, but after finishing this course I feel like I learned so much more. Thank you so much! 감사합니다 교수님!
The explanations were simple and clear. Though it was an introductory class, I wish it had more listening exercises. I truly enjoyed it and now I am taking the next course.
Suitable for those who want to start learning Korean. Teaching and lecture well I received new knowledge. And when I go to Korea I can read and speak Can follow the lesson.
amazing.   teaching approach and class structure made me grasp the language like no other program or app i have tried before.   so happy i invested in this course.   Thanks
Great and helpful course. Easy to understand even for non-native English speakers. Recommended if you are new to this language but require a bit more practice after lesson.
Very good for starting from zero! I recommend writing everything you see on screen in terms of vocab and scripts, the writing practice helps with retention and readability.
I found the way the professor taught the course materials was very effective. She taught so many useful words that are useful in daily conversations. Love this class a lot!
This course is incredible, I learned a lot, I love it, I think it is the best choice to learn the basics of Korean! Thank you teacher Seung Hae Kang and Yonsei University!
The teachers taught very well.  Use language that is easy to listen to.  Including various pronunciation  Allowing people who do not have the basics to learn by themselves
An excellent course for beginners to learn about the basic features of Korean language. Highly recommended to anyone looking to start off their journey of learning Korean.
I have learned basic Korean and how to apply it in daily life. I also gain more vocabulary during the course and it helps improve my pronunciation as well. appreciate that
It was a brilliant course, easy to understand and follow and gives the foundations for personal growth in the language. I'm sure it'll be hard to find a course to beat it!
This lesson is so good for person who begin to study Korean language like me. Thank you for your kind that open the course for us. Thank you very much,Prof.Seung Hae Kang.
This course has been extremely helpful in aiding me for my embassy examination for Korean Stage 1. Very informative and the lecturer is experienced and great in teaching !
I really really enjoyed learning Korean here. It was a great start for my Korean learning journey I believe. Thank you so much ma'am. It was an honor to be taught by you.
I love learning languages and Korean language was a challenge for me , I developed some abilities studying it. I recommend cousera for giving us this oportunity to learn.
The lessons conducted in this course is well-structured, making it easy to understand. The notes provided are very good for practice and it makes it easier to refer back.
I've tried many different programs to learn Korean and this is by far the best and easiest way for me to learn. I definitely plan to take another course through Coursera!
I would yo thank all the group and the professor who prepared this fantastic course. I'm a french professor I really noticed that we are important for You. Thanks so much
The course is good for beginner. But for foreigner like me , I want to see the pronunciation because I say what I hear but I'm not sure that I say the right pronunciation
This course is very good for someone who want to learn Korean from beginning, the instructor also explain it carefully so the student will understand the course perfectly
If you follow their steps, you will definitely be able to speak korean in daily life. It contains many PDF lectures to help me with self-study. Love this program,Really!!
I really enjoy the VDO learning tools. It was prepared well, ordering the Korean lessons step by step. It is easy to practice and revise all lessons by myself. Thank you.
It is really easy to understand the explanation given. I truly recommended this course to others who want to learn Korean Language but don't have time to enroll in class.
I liked it a lot, it was difficult at first, but when you get used to it it becomes easier. It's a good way to start learning about this language. For me it was fabulous.
The materials were easy to get a grasp on and  the way 해강씨 (I hope I spelled it correctly) taught was understandable and interesting. An overall extremely helpful course.
This course is the solid first-step to learn Korean for everyone. I will recommend my friends who want to learn Korean should enroll this course to start to learn Korean.
I really felt like I learned. Everything was explained so clearly and it helped me advance, especially in the basic grammar aspect to which I had always gotten stuck on.
Easy to follow, pacing is just right. Will need to go back to some module, but for a basic language course, you'll really get a lot from following the module. 감사합니다 선생님!
Excellent course....I am happy I took it...I only wish I could practice with someone....but I am still happy to know that I can say hello my name and thank you...... <3
Good course providing complete Korean writing, reading and listening basic skills. I wish there are more useful sentences about traveling and tourism in Korean language
First Step Korean is indeed a very interesting course. I started as a total beginner and now I can communicate at a basic conversational level.First Step Korean 재미있어요!!
I'm thankful to my God that I have gain lot of benifits from my instructers and from yonsei university.And this course will be helpful fo getting a job in South Korea.
The course was very nice. The teaching was perfect and i did not have any problem to understand what the teacher was teaching. I enjoyed the course very much.Thank you
Best course for the beginners. Actually this course is suitable for everyone who want to study language for any purpose and the course is easy to follow and understand
This course is amazing!! I've learned a lot and now i will use it in my daily life Insha-Allah Thank you Coursera for making it easier and fun i really appreciate it !
The lecturer was so instructive, and has shown her passion in teaching Korean language to Foreigners. 정말 감사합니다!Cannot wait to see Second Step Korean ready on Coursera!
This was a good introduction to 한글 (Hangul) and 한국어 (Korean). I believe that it prepared me well for Learn to Speak Korean 1 and I started that course with confidence.
Very well done as introductory course, easy to follow and detailed in the explanations. Helpful for whom wants to get closer to the Korean language for the first time.
Thank you so much for the course. Really help me to comprehend a bit of Korean. Please open the advance class to continue this lesson. Would love to enrol. Thank you.
Excellent for beginners! I had studied Korean language 6 years ago and I wanted to retake where I had left on. This course was perfect for me and I learned even more!
I really learn a lot of new words and language. It's amazing! will practices more and will get better. Everything are very clear to listen and learn. I love it. 감사합니다
Very good course, very complete and handles essential topics in addition to providing a lot of vocabulary. I hope you can expand the course or handle other languages.
A really great course for learning Korean when having no knowledge at all. It's easy and good explained. I am glad I did this course and would recommend it to others.
Very patient lecturer. The duration of each sub section is adequate. The pace of lessons are appropriate too. This course deepened my interest in the Korean language.
I enjoy learning throughout the course. The material and the knowledge given are useful and easy to understand. The content are related and can be used in daily life.
This course was my first step towards learning to speak Korean . Thank You Yonsei University.The course was really good and the additional vocabulary helped me a lot.
Good for a basic introduction to Korean. But unless this is followed up with part 2 consisting of tenses, grammar and more it hardly scratches the surface on its own.
This course is great for people who don't understand even the simplest words. I plan on moving to South Korea in a few years and this course has definitely helped me.
It is a good course for Korean lovers to start with. There are several episodes per week and it takes only few minutes per episode. Every suitable for commuting time!
Excellent course and great teacher. She teaches very slowly and explains very well everything she says. In no time you can read and write korean in a passable way :-)
The courses were simple and did not capture everything I need to know but this is a great way to head start on my learning of the Korean language. Thank you so much!
I enjoyed studying Korean during this course very much. It was really helpful. You can learn all the basic phrases but of course, you need to practice a lot as well.
very good course, i now know how to read korean. The lecturer is very thorough and explained the courses in a simple but detailed manner making it easy to understand
This is the great course where I can refresh my basic Korean language knowledge. I really enjoy learning. The instructor taught clearly and it is easy to understand.
It was so easy with understanding and good modules.i enjoyed learning and all the smallGraded quizes ..thankuu to yonsei university ..looking forwardformore modules.
A very helpful course. all the assignments and tests make it interesting. the instructor is well skilled and helpful. a best way to learn basic Korean for beginners.
Very helpfull and well organised. As foreigner for both: English and Korean I'm able to practice my skills and to improve my knowlege of Korean. Thank you Professor!
I've learned a lot with this course, the teacher explained very well and I was able to understand everything, thanks for having spanish subtitles, it helped me a lot
This course really helped me learn Korean. Now I am familiar with the Korean alphabets and also the daily conversations. I am so happy I took this course. Thank you
It's my first time to learn Korean. It's easy to understand. Now I can read hangeul (but I can't understand yet) I will practice more and more. Thank you very much.
It was a very good course and the teacher was very professional. We learned a lot from this course. We wish there is a next level so we can learn more. Thanks a lot
This is great for people who wants to learn korean from the basic. And for who has a basic this will fortify your basic and help you in listening and pronunciation.
It’s a good course. I don’t have basic in Korean language but while I learn this course I watch Korean drama I understand a lot of they say. Thank you so very much.
I am so happy i was able to find this course, I have been looking everywhere for one and i finally found one, Thank you Coursera, You have made my life a lot better
I have been trying to learn Korean for years now, and this was so easy to follow. I have a much better grasp on the language and grammar. Thanks Yonsei University!
It was a good refresher for beginners. Is it possible to make this into a series that continues until intermediate or advanced Korean language studies? Keep it up!
Easy to follow and great that all resources can be downloaded. My Korean level is slightly above this already but very useful to refresh, and I still learnt a lot.
The instruction was very well organized and is a great introductory course. The video module explanations were easy to follow and the documents were good practice.
Learning Korean language is a good opportunity, it could help make your career relevant like having a collaborators from Korea. It's easy to have a communication.
It is very useful. Especially the way how the construction of sentence was taught and useful extra vocabularies. I have learned a lot from this course. 고맙슴니다 선생님.
This course is so easy to understand. You can learn it by yourself without being confused. Please do more course as an upgraded from this one. Thank you so much!!
This is the furthest i've gone in a Korean course. The instructor did a good job of explaining sentences structures. The conversation practices were a HUGE help.
Thank you for such great course. The overall course is very great. All contents are clearly explained and it makes easy to learn this language for the beginners.
Hello. Good evening mam/sir . Its my great pleasure to write a review here. Its a fabulous course to learn basic Korean . It makes easy to read and write Korean.
I really enjoyed watching and listening to any korean drama and korean songs. That is why made me came here to learn korean. I really love to learn new language.
I learnt a lot from this course. It is perfect for beginners. The professor was interactive and she explained the concepts very well. I really liked this course.
This is a great online course.They give me a chance ti learn hanguel during my quarantine.If i study korean hard,I think i can speak like native speaker fluently
This course was really helpful, as a beginner it really helped me memorize the Hangul characters.Thanks to this course, now I can read, write and talk in korean.
The tone, speed, and vocabulary used by Kang Seung Hae 선생님  is very clear and precise. I am so delighted that I can now read 한글 and perform a basic conversation.
I am very proud of my achievements and will continue to learn, I am also very grateful to a good and great instructor so this material is very useful, thank you.
Fundamental essential knowledge for studying Korean. I enjoy the environment created by professor for this class. Enjoyable, moderate-paced and learner friendly.
Very extensive course. Very helpful. I will keep reviewing the videos for future use. Helped me build a confidence and learn the basic grammar rules very easily.
Easy to understand, I needed help on transformation of the end of verbs and I think this course helped greatly.  I will spend more time on listening.  Thank you!
THIS COURSE WAS VERY USEFUL TO ME, I CAN  READ AND WRIGHT  THANKS TO COURSERA AND YONSEI UNIVERSITYI HOPE IT WILL AISO HELP MANY OTHERS WHO WANT TO LEARN KOREAN
It was great course for learning Korean as a beginner. I really appreciated the professor's focus on pronunciation. The cultural parts were interesting as well.
I enjoyed the course and learned a lot. It was really interesting to learn new things about the Korean Language. I am thankful to professor Ms. Kang, Seung Hae.
Just finished the Korean course. Although just a beginner level, I am still proud to be able to speak simple Korean. Thank you very much, teacher Seung Hae Kan.
Great course giving a solid grounding in the language. It takes MUCH more time than the estimated 3 hours per week to get the full benefit of the course though.
Absolutely helpful and very well organised. I wholeheartedly thank Prof. Seung Hae Kang for explaining everything so clearly. Thank you so much for this course.
It will be really helpful for those who know Korean basics, but can not understand grammar, prepositions and so on. I really like format of daily conversations.
I'm a little more advanced than the target audience for this course. But it was a really good refresher for me and it really helped me with my listening skills!
i really enjoyed doing this course! Everything was explained and taught very well throughout and i understood everything completely, highly recommend to others!
this course is very helpful and i have learnt a lot. very easy ways and methods to learn Korean and the notes help me a lot i love it. thank you for having this
Easy to follow. The lecture notes is also very helpful if we dont have time to take notes. I also like that we can excercise with simple test in every chapter.
Took this course as a refresher since it has been almost 5 years since I last studied Korean in college. Very easy to understand. I recommend it for beginners.
it was amazing! I was able to take some great notes and I know that this course will help me very much on my Korean language journey. :) Thank you very much!!!
Nice course! I learned so much about korean and his language. The classes are so interesting and informative. The professor is a korean so is very trustworthy!
I love the method of learning, keep it up, but i hope that you added more questions on the quiz so we can improve more. Thank you for the lecturer and her team
Kang SeungHae is a perfect teacher. she speaks fluently and clearly both Korean and English. It is very easy to understand. thank you so much from Thai girl.^^
감사합니다 This course " Korean Language " is very good and well information . It's can use to conversation , translation language and communication with foreigner.
The pace of the course is great for beginners. I really appreciate the lecturer's effort in this module. I highly recommend every beginner to take this course!
Great. I really want to come your university to study in the future. Thanks for your this course.                   저는 앞으로 여러분의 대학에 와서 공부하고 싶습니다. 이 과정에 감사드립니다.
Actually my Korean skill is not fit with this course but it's amazing to remind basic Korean skill with conversation video which happened in Yonsei University!
It was a very helpful start to learning a new language. I will definitely need to practice the lessons to get it down, but now I have the information to start.
I really enjoyed learning Korean with this course. The best is that I could study at my own pace. I am going to continue to the next course of Korean language.
This course is perfect for anyone who is new to Korean. It provides the basics and a lot of material to practice later on your own. Definitely would recommend!
I love this course, it's easy and well structured, perfect to learn basics and pronunciation. Better if you already had a little experience with basic korean.
I'm so happy now that I'll be able to communicate and write in korean.   It's so easy to understand the way teaching.Thank you so much for making this happen.
This course was really well structured and had the right amount of assignments every week. It has definitely helped me grow in my skills and learn new things.
This course is very easy to understand ,and it is suitable for everyone who wants to learn Korean. Teacher is very good . Thank you very much for free course.
This course is super for beginners. The teacher explains everything very clearly. The perfect basis to continue studying Korean! I would recommend this course
Easy to understand with good example, need more practice though which it is depend on each participant itself. Hope there will be another term and more class.
Very helpful and useful! Just wish it was available for longer but it has helped me so much more than any other website I have visited or tried to learn from!
This course was extremely helpful and really taught me more than I thought it would. I would gladly suggest this class to anyone that has the time to take it.
Learning was so easy and lessons were laid out simply for my learning to feel unpressured. I can read and write hangul now plus use simple phrases from memory
It's a really good interactive course where student has the opportunity to learn Korean language with a very  good flow. Really appreciate Dr. Kang's effort.
thank you so much about everythink i think now i knew the basic about korean and can use them to spake with my friend she is a korean thank you so much again
I loved it! Even though I'm still not a fluent speaker, now I can read hangul and understand a lot more!! Thank you so much for providing us this experience.
I enjoyed this curse very mucho. Easy to understand, to follow and explanations are simple.Can use the learned every day and it helps to practice. Thank you,
It is a very nice course for non-korean to learn Korean language.I hope Yonsei University can create more advanced Korean language course for me.Thank you!!!
Excellent method for learning the basic alphabet and vocabulary. I enjoyed it very much, and hope that the instructor will make a follow-up course available.
From this Course i learn how to write and read the hangul words, then it also improve my speaking skill and my understanding to Korean language and culture.
thank you so much yonsei university to give me an opportunity to learn 
first korean. actually, i really enjoy the class, see u next time in another 
class!
It's so amazing how it makes you learn Korean in an easy and helpful way, I finally feel more comfortable and want to keep learning Korean thank you so much
I liked how the lectures where arranged and the teacher explained every detail thoroughly so it was quite easy to understand.. I m glad I chose this course.
Very much helpful for a beginner like me. Professor Kang Sung Hae explained in a very detail manner. Hopefully this course attracts more students to enroll.
I learnt a great deal. The course was designed in a wonderful and easy way and was v accessible. Loved it! Thank you Yonsei University. Thank you Coursera!
I am glad to attend attend and fulfil this course. It is a course which I am looking for. The documents and instructions from the instructor is very clear.
This course is my really first step to learn Korean. The course help me a lot! I'm feel very thankful to my first Korean teacher. Thank you Seung Hae Kang.
This course was very useful, I love korean culture and I'm always watching K-dramas so eventually I got curious about the language and this helped me a lot
I loved it. Is very simple but you can learn so much. Also, the assignments help me to complement my Korean study. Now I is more simple ton talk in Korean.
This course is very useful. Full of information, but still easy to follow. It was a pleasure to study Korean with "First Step Korean". Thank you very much!
This course in great! I already knew a little bit of Korean before this course and i can read Hangul, but this course really helped me refine those skills.
This course help me to improve my Korean skill. And also the quizzes in this course are really fun to do. And I really like the way the professor teaches.
I am glad that I am able to complete this course. It helped me in writing and speaking conversational Korean language within a months' time. Thanks a lot.
hello everyone, my name is Kalena, i am from Colombia, and i started to learned korean 2 months ago and this course was really helpfull to me, i loved it.
The course was really amazing, it helped me clear out so many things about sentence formation that now I'm able to do it on my own. Thank you teacher. :-)
it was a very helpful course. It really made me understand all the basics of Korean and how to communicate. The lesson plans were very helpful. Thank you!
I think i can read and write some word and also can speak with korean people. Also I can asking question and answer when someone ask me in korean language
This course helps me to remember the basic grammar of the Korean language and gave me new advice and easy ways for the comprehension of this new language.
In my case, I already knew korean, so this was an excellent practice. Also I think it was very well explained, I will recommend it to my friends. 감사합니다!!!
The teaching and tutor was great along with notes, all this made learning Korean aka  Hangeul learning as a Foreign language very easy and understandable.
I finally learned all the basics!! I can somewhat understand conversations i overhear from korean tourists here in the Philippines. Very very informative!
Amazing course! the teacher is magnificent. Everything is explained so detailed that I got a good grade :) thank you and I hope you do more of these moocs
This is the easy and funny Korean classes that i can learn by myself and it really useful for me. I will try to improve my Korea skill. Thank you! 감사합니다!
This course has offered me the chance to learn a new culture and a new language. The professor of Yonsei University has made an excellent job. Well done!
Very well explained and very useful questions and and answers. This class clarify and improve my knowledge in Korean language. Very useful for beginners.
It`s so hard if you don`t understand english well, because the spanish subs are all wrong, but i do my best, and will  love more courses like this. <3 <3
A very good basic course. You are provided with a video lesson at the beginning of each module. Easy to understand and perfect for learning by yourself.
The lecture is so good and interesting! It helps me improve my Korea language a lot. Good experience in learning Korea and the lecturer teach very well.
It helps me to be confident and be the first one who strikes the conversation with my Korean friends. Now I think I can travel to Seoul without worries.
The course was a bit challenging because the language but everything was perfectly explained and the lessons where easy to understand, I really like it!
This is a great course for beginners. It provides you with a multitude of topics that are used in daily conversations. Remember, practice makes perfect.
This course was very easy to understand.  I felt as if I was there with the instructor.  I was able to learn quickly and understand what was being said.
For beginning, it was very helpful and also I like culture related videos.  I have already taken some Korean classes, it was really great to practice :)
Learning any language at third phase aged is not easy, but to acquire the skill is to pay attention and listen and continue practice will be the target.
I really recommend this course for who want to start learning a beginning of Korean language. Easy to understand and lot of fun during take this course.
OMG! this course is so amazing. Teacher, she can teach me with a simple word in English so I can understand it. And there are many example too. Suggest!
The course is very helpful for beginners. However, for students that haven't any knowledge of Korean, the pace of prof. Kang might be a little bit fast.
The instructor explains very well. Examples are easy to learn. I learn a lot and I understand Korean language better because of this course. Keep it up!
Very helpful for those who don't know anything about Korean Language at the first time.  The methods that are used is easy to follow yet very effective.
The lecturer really explain the outline and teach clearly every parts of the course. The practicing really help me know about how to use it in reality.
IT WAS GREAT TO LEARN KOREAN THROUGH THIS COURSE IN ONE MONTH . I HAVE LEARNT MAXIMUM OF WORDS THAT I NEED FOR A DAILY LIFE THANK YOU YONSEI UNIVERSITY
The Course is designed and taught excellently. The instructor is good at conveying concepts and grammer properly. Must recommended course for Beginner.
Super great! Thank you 선생님 for teaching me. I had much fun time during learning Korean. Hopefully I can practice more so my Korean will be more fluent.
Totally loved it! Great teacher and the content is really complete. I really liked it and I think it gave me the basics to the korean language. Thanks!
The course is best for a kick start those who are interested in learning korean. Everyone should take such a course as a beginner.  Highly recommended.
I really like to learn something news language. and I decided to learn Korean because I like watching K-Drama. Now I have a new skill in this language.
This is the best Korean course. Thank you the professor who made this couse. I hope I can learn the Korean course from Yonsei University more and more.
I have never been more grateful I learned the characters 6 years ago! Now, I can focus on another aspects without worrying about the hangul characters.
It helped me a lot, specially in terms of pronuntiation and learning new vocabulary and expressions. It sure is a great way to start learning korean :)
It was a great introduction for me.   I would love to repeat the course so that I can become more proficient with what I have learned from this course.
Excellent course. Definitely the numbers where the hardest part for me, but everything was well explained. Thank you Yonsei University for this. 감사합니다!
I really enjoyed this course and would recommend it to anyone who wants to start and learn Korean. I hope more advanced courses will also be available.
The teacher made the class great. I feel like this was great for me to understand the basics and be able to go back over my notes and keep practicing.
Very well structured course. Going further, I would really like to learn more advanced content from the Yonsei university and Professor Seung Hae Kang
Great Experience in Learning. Thank you to the instructor for helping me in learning the basics of Korean. 감사합니다(gamsahabnida) . Thank you once again.
This course helped me understand the basics of learning the Korean language. Very informative. And the professor explains the lessons well. Thank you.
Me encantó y lo haría mil veces más. Gracias por la oportunidad!I loved it and I definitely i would do it again and again . Thanks for the oportunity.
Great beginners course to learn Korean! Really enjoyed the contents and was able to learn and retain the information presented. Definitely recommend!
Thank you very much for this course. I may not know everything yet but it did give me a basic understanding and cleared up a lot of confusion for me.
This is a great beginners course. I like how they introduce topics in later weeks by means of examples and conversations. Is an easy to follow course
I'm so happy I learned lots of words and sentences of daily life through this course. It really helped me complement and enrich my Korean vocabulary.
thank you. i can read Korean Language and i want go to YONSEI UNIVERSITY on future. professor. you teaching good! Last. i wish to go in south Korean.
It is very good for beginners, the teacher is very clear to explain the unit and it is easy to understand the words, verbs and grammatical. I love it
its good for beginner. Easy to follow. But the reading material's font make it kinda hard to read. Just change the font and it will be perfect.Thanks
Thank you for this wonderful opportunity of learning the Korean language. The lecture is concise and informative at the same time easy to understand.
Professor was daebak!!! Saranghaeyo Proffesor Kim. Thank you for teaching me so well.  Now, I can write and speak korean. Even though not so fluent😁
This course is absolutely amazing for beginners. I feel like it has given me enough information to be able to move forward in learning this language.
Really easy to follow, and all the materials provided are really good to practice different situations to get a glimpse of the basic things in Korean
Its easy to learn step by step. In just a few weeks of learning, I can speak some korean sentence and share my expression in korean. Thats fantastic.
This course is fantastic and I hope Yonsei University can give this outstanding Korean language course so that I can continue to study Korean deeply.
I liked the course, it is simple and I can understand it easily.
I would like you to add more (practice conversation) to the course.
thanks  감사합니다 ^^
Amazing to learn very basic Korean. Perfect for practicing, short and simple to remember and practice. Loved the course. Worth my time of dedication.
Amazing course, extremely useful! Very nicely put and understadable even for people for which also english is a second language. Thank you very much!
It is very helpful especially for those who have zero knowledge about the language. The modules were also organized and it's very beginner-friendly.
This is a very comprehensive Korean course for absolute beginners. Highly recommended and probably the best out there for a course with certificate.
I really enjoyed this Korean course, I learned a lot and I think if I practice and keep reading I will already speak this language very well. Thanks
I am really happy with this course as it has a lot of vocab and practice as well as a simple and easy explanation
it really helped me a lot고맙습니다 선생님
This course gave me a new language.I am very  thankful to this course because of improving my writing, reading, listening and speaking skills. 감사합니다
i love first step Korean because you can teach clearly basic Korean. I understand Korean better. Thank you for your good lesions. Love, your student
The teacher is good at teaching, I can understand her very well, plus the courses were fun and enjoyable to learn. Thanks for this Korean knowledge.
I loved the way the teacher explained each lesson and enjoyed a lot studying through these modules. I feel I have learned a lot. Highly Recommended.
I learned very much.  It is easy to learn, since it provides examples and deeper explanation about the words and the construction of sentence. :) :)
It really helps you to known the basics of Hangul. I learned more with this course than by using other language learning software that I try before.
Good lessons for those who want to step into the world of Korean.Very good explanation and structure. Hope to have the deeper lessons in the future.
honestly she is the best teacher ever and her teaching techniques are the best for all people especially beginners. I loved and enjoyed this course
I really liked this course. It has helped me a lot  to improve my speaking and get more knowledge about Korean language. I found it really helpful.
Amazing course! I didn't fully understand how to use the particles correctly and how to construct sentences, and I think this really helped me out.
very good for beginner :) I do not know anything on Korean language before this course. it is makes learning Korean language very easy for me now .
This course is really helpful for me to understand Korean basic language and writing. I hope there will be more advance course. Thank you very much
So easier to listen and learn, helpfull and absolutely I really love korean language and  It's good to recommented for another person to learn here
Great course! Very easy to follow especially for beginners like me. Thank you Prof. Seung Hae Kang, it was a fun and enjoyable learning experience.
Thank you from Mrs. Seung Hue Kang for your presentation in this course. It was beneficial for me, and I really enjoy it.Thanks,Samieh.Gholinezhad
Very helpful and flexible course. Made me feel more confident in my learning abilities and I’m ready to start communication with people in Korean!
It was amazing, i feel that i really learned something and i get so much knowledge about Korean culture as well, im in love with and is worth it😍
Recommended for those who have mastered familiarizing with the alphabets and pronunciations. Countless of grammer is taught throughout the course!
This really helped me learn and get better, I've been wanting to learn Korean for a while and this really got me motivated and was really helpful!
Great course to start out learning korean. Basics like the alphabet are covered very well, and gets you learning useful daily conversations easily
I would like to say my huge thanks to all who have prepared this course. It was helpful and the videos were made obviously to understand. 감사합니다)))
This course is very useful for people who are not Korean so much and this course teach the basic of Korea. I think this would help foreigner a lot
Excellent course!!! I was able to review the basics and even do a tiny conversation with my gf (who is korean) . I am very happy about the result!
I am learning a lot from this course. I have always wanted to learn hangul. My goal is to actually watch a KDrama without the english subtitle. ;P
Such an interesting course :) I have learnt how to say some basic sentences in Korean as well as Korean letter. I will recommend it to my friends.
Great Course ! I'm very new beginner in Korean , but this course teach me step by step how to learn Korean. Thank you very much Yonsei University.
Good fundamental knowledge for Korean language. Excellent teaching schedule that make you understand grammar and words step by step. Not rushing.
Thank you for the free course and certificate. Your web is the best way to study at home. It's good for everyone that want to improve your skill.
Especially considering that this course is free if you don't need the certificate, this is an incredible way to get started with learning Korean!
Ms Kang is the best teacher for teaching Korea. She explains every point and teaches us new vocabularies for us to use in Korean.  Kamsahamnida .
It was very helpful and informative and it is a great starter course.  I would definitely recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn Korean
Easy to follow, learn and remember what was taught throughout the course! Really enjoyable and would recommend to friends trying to learn Korean.
This lesson is really useful I haave more knoeleadge about korean now.The teacher is really kind and the way how she teach is easy to understand.
This is a great starter course for beginner students of the Korean language. The lectures and notes were very informative and easy to understand.
i really liked the course the only thing estha sometimes the test are very slow for keep the result, thanks a lot for your support and hard work
Great course with the great lecturer. After completing this course, i am able to write and understand the basic conversation in korean language.
This course was excellent! I loved it! I wanted to learn Korean! Finally, I have learned some grammar and vocabulary essential words> Thank you!
I learned to write and read in Korean, I also learned a lot of vocabulary, and most importantly I learned how to communicate, thank you so much.
I loved this course a lot! I thought I was quite familiar with basic level Korean but this course taught me a lot more than expected. Thank you!
Great lessons for beginners. It is easier to understands Korean than learning by myself. I am more fluently in reading hanguel and conversation!
Well structured and highly interactive lecture videos. Beautifully explained content and illustrative examples. Enjoyed the learning experience!
This course is so great. It makes me improve my skill and The teacher is very good to explain and makes it easy to understand. Thank you so much
This course is a great introduction to the Korean language. I learnt many expressions, vocabulary and pronunciation tips. I highly recommend it!
It was a good experience. I would like to recommend people who really want to learn Basic Korean Language. This could give them a good start. :)
Such an amazing course taught by Prof.Seung Hae Kang.Great opportunity to learn korean language including alphabets & glimpse of Korean Culture.
lessons were amazing anyway students need to practice on their own to gain more understanding, vocabulary, and speaking skills. thanks a lot :)
I loved it. The explanations were really good and as an introduction to the language I found it very helpful. I recommend it without any doubt.
It was easy to follow and understand, I can only recommend this course for beginners. Thank you very much for this amazing learning experience.
The course is very clear for basic of Korean Language, Sentence formation. And at the very least you can read or write Korean with this course.
It was perfect! Explaining the informations clearly. I thing, the best part is also telling about Korean Culture. I had so much fun. Thank you!
A good introduction to Korean language.  I learnt to read the Korean letters.  Need a lot of practice on conversation.  Thanks for the lessons!
I really love the course. The teacher can teach very clearly and we can copy her pronunciation. All the lessons are very useful in daily life.
As a self-taught student , it's really hard to study the basics correctly alone , so this course really helped me so far . Thank you so much .
It was a journey and an absolute pleasure to go through this course. A huge thanks to our teacher Ms Seung Hae Kang, for her helpful guidance.
I really enjoyed learning Korean during this course! It explains grammatical rules and pronunciation of each word properly!Thank you very much
This course is such a good choice for staring to learn korean because it's easy to learn and make you feel comfortable to understand korean :D
First Step Korean is great for someone who's looking for a new language. The instructor is great! Thanks to Yonsei University for this course.
Its the best course for beginners who love to learn new language or a basic of korean language. I t help me alot in llearning korean language.
This course is very good! Is recommended for those who want to learn this language from the basics, it explains well !. It was a great course!
i love learning korean languade from YonSei University. The way the Professor taught is really simple and very easy to understand. Thank you.
I learn a lot during this course. It help a lot how we can conversate in our normal daily life. For the beginners this course is very useful.
I have really enjoyed learning each and every thing you have taught. Hats off to such a good teacher. FOREVER GRATEFUL!!!! THANKS ALOT MAM :)
Professor Kang is really helped me to understand Korean language. This course very helpful to learn Korean language with step-by-step method.
It was a really enjoyable experience, and I'm looking forward to try the other course, as I feel much more confident in my Korean now. 감사합니다!
Loved this course! It was so well made and the teacher is very good! Perfect for someone who wants to learn the basics! Keep up the good work
This course is very fun and easy to understand. I am very happy to learn Korean. Thank you coursera, first step korean and Yonsei University
Hi, It is amazing how fast you are picking up the language with this first lesson. Thank you. This is a really good start to talk in Korean.
Very helpful and a great start towards learning Korean! I loved each lesson and the material really helped me fully understand the language.
Satisfied that I can now read and write even though I don't know what I'm reading, its still a good start :> wish they had more classes here
I learned what particles to use and how to pronounce words and also what words to use when there is a word with a final consonant or without
This class is great if you have taken a Korean language course before. It is a really great refresher. The teacher explains everything well.
Recommended for beginners who want to learn Korean. The course is easy to follow and it introduces you to the basics of the Korean language.
I am glad someone introduced this to me. I can now read and write. Thank you so much! It motivates me to study hard because of the deadline.
this course is very perfect. easy to learn and more practice. Could I ask about the certificate that I have to pay $49 for it. I'm not sure.
Overall this was a great course.  Sometimes it was hard to hear and understand the pronunciation of the Korean language during the lectures.
This course was well taught. It was easy to understand and clear. Thank you so much! I've definitely learnt a lot over these past few weeks!
I think this course is extremely impressive because you can learn korean language easily since the teacher teaches slowly but perfect class.
It's easy to understand.I can read a little bit KOR in novel now although I need to use naver to find a vocab more.I love this course.감사합나다.
Very interesting & useful for beginners like me. Extremely honored to be able to be taught by one of the instructors from Yonsei University!
Thank you for the introductory Korean course. The teacher made teaching easy to understand. And the documents in the lessons are very useful
The course was easy to follow and explained in great detail I also feel the whole course covered the basic things needed in speaking Korean.
The language flow of Professor Seung Hae Kang in both Korean and English is very specific and extraordinary. Her tone is indeed encouraging.
This was a wonderful class, but due to my schedule i was unable to finish. I would definitely like to take this again once I have more time.
I love this course! I use to be quite intimidated when I would here or see this language, but this class is making it so easy to understand.
I am thankful to the Instructor and the Yonsei University for this course. The materials are really well planned and I could understand it.
Very good! The lessons were easy to understand and the readings were printable PDFs that had practice stuff for you to do and review stuff.
i really learn lot more  new korean words and also learn how to pronounce it properly  and enjoyed a lot while learning thanks for teaching
it was really useful to take this course it helped me a lot for sure and I am so thankful for people who did that wonderful content for us.
This course was really useful, the teacher Seung Hae Kang is great, the ways she teaches makes you want to learn more. Thank you so much :)
This is a very good opportunity for me to know Korean Language. I finally can read and write simple Hangeul. The videos are really helpful.
This course was very fun and useful! I learnt so much from it. Thanks to this course I got a really good beginning with my Korean language.
It's so fun and i got
A lot of knowledge. Thank you very much. I've never learned Korean. But I can understand Korean through this website.
I've been self studying for about a year and half now but this class helped me with what I hadn't yet learned. Thank you for the hard work.
Incredible course, it really is a great star for beginners in this language and its is well explained and illustrated. Highly recommended.
I really enjoyed this course. The material and the videos were really helpful. I hope I can keep learning this beautiful language. 감사합니다 ♡
It's best for those who want to learn Korean language without basic knowledge. This is completely a masterpiece for the language learners.
Thank you for make this helpful course .I really enjoy learning along the course. I think I can able to speak Korean more fluently. 감사합니다.
i really enjoyed each and every module. tbh, time and date series was little tough. ANyways, it was a great experience. gamsa-ham-nida !!!
Thanks so much!!!! This course was very simple, interesting and understandable. I gladly passed it.But is there a next step in the course&
Korea Frist step is the best course to me because of this course teach about first step of alphabet to diary of your life recommend to you
This course was very nice for me as a beginning Korean learner. The instructor Seung Hae Kang is super professional at teaching. Yhank you
Learn new vocabulary in daily life and still be able to use it to real life. And teacher teach so clear, so good to learn this. Thank you.
Has a good teaching method and explains things thoroughly. Also gives a good insight into Korean culture. I enjoyed this course very much.
Learning Korean made easy! The examples are so easy and very useful in daily life! Thank you Yonsei University and Teacher Seung Hae Kang!
I have learnt a lot! thank you so muc. this is very helping. but so sad i can't purchase it because no money. thank you again seosaengnim!
I love to learn this course. The course material and assignment are helpful. I want to learn more about Korean language and their culture.
Excelent course to start learning korean. The lessons are easy to follow and it is really helpful if you don't know anything about korean.
Easy to learn and read! The length of the video is suitable for basic learners although I need to watch it twice to know what's going on.
I believe we should focus on the formal way of speaking as well, as we usually use formal language when we talk with people we first met.
This was an excellent overview and introduction to Hangul.  This course helped supplement the lesson I was learning with my online tutor.
It was easy to learn daily life conversation. The instructor taught really well. I am really grateful to yonsei university for the course
It is a very good course, because has all that a new person in Korean should know. And the teacher explanes everthing and make it easier.
Thank you for the chance to learn basic words, alphabet in Korean!! So glad that I’ve found this course !! Gonna improve my skills soon!!
I love this course so much. The teacher teaches very clear for a new beginning. I increasingly understand the Korean language . Thank you
Great course.  I learned so much in a very easy-to-understand teaching method.  I really liked how the history of Hanguel was explained..
They gave a very detailed and helpful explanation of the pronunciation of the Korean alphabet like I've never seen before. Excellent job!
It was really helpful in trying to learn the basics to Korean. Loved the videos and course notes. The quizzes motivated me to study more.
Good introduction to the Korean language, used it mostly to reinforce my learning, wish there was a continuation to continue my practice.
the method of approach was easy , interesting visual mediums , good teacher and a good course. i had alot of fun and even more knowledge.
It's a very fundamental course on Korean that provides the most basic but most useful knowledge. It helps a lot to go deeper into Korean.
It's great! Very informative, focused on basic yet important points, easy enough to follow, challenging enough to actually learn things.
This course is a good way for me to start learning Korean. Ms. Seung Hae Kang is very good at explaining the background of the language.
Very interesting course! I wish it was longer and that there was some more exercises that we could do on our own. But its really great !
This is a very nice course for a beginner. I enjoy the lecture. I hope there this another Korean language course from Yonsei University.
its was really helpful and felt easy to learn korean basics. such a wonderful teacher . i wish if this could continue to the next level.
Thank you so share your knowledge. It's made me develop my language and made korean to be easy.I hope you to share about it again. 고맙습니다
The course is interesting, even I know how to speak a little Korean before but I don’t know the grammar at all. This course really help.
I like to do home work after learning from video, home work make me more understand.Sonsangnim is excellent for expand the hard lessons.
Awesome, truly enjoyed this course.  Very straight forward.  The korean language is beautiful.  Maybe one day I can speak fluent Korean.
Thank you very much for Coursera and Ms. Seung Hae Kang, I am here to learn a lot about Korean, I'm happy to know and understand Korean
I really loved to learn the korean language lessons from miss Kang. I learned all the basic words and their pronunciations very easily.
Really very helpful and beginner friendly. I am always searching for such type of course finally I got it and also completed it. 감사합니다.
Course Outline was great and the instructor's approaches helped much to understand Korean easily. Loved her teaching method. Thank You.
Very informative & useful for beginners. I enjoyed it a lot! Would recommend this course to anyone who wants to start learning Korean:)
its an awesome site to learn things...i recommend this to everyone who is looking for a site to explore and learn ...kamsahamnida....;)
the way this course taught me the basic korean is very detailed and organized. it's very easy to understand and it's not boring at all.
It is very easy to learn. They are not rushing but slowly they are teaching us. It was a recap for me to remember by having their notes
this course made me  understand korean language and korean grammar more. thank you so much for the free course. it's really beneficial.
It would be better if there is final examination consists of all questions that have been taught in every week. Enjoying the class tho!
It's really easy to understand. Thank you teacher Seung Hae Kang and Younsei University. Special thanks to coursera.org. Really thanks.
This course is quite good to easily learn the alphabets and basic sentence structure to get yourself to converse in Korean pretty fast.
This course ery easy to make me clear understand about Korean grammar and how to pronounce like a native. Thank you so much! 정말 고맙습니다!!
The lessons were so easy to follow and the content was organized quite well. The presenter / teacher's pace of the curriculum was good.
I learned a great deal through this short course.  The reminders to keep on track with my course work were very helpful and motivating.
I took a course with a teacher but did not learn what I was expenting. I am happy because I learned a lot more than a classroom course.
This course is extremely useful for beginners. I learned so many things that will come in handy for conversations with native speakers.
This is a great course to learn how to read, pronounce and speak Korean. Practice makes perfect. Thanks Coursera and Yonsei University.
I have learned so much thanks to this course. She is a great teacher and she explains everything very well and in detail. So thank you!
I think everyone can get junior skill of learning korean here and the classes are very good for us to study with our part-time. Thanks.
I love this course so much. Thank you to the teacher for teaching in understanding way and I hope I can visit Yonsei University later.
I'm very grateful for your help, I'll keep moving forward. I really needed to increase my knowledge in otrer languages!! Thanks a lot.
Thank you so much for the opportunity to learn basic Korean. This course was amazing and has given me a strong foundation to build on.
I learn all basic of Korean language that I can you when I visit again , hopefully I can speak fluently in Korean Language soon. 고맙슴니다
30/5000
The classes were wonderful! I learned a lot, the classes were very entertaining and very well explained 감사합니다! Muchas gracias!
It is a great lesson to learn Korean for beginners, after I study this course, I can talk to Koreans and let them understand my needs.
Amazing course that has been put together very well and has helped me further my Korean with it's simple yet useful everyday language.
I absolutely loved this course. I learned a lot and it was very helpful. If you want to learn Korean I recommend you take this course.
It was quite hard for me to find the time for this course, but even if it took me longer than expected, it was very much worth it! :)
Studying this course makes me want to apply it in real life conversation... so i have to go to Korea!!... thank you Yonsei University
Very useful tool to learn and the instructors' good in explaining the modules and the questions being asked in the forums. Thank you!
It's a great first approach to Korean language and culture, it shows step by step details of the Korean language without any strain.
It's a good way to start with the language, now I can try with others class of Korean because I understand the basic of the language
It was a wonderful course. The teacher took a very friendly approach in teaching. The teaching materials and video quality was nice.
I really loved this course. The approach was very easy for learners to understand, It has taught us practical usage of the language.
loved, it was quiet informative and easy to follow, i really learned a lot i have taken notes and will practice with them, thank you
I’ve got more korean skills during quarantine life. This is a good course. Thank you Yonsei University And Coursera for all of this!
Love the course design and preparation.  Teacher was very good and clear.  Makes me want to sign up for the next one when I am ready
for me who's never learn Korean, this course has a good explanation! Now I just have to exercise more (and watch more k-dramas haha)
It's very good for practice. This course is suitable for those who don't have basic knowledge. Easy to understand. Thank you so much
In my opinion, this course is so amazing. Instructor has learnt me plebty of vocabularies, grammar and how to speak korean fluently.
I suggest everyone for taking course from Coursera, not only the Korean language but also the other studies here are very much good.
explains very clearly with lots of examples!i learned a lot about pronunciation which i've always struggled with through this course
Hello! as A new Korean Learner I enjoyed the course! I hope you will organize next level of it.Thank you very very much!Appreciated!
This is a very good course to start learning Korean. I'll continue my studies to learn more about this beatiful language. Thank you!
This course is very fit for beginners, and the way professor Kang teaches us is very clear! Thank you, Coursera and professor Kang!
Very informative and comprehensive in beginner like me who wants to study Korean Language.Thank you Yonsei University and Coursera.
I'm really glad that i successfully done my course, The course instructor is very good and she explained every thing in a great way
Amazing introduction to this language and you are expressed to a lot of vocabulary which helps you learn better.I loved the course.
A very useful course if you want to start learning Korean! Basic vocabulary + grammar! Great course! Special thanks to Prof. Seung!
I really enjoyed taking this course. I learned a lot of basic grammar I didn't know about, so I'm very thankful! Thank you so much!
I liked this course very much and it helped me to understand how to read and write Korean. The professor made it very easy to read.
Really this course is very helpful for learn about Korea culture and their people. It is also very helpful for a language learners.
This course is very good.I can read and write korean a little bit.Thank you very muchTeacher and Yonsei university for this course.
Really well planned introductory course. Covers all necessary basic requirements and provides good overview of the Korean language.
This is an extremely helpful course. The course has helped me better my Korean as well as understand more of the countries culture!
A really interesting and helpful lesson. I would recommend it to my friends. However, the prounciation is a little bit hard for me.
The course is clear and easy to understand. It covers basic vocabularies and sentence structures for a short term living in Korea.
This is great. I can understand basic korean language and made some conversations on my own. Compatible for my daily life as well.
I've learnt how to write and read korean alphabets also to use the sentence in daily life. Recommend this course for the beginner!
It's great course that teaching basic Korean. I like it very much. Thank you for the teacher and the one who made this course. ^_^
I enjoyed this course a lot! The materials' explanation is simple, clear, and easy to understand. The videos are also interactive.
This is an excellent course to learn Korean from scratch, with a very good method of tracking and learning. I recommend it a lot!!
Amazing, easy, responsive and very accurate.I would like more optional exercises or sources to practices and continue learning it.
It was a great course and helps in understanding the basic concepts very well. Waiting for next session of the course. 선생님, 감사합니다!
The course is very useful i like it so much and i had no problem to understand any of the lecturers i find it very good and useful
I understand so much in Hangul now!! and i cannot wait to expand my knowlegde more in Korean cultureThank you for the xperience!!
amazing course!!! thanks for doing these free clases, i learn a lot and i will continue with this journey of the korean language.
I really love this course, i am always interested in Korean Language this platform give me chance to learn it. Thank you COURSERA
I can't believe it is over, i enjoyed every minute of it, very well taught and easy to learn, how i wish it was longer....*tears*
I loved it very much. It has helped a lot and now I have to practice hard and find someone with whom I can use what I've learned.
It was a great course, I learned a lot about Korean, there were also things that I didnt understand but it was still excellent!!!
This is very much easy to learn korean language and the instructor is very much supportive to teach you. I'm happy to learn this.
Wow! I studied a lot from this course. Teacher is really good teach and lessons are easy to understand. I wish to learn more!!!!!
Great course and I am able to understand and speak Korean after this.I am very happy with the course as the content was excellent
I really enjoyed studying this course, now I actually can understand Korean a lot and talk with my Koreans friends, thanks a lot!
Recommended course to take if you have zero knowledge in Korean language. Teaching method is easy to follow and understand. 감사합니다
This course is very great for Korean begginers, it helped me to amplify my vocabulary and grammar structure. Thank you very much.
I'm giving this a five-star rating! I really learned a lot! The teacher is so calm and she teaches at a good pace. Kudos! 감사합니다!
I feel grateful to enjoy such high-quality learning material. It really helps me learn Koran a lot. Thank you for your teaching.
this course is very helpful i have completed this couse week ago and now i am doing the second one and i am so excited about it.
Excellent course in taking the first step to learn Korean.  The lessons were paced well and the progression was well thought of.
Thankyou so much,I can improve my korean much better,And how teacher give us lesson in easy way,Make ue can understand it better
A course that covers the importance of basics and how they create the foundations to such a unique, easy and beautiful language.
Hello,It was good learning a new language and i found it easy to understand and learn . It was also great completing this course
Excellent course for basic Korean language. I can at least read and write something simple in Korean after finished this lesson.
Was a very help full session Need a lot of practice But I ll get through it I m really grateful and thankful to have this lesson
i liked the course it was very easy you can oly read the course without watching the videos and pass its very esay and thank you
There truly was a lot to take out of it.. I still need more practice but o understand a whole lot more about sentence structure!
It has been an interesting experience studying Korean via this course! All modules are easy to follow, really practical and fun!
Very easy to understand and grasp. Touches upon some key area, which can be extended and applied to various other contexts too.
It is an effective course to learn basic Korean language.Teacher explain clearly and the dialog example works really.Thank you.
Really wonderful experience. The teacher is very calm and patient. I hope you can provide 'Second Step Korean'... Thanks a lot!
I'm so enjoyed my course in coursera for first step korean , thank you to prof. Seung hae kang  who taught me, it was very fun.
The lessons are easy to understand. The practices in the modules are sufficient for me to revise and memorise the terms learnt.
These lessons are a great help to me to fully understand how words and sentences are formed. Thank you so much, Professor Kang.
Thank you very much to give me the honor to get this experience and to study the basics of the Korean language thank you again.
I have tried several courses in Korean yet this one breaks down all the grammatical nuances in the best way. Highly recommended
This course is good for practicing Korean for beginner.Teacher use normal language ,normal vocabs to describe.Thank you so much
I'm happy with Ms. Seung Hae KangShe's an amazing teacher.I love her curriculum design (step by step) with a clear explanation.
This is a good course for learning beginning of korean language. This shall take your step more on speaking and reading korean.
I learn a lot in this course. My interest about korean language is bigger now and i would like to take another course about it.
Excellent for beginners to the Korean language.  Great teacher.  Very clear and easy to follow along with the lessons.  Thanks!
I really liked this course a lot, I feel like I learned a lot. Many thanks to Professor Kang Seung Hae for such nice insights.
thank you for this course because i can learn more how to read, writing, listening, and speaking in korea. very helpful to me.
I've been learning Korean for about 1 year, And i take this course to reviewing my knowledge and it helps me a lot. Thank You.
This course is perfect for those who are just beginning to study Korean, the way of teaching is very dynamic and entertaining!
very helpful for me to understand more about korean grammar that i mostly dont recognise through kdramas. thank you very much!
I am glad to join this course..Now I am able to read, write and speak  Korean Which will help me in my future higher education
To be honest this is the most simplest method to learn korean.. The quiz tests and the notes are really helpful!!! i love this
Thanks alot for this course!! though i had and still have some difficulties with prononciation i will keep on learning Korean.
I learned so much in such a short time! This course is amazing and I highly recommend if you're interested in learning Korean.
It was nice to take this course cover the basics of korean language. The teaching methodology was remarkable.Iy helped me alot
Thank you for being such an inspiration to me and others around you. I'm very impressed with Seung Hae Kang Yonsei University.
Good course for a beginner!! I have learned the basics such as the alphabet, time, verb so that I can make easy conversations.
Thank you Dr. Kang and staff. This is a well organized and presented course. I found the PDF notes and practices very helpful.
Really nice course to learn the basic and to understand a few usefull conversation. Lot of new vocabolary to study! Well done!
Very good beginner course. First time particles were explained in an easy (Or at least EASIER) way. Thank you for this course.
I think it's a good start for Korean beginners. This is definitely not enough,  I will take more Korean courses in the future.
It's a good course to take if you want a beginner's course in Korean language and you're finding it hard to study on your own.
I have learned a lot and am now able to understand and communicate with friends and enjoy my k-pop and my wifes k dramas more.
I didn’t expect that I would be able to read and write that quick. As well as understand basic conversations. I’m very happy.
This course is recommended for people who have never learnt Korean or knows a little hangeul but do not understand any words.
The language that using is very easy to understand. This course can help me and encourage me a lot to learn Korean. Very good
An absolutely brilliant course for someone who wants to pick up basics within the shortest time possible. Highly recommended.
I can easily more understand Korean when I took this course. I got many vocabularies from every unit. THIS COURSE IS AMAZING!
I can understand Korean better and will be used to say hello. And have a basic conversation with Korean customers. Thank you.
short but informative, easy to pick up. I suggest to master the pronunciation first, well that's what my korean friends said.
The course is very well structured and taught. It is perfect for those who wish to learn basic conversation skills in Korean!
It is a nice course to get started with Korean. It is especially useful when combined with other materials and self practice.
I like that the video of each section is not long, like 10 minutes, so you can manage your time to learn each topic in a day.
Amazing course, I have really learned a lot here! I can confidently read, write and speak what I have learned in this course.
This has been a great course so far. It's exactly like a real Korean class that you would attend in real life, but it's free!
I enjoyed doing it.It was so much fun...especially the teacher is really good. she explains everything so nicely and clearly.
Thanks you! Korean languange is amazing. I'd really want to learn more about the culture and some day, I want to study there.
I’ve been trying to teach myself Korean for a while now and I’m so glad I found this course. I couldn’t recommend it enough.
It is an amazing beginners course, and after completion you will get a hang of the language if you practice and study forth!
This course is really suitable for beginners. The lecturer gave a brief but clear explanations, I really enjoy it. Thank you
Very well explained about the language. very easy to understand and were able to learn maximum from this. Thank you so much.
i learned a lot of korean language, and i'm very proud of what i have learned from this course, very useful, i like it :))))
Learnt alot through this course and I highly recommend to those that are beginners and want to learn the basics in korean :)
It was very educational even though i have no idea on korean at first i still learned, thank you  so much for this knowledge
It was very helpful.Thanks a lot for providing this course free of cost.the teachings were excellent and easy to understand.
Teacher teach everthing to be easy. I'm not good in English but I can understand almost all of lesson. THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!
This course is very good. I can understand the basic Korean for use in my daily life. I can understand Korean grammar more .
Very convenient that I can take the class anytime I want to. The instructor is vey nice and clam in her explanation as well.
This course is really proper for besic learner. Easy to understan and a lot of practice. The explaination is really awesome.
I am thrilled to complete the course. This course gave me an insight into the Korean language. I enjoyed every minute of it.
I really liked this course. It was easy.i was able to understand some things I was having problems with. Thank you very much
Thank you for making this widely available for people, ive definitely grasped a better understanding of the Korean language.
Thank you for this very clear and entertaining first step in Korean language. It makes me want to keep going and learn more.
This is really helpful for people who are starting from scratch and who have no idea how to speak, read, or write in Korean.
It was really interesting and easy to understand. Every lesson was simple and interactive. I really loved this course. 고맙습니다
This was a very good course to help me learn Korean. Now I can confidently have a short conversation with anyone in Korean.
This was very awesome course. I really enjoyed learning Korean language; and now I am able to read and write Korean Hangul.
AnyonghaseyoI loved this course . Teaching was excellent. We could grasp things better. A very apt course for any beginner.
This course is a must for those who intend to learn basic Korean. The materials are well-structured and easy to understand.
I really enjoyed this course! It covers the basics well and gets me excited to continue my Korean studies further. 감사합니다 !!
A very good step by step korean language, and easy to learn, practical as well as. Thank you Coursera. Thank you Prof Kang.
The instructor made everything easy to understand. I was having problems learning on my own, but she made everything click.
This course was very thorough with explaining things, I appreciate having the opportunity to learn Korean from this course.
This was an increadible course for people that are iniciating in learnning a complex language as it is the Korean language.
It's the best korean for new user!! Easy to learn. The teacher teach very well and it's can use for learn to the next step.
Great Class! I feel that with a bit more practice I could master the material taught. I recommend this course to beginners.
I’ve learn a lot of Korean languages and easily understand. And practice to my Korean language skill. Thank you. 선생님 감사합니다.
thank you for teaching me.I very nice course. i think if you have more translated in the example it gonna be better. 고맙습니다.
really good course and i love it. this will make you understand better if you repeat all of lesson again after finish, 화이팅!
This courser can be help me to easy for learn koran language and so easy to understanding . Thank you for do this coursesr.
UN CURSO MUY RECOMENDABLE, ASESORIAS SENCILLAS Y COMPRENDIBLES, LOS ASESORES RESPONDEN  A LAS DUDAS Y HAY MATERIAL DE APOYO
I really liked this course, I learned a lot even though I am beginner and my English is not so high.  100% recommended고맙습니다
I loved it, it reallh helped me improve on the initial skills i already had and it helped me to read and pronounce better.
Very useful and interesting. I enjoyed every single class and found the examples very useful to practice my pronunciation.
Excellent course. i have learnt so much and the classes were the right length to absorb the contents. Thank you so much. x
It was a nice experience.And I have learnt so many Things and it is very useful for the beginners to understand and learn.
It was a very great course that will give you an overview regarding the language and will teach you the basics. Thank you!
This course is really great. Teacher is clearly explain and good in English language. Her sound is soft.Thank you so much.
Very fun education and your course give me a lot knowledge of basic Korean. Hope I will learn more in your class. Thankyou
This first step Korean course is very helpful now I can speak Korean clearly and I can talk and chat with my Korean friend
A really great course for anyone interested in the Korean language, the lectures are so nice and really easy to understand
Coursera is one of the best place to learn ,with every lesson well taught n from the best institutions.Thank you very much
This course it's amazing for the new students that are interesting to learn more about the language of Korea of the South.
Really good and useful for beginners. Now I can read Korean and understand basic conversation. Anyway this course is great
Thank you very much for teaching us the Korean language. We will continue to practice and study Korean after this course.
This is a great course for anybody who wants to learn the basics of Korean or want to start learning the Korean language.
It's an amazing course for beginners I totally recommend this to those who want start with the very beginning. I loved it
The teacher is great and breaks down the lesson so its really easy to understand. I love it and can't wait to learn more.
The instructor guides and explains each topic clearly. I would recommend this course for people who want to learn Korean.
This is an excellent course for a beginner. It focuses on the basics. I really like the course as well as the instructor.
Thank you so much. From this course I can read Korean a little bit. I will practice more to be fluent in Korean language.
The course is match with a person who has no background in Korean at all. It is super easy to understand korean language.
This course is very helpful to know the basics in Learning Hangul. It improves my pronunciation a lot! Thank you so much!
It is very complete, easy to understand and it has a lot of practice exercise, which allows to develop a good vocabulary.
Definitely would recommend. It was easy to learn the alphabet. I like how every lesson slowly introduced more vocabulary.
Im a first time learner and I find this course super super helpful I would recommend it anyone who wants to learn korean.
It is a well built up course with clear explanation. Very useful for people who are beginner in the Korean language.감사합니다
It's really good course.I can learn various words and sentences. After finishing course, I can talk in Korean basically.
All the basic things are explained in such an easy way that any beginner can easily understand the language very easily.
THANK YOU YONSEI UNIVERSITY ESPECIALLY TO THE PROFESSOR. I HAVE LEARNED A LOT IN MY JOURNEY IN LEARNING KOREAN LANGUAGE.
This course was so easy and helpful to build, learn and grasp very well the basics of korean language. Thank you so much
Loved the way they taught. Some how it was difficult in beginning but later it was begin understandable and easy.인도에서 사랑
it's a very good course to start learning about korean language, excellent exercises and helps a lot with the vocabulary
l like it ,  this course helped me so much to develop my korean language d (^-^) b 2 thumbs up for you KANG seonsaengnim
Easy to understand for learning first step in Korean language. Teacher so kind to explain each unit. Thank you very much
Teacher is great , The course was terrific and I would recommend to all the beginning to advance Korean language skills.
This course is really helpful and good for who don't have much time to study and also good for who wanna review as well.
I love this
course, specially the conversations videos; this course has a lot of examples,
and the material to practice.
Outstanding Course, but superb experience and content shared with students. It was difficult but practice makes perfect.
I love this course. It is very easy to follow and the material given is quite useful to keep on going along the 5 weeks.
This is very useful for me! I'm very eager to learn korean and be (someday) fluent in this language.Thank you very much!
This is an excellent introduction that I often come back to for review as the conversations and topcis are very helpful.
Great course !! The videos of people talking in Korean is very helpful to actually understand how people talk in actual.
Thank you very much I love to learn this course it's useful  and help me to communicate with Korean person in daily life
I really enjoyed the course. It was easy to understand and follow. Do recommend to anyone interested in learning Korean.
It's a great course. I learned a lot of vocabularies and some grammar. I also learned how to make a small conversation.
EXCELLENT, Very good to begin to learn Korean, flexible schedules, simple and didactic information! I loved it so much!
The course is a great way to start studying Korean and learn and practice phrases that will be useful in everyday life.
Really good course to start on, having actual deadlines and homework is really helpful. Everything is explained easily.
This is a very useful course for all beginner ! 👍👍 Thanks Kang Instructor and Yonsei University for providing this 😊
I enjoyed the class. It was easy to follow, It is good to have a little bit of experience with Korean but not necessary
Thank you for making this course for free. It's very useful for daily life. Professor describes easy for understanding.
As a beginner, I found this course very easy to understand. It helps to clear the basic concept of the Korean language.
I really like this course. I feel very happy for have the opportunity to learn Korean! Thank you so much! All the best!
The course was very easy to follow! Will be looking forward to more courses on the Korean language from the University.
I learnt a lot because all the units contained meaningful topics. Also, the quality of the materials was extraordinary!
I had fun learning Korean thru this course.  It is very informative and it makes learning Korean as simple as possible.
it's been a wonderful experience! i can't wait to learn more levels of korean and start speaking the language fluently!
Good teacher, it also provides pdf for courses which makes me feel nice. It is easy to understand some complex grammar.
Very helpful. You learn basic things to be able to communicate in a simple way with other people. Highly recommend it.
I really enjoy learning Korean Language. The way Miss Kang 선생님 speaks and teaches is very easy to understand. 감사합니다. ❤
This course helped me to learn korean very easily,all the credits goes to Seung Hae Kang she is really a good teacher.
It is very informative and is easy to understand.  Professor Seung Hae Kang is very pleasant to listen to. Thank you!!
This course is great for an absolute beginner. I suggest this course for who don't know anything about Korean language
A very basic korean learning program but helpful and fun. Thank you Ms. Kang for the lesson it is extraordinarily fun.
I learned the Korean Language more accurately from this course. So happy that I found the course this lockdown period.
It is lovely Class,I am looking foreword for Advance class, Its for my love i learned for her. I can surprise her Soon
Course is easy to understand, well thought out and planned. It was really fun completing this course. Would recommend!
The lessons are easy to understand and simple enough to follow with very little beginning knowledge about the language
Perfect, thank you very much. Now i learned a lot of new things. >I will keep learning this language. Thank you again.
It is a very helpful course to start learning Korean. It starts from Hangul Alphabet, to some daily life conversation.
The course was according to my expectations, I'm looking forward following courses to complete what I've learned here.
Awesome. She teaches it easily . She is a  gifted  teacher.I am going to  enroll the next course. Thank you very much.
I've made progress since I started Coursera. It helped me improve my knowledge in Korean Language. Thank you so much.
This help a lot I learnt so many new words and grammar. better than just try to read a book myself Thank you so much!
This course is very helpful and easy to understand. It is now up to my practice time to remember what I have learned.
I hope this course include Arabic translate .I'm looking forward to more courses about  Korean culture and language .
I love it. Me encantó. Thank you very much for sharing these courses with us.
Congratulations on your hard work. :) ~
It's very good for the beginner and teacher is very good for teaching. Makes me understand a lot of Korean. 진짜  고마워요.
This course is very helpful for Korean beginner like me. Thank you-teacher and Yonsei University to bring this course
This taught me so much. I wish there was another course to take so that I could continue my education in the subject.
I just started the course and I loved it! It's easy to understand and a great foundation for Korean Language Learning
It's really a big help for me. It is well explained and I really understand step by step. Thank you so much Coursera!
thank you from teaching me korean first! i got all new things! Greeting from javanese literature student, Indonesia!
It is a course where you will reveal your language skills and increase your interest in Korean language and culture.
A perfect course to start your learning path in Hanguel. A very detailed yet effective topics covered in the course.
i enjoyed learning through this course. It was really meant for the begineers like me. Learned a lot "Gham-sa-mida".
Thank you so much for great experience! I many learn the correct pronouncation and new vocabulary. That was so good!
thank you! really helped me as a beginner to learn Korean, the material delivered was easy to understand. excellent!
I learned a lot with these lessons, there is a lot of vocabulary and useful expressions for daily life situations!..
The materials and videos are on point and with a bit of effort, the language seems not as hard as one might imagine.
I learned a lot from this course. The teaching methods, live conversations, example dialogues were all very helpful.
it's fun! i already know some basic in korean, and in this course help me to check my korean basic and improve more!
Thank you so much for teaching me First Step Korean Teacher Seung Hae Kang. I really learned a lot from this module.
Thank you for giving me this chance. I mean financial aid. I really enjoyed the course I completed it in three days.
Easy to learn and in a quick process! Just need to find some time for practice and you can already read Korean then!
Simple, but provides more that memorizing Korean phrases, especially helpful for Western language speaking students.
I really enjoyed this course and I've learned a lot from it. It helped build a great foundation for learning Korean.
Interesting I've learned a lot, thank you Mrs.Seung Hae Kang for your good work and the way you've explained! 고맙습니다!
Fantastic!!! A few minor bugs with compattibillity but besides this annoying problem very happy so far!! 고맙습니다 선생님이는
Even if I know Korean already, I still enjoyed the class and learned a lot! Thank you so much, Yonsei and Coursera!
I really love this subject! It was a good introduction to Korean and the instructor explained everything very well.
The course is easy to understand. The instructor is good also and clear on discussing things regarding the subject.
It is very usefull. The learning methods is great too. Thank you very much for the course, i hope you stay healthy.
was able to understand the different characters used for each word. was very helpful to learn the basics of Korean.
I really love this basic couse, I would like to have more listening practice to understand better but, all it's ok.
The teacher speak very clearly. She explain point by point that make me understand very easily. Thank you 고맙습니다 선생님
This was very helpful to me as a beginner in learning the Korean language. This will help a lot in my future plans.
Thank you for work hard seonsaeng-nim. I can speak a little bit Korean and I will practice for advance conversation
This course was very easy and also helpful, if you are interested in learning Korean I recommend taking this course
I love this Korean language course 😄🥰Easy to learn and useful for foreigner who interesting about Korean cultures
This course is good for beginners. However a little preparation may help to understand the course more effectively.
Very good course, worth it every second of it! Hope I can find another course to keep learning Korean through here.
This class was really good I wish I could have gotten more in-depth with the being able to read Korean really well.
Even though I have already knew the syllabus in this course, I still find it helpful with the explanations provided
I really liked this course and I will highly recommend it to anyone who wants to study Korean by themselves. 고맙습니다!
The Course was really awesome and I thank Prof  Seung Hae Kang for the superb classes from the bottom of my heart.
This course was awesome. Take this course! It will help you to understand slightly more about the Korean language.
I had fun learning through this online series. Lessons were very clearly taught and easy to understand. Thankyou ❤
A very good course , I can understand Korean better, easy to learn and easy to understand, suitable for beginners.
So useful and helpful to learn the Korean language in basic. It is a very recommended course. I like it. Thank you
It's a wonderful course. I got to learn many things from this course. I want to thank the teacher for teaching me.
The course is so well structured that I wanted to finish in a week. This is so good for those who are totally new.
This course is very well designed and i liked the course content as well as they way it was delivered. Best wishes
Thank you Professor Kang for teaching me. I enjoyed learning this class and able to read hangeul and speak korean.
I got so much for this course. Every learning lesson is very easy and also the practice makes me better in Korean.
I'll back learn again. This time is twice. I really an expert more than the first time. Thank you for your course.
Not to difficult for new language, The professor’s slow and clear pronunciation make it a lot easier to understand
Thank you for the ease way to learn Korean with the examples and your tips make me understand the lessons so well.
I love this course so much.I have learned a lot of vocabulary and conversations.I will continue to practice. 고맙습니다
This is so helpful, I feel like I'm finally understanding Korean. The courses are nice and slow! Thank you so much
This is an excellent course and is very helpful and provides lots of information for learning the Korean language.
It is very fun and easy it is similar to the course I took on camp casey I feel the  material is universally used.
I think that I had such a good time learning, I liked the course. It was very interesting and easy to understand.
The vocabulary was explained well and the conversations for practice helped me a lot to learn Korean ore fluently
This course will be the starting point for me to listen to Mamamoo with understanding.Without sub.I'm so excited.
This course is so good, i liked it a lot and i highly recommend it to everyone who is learning Korean language !!
Clear about the description and easy to learn. You can understand and use it in your daily life. Thank you 3000 +
I loved the materials used in this course. It is easy to understand and to learn. Thank so much for your efforts.
This course is very good! It's interesting and undertanding, I like it very much. Thank you, Yonsei and Coursera!
It helped me a lot and I recommend it to everyone who wants to be successful in Korean language!         감사합니다!!
Thank you so much for this course, I hope one day I will be able to visit Yonsei University or even study there!
A good Korean tutor will be able to cater to your learning style and develop a personalized lesson plan for you.
Thank you for teaching. I love it! Some lecture notes are mis-text or mis-step of the detail. Please correct it.
Thank you to gave an opportunity to learn Korean language it is a very good experience for me while a quarantine
I really like this course! It’s very useful and the teacher explained very easy to understand. I really love it.
Thank you so much. I learned about writing, reading, speaking and listening as well as vocabulary I didn't know.
it was a great course for the beginner to learn basic korean. making an understand in grammar and conversation .
This course is easy to learn and teacher is very nice.It'll be useful for who are interested in Korean language.
The course is really easy to follow, and the knowledge gained in this course can be applied in real, daily life.
The course was very useful and covered all the basic areas that I wanted and needed to learn. Thank you so much.
thank you for the course i learned how to read and right , ask and unser , how to make a conversation and more .
Thank you to Yonsei university, coursera, and everyone else for teaching about the Korean alphabet and language.
is a good course, the teacher explains clearly and the additionals texts are useful for the review of the units.
Excellent introduction to Korean. I feel more confident reading Hangeul now. Thank you for offering this course.
awesome class. very nice professor. wish there can be more advanced classes available to study. thanks very much
It's really helpful and the professor teaches really well. Strongly recommend to those who want to learn Korean!
Amazing! Very thorough and well done. My skills in Korean have improved a whole lot, thank you for this course.
Thanks for this course, i can learn many vocabulary word in korean leanguage, can read and writing with hangul.
Pretty good but not very good for anyone who needs extra practice that is guided. You gotta do it all on ur own
Excellent course! Thanks to it, I've learned a lot of basic Korean language! I'm eager to continue learning it!
I have learnt a lot of things~~ thank you so much. jongmal kamsahamnidaa(i don't have korean keyboard in my pc)
Great for beginners! This course goes over all of the basics and gives you a good introduction to the language.
Great instructor. Very effective for beginners. Looking forward for next module to enhance our Korean language.
Korean is very difficult. But the teacher is good at teaching grammar and speaking skills. Thank you very much.
This is great for me and really thankful because i got a lot of new knowledge and i will practice more and more
englidh language this teacher describe and teaching basic korean is soclearly when i learn. Thank you so much .
Excellent course that gave me the basic knowledge and introduction to Korean language, the teacher was amazing!
I have been studying korean for a long time and this basic course helped me understand some things alot better.
It's a great course to practice conversational speaking. Very basic level and great worksheets to follow along.
It gives you so many chances to practice the pronunciation and goes over things very clearly  ***Highly suggest
Very useful and easy to study. The professor is very excellent in English.I'm form Viet Nam. Thank you so much!
This course was a great starting point for learning Korean! I really enjoyed it and feel that I learned a lot.
I enjoyed the course. I've learned a lot of new vocabulary and useful phrases. I wish there were more lessons.
This course is very structured and detailed, very suitable for learners who are trying out for the first time!
I highly recommend taking this course to gain a good introduction of the Korean language and how it functions.
The course really helped me in understanding simple Korean phrases and sentences. Thank you, Yonsei University
This course is easy to follow. Not to mention, the content is simple yet I find it very useful for daily life.
I love this course. I love korean language. In the future I think  I study in Korean. I love Yonse University.
It is simple and easy to follow. Hardness is in practice. You should practice even after finishing the course.
Good Course! Highly recommend it! The professor elaborates well and all materials are clear and easy to learn.
this helped me a lot. even though i'm still learning, i can read the characters already after a few lessons :)
I am very pleased to have this course which helps me a lot in understanding Korean language my lovley language
I really enjoyed taking this course because I learned a lot about Korean language.I definitely recommend it!!!
I'm very satisfied about this course. I have learnt a lot about Korean via this course.Wish to learn it again.
very usefull thanks yonsei for open a korean course. i hope more courses of that beautiful language thank you.
This course is very effective for me. And thank you Ms. Kang for your effective lectures. I love you so much.
The lecturer explains the language easily and there are many practices in the videos. Must learn course ever!
Really difficult to find good free courses online. Thankful to the team for providing such a beautiful course
this was an amazing experience . thanks a lot to yonsei university for making my lockdown fun and informative
verry good, after i join and finish this course, i can writing and speaking korean more  fluently than before
I found this course to be very helpful, and I would totally recommend it for beginners in Korean like my self
I learned new vocabulary and the rules in this language. I think this course is very good, thank you so much.
this course is very good option and right starfoing forr amateur learners and others .Thanks for sharing like
Yonsei is Good I like you so much. I love Yonsei university. I want to study at there. I like Teacher. 감사합니다.
This course made learning Korean easy and possible for everyone no matter how old you are.. Thank you so much
It's very understand easier. Clear and I think it's can be use in usually. Thank you so much for this course.
Very beneficial course. It would be better if they add some homework so that students can do it individually.
That is a great thing to practice listening, writing, reading. Thank you for creating good things to try.💜🥰
The course is very useful and friendly to anyone who wants to start learning Korean from the very first step.
I liked the course. This course is very helpful for beginners who looking to learn Korean. Thank you so much.
really helped me understand the language a lot better. makes it easier to read, write and speak fluent korean
I was thoroughly impressed with this course. Easy to learn and understand. This was very helpful all through.
Good way to learn how to read Korean characters and learn some basic words. Really fun to learn and so clear.
It's a great course, I learned a lot. Thank you so much. (I'm still confused but I'm sure I'll get it soon).
The process was great. We hope that Yonsei University can open a new course to continue learning Korean감사합니다
very good syllabus for an introductory course totally worth the time and you can carry on basic conversation
It was very fun!! This is my first course ever and I'm glad I can finished it just in time^^ Thank you all!!
Thanks to Ma'am for explaining everything in such an easy manner. Thanks a lot. I will keep learning korean.
The course was really helpful class was well presented it was easy to understand..thankyou for the guidance!
I Learned a lot from this course it was easy to follow , very cut and clean perfect for a beginner. 감사합니다 :)
I love this course. It is easy to understand. The professor is so good at teaching. I really love her voice.
I really liked the courses, I learned a lot of new things.
Thank you Yonsei university for this opportunity.
I really enjoyed this course. I’ve got a lot of Korean vocabularies and Korean sentences. Thank you so much.
I gained a lot of new knowledge about how to write and how to read korean. thankyou for teach me about them.
Very easy to follow with the professor's teachings. I wished the course would be longer with more knowledge.
Teacher Kang is professional! I learned a lot of things about Korean language from her. Thank you very much!
As someone who had no knowledge of Korean I was please that I could learn so much in a short amount of time!
Wonderful introduction to a fascinating language. Fully recommended to anyone interested in learning Korean.
This course is very useful. I like it and I have learned a lot Korean from this course. Thank you so much :)
The course is very useful. I hope there will be elementary, intermediate and advanced classes in the future.
It is really helpful, it expains things in a very easy way and the practices are good too. Highly recomended
Very well arrange module and content of course. It contain vast information of Korean language and culture.
This course is so great. It's make so easy to understand about korean lengauage. Thnak you for this course.
The content in this course was easy to understand the instructor was nice. Overall the course was very good
고맙습니다. Thank you so much for this course I got a lot of knowledge about Korean language and how to use it .
Thanks for allowing me to learn Korean language. Teaching method is very good and material is quite useful.
thank you for the best korean learnig, I will pactice every day and I hope I can speak korean when I visit.
it's actually a good course to start learning Korean. I've learnt a lot from this course, thanks professor!
It is very good for me  That has learned about Korean  Useful in conversation  With my friends and teachers
Very helpful while stay home in Covid situation. Now need to see more Korean series! to more understanding.
The explanations are very detailed and easy to understand. Prof. Seung Hae Kang has an done an amazing job.
this course allows me to understand how to pronounce Korean accent and make me read Korean sentence easily.
This course is really good for beginners. The teacher talks slowly and can explain clearly, I recommend it!
This course is an exceptional course! I hope that I can master the language, and give kids their education!
Easy to study from every devices and the subject is very useful. Thank you for the great online e-learning.
Very clear explanation. Gave me greater understanding of why certain phrases are pronounced a  certain way.
The teacher has great pronunciation for both languages. Lesson for 5 weeks are not to hard to understand ^^
It's a foundation course with clear explanation and structure that will allow student to learn more easily.
Helped me alot with my basics. I learned how to write and talk basic Korean which is very easy for me now.
I learn a lot and this course help me to have a better level in my Korean course in the college. Thank you
I really enjoy it,  for beginners is very useful and a friendly method of learning with written practices.
The lesson was very organized and informative. Thank you for this wonderful opportunity to learn with you!
The basics of Korean alphabets were taught very clearly and patiently. Overall, it was a very good course.
I HAVE LEARNED NEW TIPS AND NEW WORDS. THIS COURSE IS REALLY HELPFUL.  THANK YOU SO MUCH YONSEI UNIVERSITY
Teaching a very useful daily life phrase. The professor explain clearly and easy to understand. Thank you!
My Korean is better now thank you so much I really like this lesson. I would recommend it to my friends ❤️
It's been very helpful at helping me understanding the basic to Korean 한국 and for that I'm truly grateful.
Excellent course... I suggest for everyone who are eager beginning learning Korean Language and Culture...
Excellent course! It's a very didactic way to acquire a solid basis in Korean language. Highly recommended
I really like this course. I really learned the basics. It is interesting and is not boring. Great course!
Absolutely lovely and amazing course! The teacher is extremely talented and teaches the basics very well!
The lessons are very good for beginners and it's very easy to learn. I'm very happy learning the lessons.
Wonderful course for korean language beginners... The fourth week is the trickiest with dates and time 😅
It is very helpful and the explanation is very easy to understand, especially for them who is a beginner.
It was fun learning Korean. The course was structured very well and it was very well explained.Thank you.
it is nice, practical , convenient amount of vocabulary and information for a beginner and easy to follow
Very good course. Makes you interact and really immerse in learning the language thru practice dialogues.
Very informative course!  Brilliant professor!  Love the materials and anime used  throughout the course.
I learn a lot of vocabularies and learn Korean easy grammar that make me can use their for my daily life.
I have enjoyed the course very much , its easy step by step lessons work very well , thank you very much.
Great class designing for beginners. Practices make perfect people! It goes with all languages. Good luck
BEST COURSE EVERY TO LEARN KOREAN FROM A PRESTIGIOUS  INSTITUTE OF  SOUTH KOREA.LOVED EVERY LESSON OF IT.
This is really good class thanks for make a good thing for everyone who interested in Korean 👍👍👍😁😁😁
in thic course i have learn the basics of korean language. This couse is to learn and interactive.  고맙습니다
I like how easy to keep up with this course is. Excellent work. And I would like to thank Prof. Seung-Hae
I really enjoyed studying korean . The lesson that was imparted to me was really helpful. Kamsahamnida :)
Well done, very explicative, Grammar is understanding even for the ones that are not english native as me
I enjoyed learning the basics of Korean Language at my own speed. I definitely recommend it to everyone.
very good. L understand many things that i didn't understan in Korean Language , I will talk to bangtan.
It was very interesting, the professor was nice and now I'm ready to the next level, thank you very much
Thank you for your knowledge, hopefully it can be useful and very good in explaining, quickly understood
I had wonderful time learning Korean and now I can easily read, write and ask/answer basic questions! :)
I have 0% of knowledge about Korean language but this course is very helpful and not too hard too learn.
Easy to understand, also good example for pronunciation and applicable for use in daily life. Thank you!
Excellent content for beginners. The teacher has great teaching method and provided a clear explanation.
저는 태국 사람입니다. The cours is very good for beginning korean language I really like  this. thank you so much
This is awesome , Now I can read , write and speak on basic . So I will practice for better . Thank you.
It's clear and easier for students to know what they should learn and what they need to be careful with.
Professor Kang teaches very clearly and is very likable! She's the best online instructor I've ever had.
Thank you so much!! I was interested in Korean and this course is the best for people who baisic Korean!
It is a great course. The tutor is excellent. It is easy to understand and to achieve the goals on time.
It was amazing! I got to review all my grammar and learn new words! I hope they can open a level 2 soon!
This Course helped me a lot and I would highly recommend it to whoever is interested in learning Korean.
This course helped me relearn the basics of the Korean language in an entertaining way. 10/10 recommend!
A very good course! It would be great if there are some following courses to further improve our Korean.
It helped me better organize my learning. The lessons were easy to follow and the practice was helpful.
Thankyou so much for this course..Tbh I love this course and a great thanks to professor seung Hae Kang
the teacher has good teaching skills so this course makes me understand more about the Korean language.
Thank you Coursera, Yonsei University and to you Ms. Kang. I had a great time learning Korean Language.
It's a pretty complete course to learn the basis of korean, a great way to start learning the language.
This made it possible for me to fully understand the Basics of Korean and has motivated me to continue.
It was absolutely what I was searching for to learn. Yonsei University truly did justice to provide it.
that's a great couse for beginner.teacher's accent is easy to listen. Thank You Yonsei kam-sa-hab-ni-da
Lovely! Easy to learn and easy to understand. I will repeat another session for revision later. Thanks!
thank you for First step Korean  i can speak and read Korean a little bit but than never read thank you
it's easy to learn Korean. I am able to understand the basic words, the basic grammar from this course.
It is a comprehensive course. Simple and easy to follow. Important aspects of language use highlighted.
Thankyou coursera for giving me hanguel course and providing me easy way of Learning,thankyou!!!hatsoff
I love this lesson so much. Thank you for everybody. and then i would like to learn next Korean lesson.
Excellent introduction to Korean. The course has a very clear structure and the workload is manageable.
It was a wonderful experience to learn a new language and the instructor made the experience more fun!
Very easy to follow along, and provides excellent worksheets to practice with once the course Is over.
Very helpful modules and I really liked having the lecture notes to review the skills from each video.
Great! I used the course to review my Korean and it was great, plus they have really good study files.
Liked the classes.It is my second time learning a new language.But,I liked the quizzes and the videos.
it was a eamazing course i learned so much things in this weeks im so happy to get the KOrea diploma !
Really enjoyed throughout the course. Really neat explanation and very clear videos.Thank you so much.
Very interesting course. I really enjoyed to start learnig korean with this course. Wonderful teacher.
It was such a great experience. The method was great and I learned a lot with Seung 선생님. THANK YOUUU!!
So enjoyable and practical course ! Thank you for sharing opportunity to everyone to learn the course.
Thank you for advice and teach me. I so clearly and understood Korean alphabet and basic conversation.
The lesson is easy to learn and practical. Lecture notes after the lecture videos are the best things.
this course made me understand how to communicate in korean language in daily life. thank you so much.
This course helps me understand the Korean language that can be used in daily life. It is very useful.
This is an excellent course. Contents are quite suitable for beginners. Would recommend to my friends!
I really enjoyed taking this class! I learned so much, and the teacher made things easy to understand.
The course structure was very well-built for people who never had any exposure to the Korean language.
exceedingly exceedingly good course.taught very well.especially good for korean enthusiasts like me!!!
I'm in ove with my course, i'm learning faster as i can. And i can't describe how incredible its feels
I'm learning so much with this course. Korean now seems more easy to learn and comprehend. I loved it.
I really like this course. This course help me to know how to read and how to speak  Korean language.
It is an excellent course, I learned the basics of Korean, from Hangul to simple conversations.감사합니다!
It  was a little hard to do course. please make it more easy the pronunciation you say bit more easy.
Could include the pronunciation of the words in English below the sentences for easier understanding.
Excellent Course contents with explanations for all idioms and daily Korean language. Thanks so much.
I've learn how to read majority of Korean words and manage to communicate in simple Korean sentences.
Good place for learning Korean language!  After I've studied, I can apply in daily life. LOVE THIS :)
It was a really good experiance learning korean here. The course was well planned and well delivered.
This is a very good introductory course for everyone who want to study Korean! Really recommended it!
Very informative and educational. You will easily learn to speak korean language through this course.
It was really easy to understand her and the class was really helpful to me in learning the language.
It’s not to hard to do self-study. The teacher is clearly speak English. Really good course to learn.
I love this course very much, I hope in the future coursera will have more Korean language course. :)
A great introductory course that provides the fundamental building blocks of learning a new language.
Great Great Great course to start learning the first basic steps to learn Korean Language. Thank you!
I learned a lot from this course, though it was difficult because there was too much to do in a week.
Very good. The instructional videos are very informative and the pdf files really hrlp out a lot too.
I wanted to learn some Korean after watching their 2 movies.  This was a good introduction to Korean.
The teacher was really good, she is so nice. The classes was motivate to study and that helps a lot.
The course structure was just so amazing and easy to understand. It made learning Korean much easier
Our professor was amazing, I cannot thank her enough for all the information she taught us.Thank you
The course was comprehensive from the basic . I loved the way hangul and all the grammar was taught.
I've learned a lot from this and I'm gonna use what I've learned here when I come to Korea someday!!
Pecise and easy learning of korean language. Liked the methodolody and useful vocabulary we covered.
This was very helpful.  I can now understand how to read Hangeul. Practice makes perfect! Thank you!
I enjoyed how easy 선생님 discusses the lesson. It is a good course to start and practice 한국어 <3  고맙습니다
It was a great course to take! Really like how the professor instructed. Highly recommend to anyone!
I can learn the korean from the basic and i can learn this course whenever and wherever. thank you..
Great!! fun to learn. More practice will improve reading, listening and speaking in Korean language.
Very helpful to review my Korean, pointing out what I was missing. Very clear slides and explanation
Pretty appreciated 선생님, Korean is hard but study here is such interesting and fun! Thank you so much
it's good to learn new things  and know about korean language i love this course thank you saranghae
감사합니다!This course was very comprehensive and it uses very good materials. Good explanations as well.
Its so good..I have enjoyed learning and It's the best way to developing my korean language skill...
Studying is very fun. I don't have basic Korean. But can graduate Thank you for the good experience.
I learned so much ! 감삼합니다! I am looking forward to learning more Korean and expanding my knowledge .
a very nice teacher. these lessons cleared up a lot of information that was confusing to me before.
I loved the course, I learned a lot, I will certainly continue to study Korean.  Thank you so much!
Its very good course. I'll recommend this course if anybody interested in learning Korean language.
This course really helped me to learn basic sentences and daily conversations in Korean. Thank you.
I love it!  I recommend this course, it´s basic but very very important if you want to learn korean
Perfect course!!! I really was glad to pass it and would like more! It helped me a lot! 고맙습니다!!!!!!
Easy to understand and the learning pace is comfortable enough. Thank you Prof Kang and Yonsei Uni!
Good for Beginner. However, It's difficult when listening to Korean pronunciation in some sentence.
I enjoyed learning Korean with First Step Korean. Now to the next course about the Korean language.
It 's easy to understand the course because there are example, quiz and the teacher explain clearly
I really liked it! My mother tongue is Castellano and it helped me a lot in Korean and English too.
It is short and sweet. With every lesson, I am able to learn a lot without getting too overwhelmed.
Excellent Course!! I consider it is good to start learning this beautiful and interesting language.
This class was wonderful! As a visual learner, I learn better with images involved. Thank You Prof.
The best online Korean lecture I've ever seen, hope there will be more further lectures. Thank you.
I literally didn't know anything about korean language and with this course i learned really much.
I do recommend this course to all korean beginner learners. I have learned a lot from this course!
This course is perfect for beginners, Thank you so much to Dr.Seung Hae kang and Yonsei Univesity.
Easy to understand. Thank you for teaching me. I can read, write and understand some basic Korean!
Its a very good course.I really liked the structure and how they conducted the weekly quiz and all
I am really impressed, easy to understand and have a lot of vocabulary that can use in simple day.
This course is very well. Now , I can read and understand for a little. I really like this course.
The assessment is a bit easy. Everyone who want to learn Korean for the first time can learn this.
It's a course where you learn a lot of the basics you need in order for you to start your process.
So helpful, it's a great course,  take your time to listen and to practice and you will do great!
good course, the teacher teaches very well so that it's easy to understandthankyou for the lesson
Very simplified to learn, with a lot of animations and learning resources. Excellent explanation.
I got beginning usage knowledge in Korean language.This course suitable Korean language beginner.
Thank you so much for this course! I have refreshed my knowledge in Korean and learned a lot too!
when the teacher explains the conversation or vocab it's easy to understand and thank you so much
it really help me to learn korean, start from 0 to i can communicate in the daily life basically.
The course is so helpful! can't wait to enroll for another course offered by Yonsei University ;)
Fantastic course. You can tell why the Yonsei University is one of the top universities in Korea.
very easy for beginners, equipped with material that can be downloaded so no need to take notes.
great course! i was able to learn a lot. the instructor was amazing and very easy to understand.
Very informative. I really like how the course really introduces terms in a step-by-step format.
This course taught me a lot. It comprehensively deliver its content to the learners effectively.
Thank you for this course. You helped me better understand Korean language. Thank one more time!
very good. The First step Korean course was really great, easy to learn, and easy to understand.
Easy to understand and useful for everyday conversation!! Highly recommended for every beginner!
My English is not that good, but this is easy for understanding and listening. Thank you so much
The lesson is so easy to understand. I can talk in Korean after finished this course. Thank you.
It's a good course for who want to learn korea language. Thank you so much for made this course.
A very good introduction and glad to see Hangul and grammar being key and not just conversation.
i like the way the teach it helps me a lot. I'm happy because i can now understand more. thanks!
Very helpful in beginning to learn everyday Korean conversations and some mannerisms. Thank you.
Very useful, the lessons seem a little bit slow but they are very short so it's easy to keep up.
The course was easy. It was also fun. Visuals were helpful in understanding the lessons better.
I'm happy to learn from this courses. This courses make me know how to talk in Korean language.
I have taken Korean lessons before but this was the most informative and easiest to understand.
it was really good, helped me learn and understand basic Korean grammar and sentence structure.
I love this course, I've learned a lot, thank you very much teacher Kang Seung He.고맙습니다 강 선생님 ❤
Thank you so much. I have learned a lot from this course. I will keep learning korean fighting!
I like this course. It is very easy to be understood, and also I wish to learn more after this.
I learn more detail about korean, why the word come out with such terms, how the word pronounce
It is a very complete course, I hope in the future there more for continuous levels. Thank you.
I have learn a lot from this course. Thank you so much. I'm looking forward to the next course.
This was a great beginner course but would still recommend to have basic knowledge of hangul :)
This lesson is so useful and easy to understand about Korean language and can use in daily life
so thankful for this course that helped me learn so much for free! thank you ms. seung haekang!
This course is really good. It's easy to understand for the beginner student for Korean course.
I really enjoyed this course and it helps me to have a better understanding the Korean grammar.
I liked the course but I wish that the notes and way of teaching was a little more descriptive.
I liked the course but I wish that the notes and way of teaching was a little more descriptive.
Basic knowledge in Korean language , including greetings, questions and answers, time, location
I loved this course very much!  선생님 is very easy to understand and to learn from her.Thank you!
Thank you so much! This course is really interesting and full of useful information! Thank you!
this course is very nice the teacher is very kind and she is good at teaching thank you so much
I really like this course so much bacause it make me  understand ,reading and listening .Thanks
This course is great for beginners who want to get into the Korean language and how it is used.
I think this is an amazing course.  It really helped me find how to start with learning Korean.
Easy to understand! There is a lot of examples to grasp the content easily. Highly recommended!
The course is pretty good and very fundamental, I hope there will be more courses about Korean.
It was all easy to understand and taught me quite a lot I enjoyed learning for the first time.
I learn more about Korean culture and it's so fun to learn different language. Kamsahamnida ❤️
This was an excellent opportunity to start learning Korean and I'm more interested to get into
It was a very complete and dynamic course, I learned a lot, thanks for your time and knowledge
I love this course so much. I would like to say thank you Yonsei University. 나는이 과정을 가장 좋아합니다.
This course is useful for everybody who want to practice and learn how to use Korean language.
A very good introduction to the Korean language. The lectures was so entertaining , Thank you.
This is the first course I finnished and i rrly enjoy every single class.Thank you so much!!!!
Very effective and easy. But i will be very glad if certificate would provide in free of cost.
i love this course, so detail. it's recommended for people around the world. thank you so much
It's really easy to learn. The teacher explain every details and how to use korean. I love it.
the pace of the lecture is just enough to get a grasp of what the lecturer is talking about :)
At the very least, you'll be able to read hangeul. Helpful for ordering at Korean restaurants.
I love it. My korean has improved since I use this program.  Thank you for your great tutoring
Nice course, sometimes the questions and the answers were ambiguous but it went fine at end :)
not done with it yet, but love it so far, 2 days and i can already read some of the symbols :)
Sonsaengnim explained everything very clear. This a very good place to start learning Korean.
Very Informative and educational. Perfect course for beginners to start their Korean journey!
This course if very helpful for beginners. The professor is good at explaining it one by one.
Loved it. Thank you or the opportunity to learn some basic Korean. The teacher was excellent!
The teaching is very clear and straightforward! Very suitable for beginner  to learn Hangeul!
Great teachings and managed to learn the practical phrases for daily life. Thank you so much!
This course teaches Korean in a very detail way, easy to understand and it makes learning fun
I have learned a lot of vocabulary form this course and the teacher was expland very clearly.
I love this. It's my best course I've ever learned. Thank you. I will work hard to be better.
Thank you teacher to teach me.I can understand basic Korean because of you.Thank you so much.
Thank you for this good course. I recommend for all new learners :) Let you try and practice.
The professor speaks and teaches very well. The lessons were taught clearly and step by step.
This is very helpful especially knowing the basics of the language and sentence construction.
Excelent course for those who are beginners and want to learn Korean! The teacher is amazing!
This course is very good for first timers who wants to understand korean from the very basic.
I learned and understood so much in a short amount of time. I am able to work at my own pace.
This course is very useful for beginners. Thanks a lot very much for your great instructions.
i learned a lot about this course, and the instructor is very good learning here is too much.
Thank you. I have learnde many things in this study. And will be put into practice thank you
I learned how to read and write in korean. It's a good basic training. Thanks for your help.
This course was very helpful and interesting. I have learnt how to read and write in Korean.
It's a really great introductory lesson to Korean language, highly recommended to beginners.
The lectures are easy to understand. Also there is conversation to learn the pronounciation.
I thought the lessons were very clear, contained adequate practice, and appropriate quizzes.
Very interactive and helpful. Thank you so much for making this course available. 감사합니다 선생님.
it's very helpful for first step to  learn basic of Korean. It's very easy to understand it.
Very helpful, breaks down basic grammar just right, many chances for revision and repetition
I really like this course because very easy to understand and explain clearly about grammar.
it easy to learn korea. the starter can learn at home by themselves thank to make this class
yeah, it's lively course.Thank you, for such a good knowledge, teaching style is very good..
It was such an amazing class. It gave me all the tools I needed! I can now read in Korean :)
excellent course, Speed of this course is excellent and the way course is design is awesome.
I'm very happy with the course it was excellent!  I will like to learn more Korean language.
It's a great course for beginner. All the basics are wrapped up in one course. Worth taking!
Thank you very much! It's a very helpfull course. Now I can continue learn Korean myself. :)
This program helped me a lot and I enjoyed learning the basics of the korean language. 고맙습니다
Awesome class!!More courses please.Maybe some courses to prep for TopiK proficiency as well.
A nice introduction into Korean language - no previous knowledge needed. Highly recommended!
Just finished this course and I loved it  and most importantly I will miss you professor ♥️
Excellent course. The teacher is very clear in her explanations. I really enjoyed learning.
I have learned the basics of Korean because of the effective set up and course that this is
The good course one! Suit for the one who want to learn Korean without any basic knowledge.
really clearly to listen and understand, so now i feel skill up my Korean skills. thank you
Very comprehensive course. I easily learned basic Korean because of this course. Thank you!
It's really good for the begining! I'm so happy when I'm study Thank You Seung Hae Kang 선생님
Such a well organized class. Well explained and easy to understand. Loved taking the class!
This course get me to learn basic Korean, i love it and thx for teacher you teach very well
I think this is very clear and easy to follow for people who don't have in Korean language.
Very good lectures. I learned some of the Korean basics. It is very interesting. Thank you!
Thank you so much for such a excellent class. I wish Coursera distribute more Korean class.
This course was very easy to follow and kept me engaged. I thoroughly enjoyed every minute.
Thankful for the incredible experience that Yonsei University has provided for us students!
I'm a brasilian student and I'm happy to had participate this course. Thank you to help us!
Easy to follow and learn. Highly recommended. The downside is that the tests were too easy.
The teacher is really good and her style of teaching is really nice and easy to understand.
im so gratefulfor this cource i learned alot from it, about korean and about korean grammar
Really good to have a first contact with the language and inderstand the basic strutctures.
muy bueno¡¡ very good¡it's a couse very complet,i love it¡thank you YONSEI University <3 <3
thank you so much Yonsei University. the course is interesting and have really learnt alot.
Thank you so much! I learnt a lot! Nice course! Would love to take more Korean lessons! :-)
Good course I learned a lot I know it will help me when I go to Korea thank you very much.
Escellent course, and very explicit and simple for those of us who started studying Korean
I'm very happy to come across this course. It's always interesting to learn a new language
Very helpful for improving my Korean. 선생님은 speak English clearly so it’s easy to catch up.
This course really help me, thank you so much for this opportunity, I really enjoyed it <3
Good introductory (and challenging) course to kick-off your quest to learn a new language.
I just loved it, feel all the learning materials are so essential for daily conversations!
I loved the course! It is very clear and resourceful! Totally recommended for beginners :)
Better understand the basic of the Korean language. Can study at any tim every convenient.
Easily to understand what I've learned and also have a summary file to practice by myself.
it has been really great and i have learned a lot.i shall continue practicing this.

감사합니다
I think it easy to learn by yourself and Teacher explain in easy word and I can understand
Really helpful course. Understood a lot of the grammar and also learnt a lot of new words.
Very informational and thank you for the worksheets that have allowed me to practice work.
Now I can speak and write Korean. Thank you so much for teaching in an understandable way.
EXELENTE CURSO ,ME RESULTO UTIL Y PRACTICO,PARA NADA DIFICIL NI TEDIOSO,MUCHAS GRACIAS !!
This course is very helpful for beginners. I learn to read hangul easier tih this course.
Great basic course on the Korean language using an online classroom. Thank you, Coursera!
This class was very helpful and i do see myself advancing with the things i have learned.
Very good lesson for me. I easily learned to korean language thanks to Seung Hae teacher.
If you are looking for a good course that teach you about hangeul then this is right one.
It was a great course. In enjoyed the program and the learning materials are very helpful
I love how the professor teaches and her slides are very clear and straight to the point!
I like this course so much and the teacher taught so well. I recommend you to start this!
Now I want to go learn in korean , inside the yonsei university wait invited me Thank you
Enjoyed learning Korean! Totally recommend this course to anyone starting out. Thank you!
Excellent course. I hope Yonsei University adds more Korean language courses to Coursera.
In my opinion, I have learned a lot of knowledge about korean language from this course.
I would like to say. Thank you so much! I learned a lot and I awe to Yoensie University.
Good teaching, it s easy to understand,not too fast. Material for teaching is very good.
Very great for providing some foundational knowledge of the Korean language and culture.
This course is an excellent option to start learning Korean language. Excellent quality!
Beautiful Study Material,감사함니다 선셍님.나는 계속 한국어를 연습합니다,Have a great day,연세대 학교에 고맙습니다.! :))
This course is very useful for beginners. I have a good experience studying this course.
I appreciate to learn this course. It's really helpful for beginner level. Everyone 화이팅.
It was a great course, a big thank you to the Teacher and Coursera for this opportunity.
very easy to understand and easy to follow. Thank you for creating this course for free!
It was really informative and it really did help me understand the Korean language more!
This course is very helpful and make me understand more about korean grammar. I LOVE IT!
Thank you for teaching me in korean. After i learned i understood more than ever before.
Amazing teaching skills because within a short time I can understand and write in korean
Good for a beginner. this course is easy to understand. Now I can read Korean. Thank you
the professor was excellent.her explanation helped a lot when learning Korean!대단히 감사합니다!
Excellent but very difficult and fast, I mean we have lots of bubjects for a short time.
Great teacher! Easily pick up by following her lessons. Very useful!! Thank you so much!
Easy to understand for its step by step teaching method. I have enjoyed all my lessons!
This was my first time learning a foreign language. I really enjoyed and learned a lot!
It helps me to understand the basic thing in learning Korean. Thank you so much. 감사 합니다
I LOVED IT,THE PROFESSOR IS REALLY AMAZING . IT WAS A GREAT EXPERIENCE LEARNING KOREAN.
Easy to understand even i'm a beginner and the teacher is speak very clear. Thank you!!
this is the great start for the one who wanna learn Korean (my achievement  complete!!)
Really useful but not easy)). Thanks a lot for this journey. Will be glad to meet soon.
This course is very useful to learn the basic elements and ideas about Korean language.
Very good course. Easy to follow. I got a first sight of how the Korean language works.
The best for learning basic Korean.She can teach good pronunciation.I love this course.
So far, this course has really helped me learn Hangeul and has helped my pronunciation.
The videos are organized and of high quality. The professor is quite competent, too. :)
This course was awesome. It was really fun to do it and the teacher explains very good.
many many thanks YonSei University! I hope someday I can go to Seoul and study Korean!
Great course, it is truly a very helpful course. The professor is a very good as well.
This forum is the best am really happy to have learn a lot from a good teacher 감사합니더 ㅅ
im so happy because of this, thank you for everything, one day ill be living in korea!
Congratulations to me ! I think it' good course for really the first step in korean ;)
The lecturer is good enough in explaining it is good opportunity to learn Korean Word.
Perfectly paced, and accessible. Had a great time studying Korean through this course!
The materials are great and way of explaining is so clear and easily to be understood.
Super great and I would definitely recommend to any people wanting to learn basics!!!!
very helpful, I understood everything.every lesson is detailed and really well explain
This is a great course. I can understand Korean quickly and correctly.       감사합니다 선생님
Really good explanations on Korean language and culture. Great for absolute beginners!
I highly recommend this course. The teacher's pronunciation is good easy to listen to.
Thank you so much! This is free and very informative. I easily understand the lessons.
It is a great course for beginners which provides clear explanation and pronunciation.
I like korean culture ,it is the first time Ihave learn korean ,professer is very nice
Great experience of learning a very different and new language which is very helpful.
It was a course that I progressed with a lot of pleasure. Taught me a lot. I love  !!
I am glad that I took part in this course. Professor Kang is really good at teaching,
I totally loved the course and the way Ma'am teaches the course is very satisfactory.
I have learned so much from this course and I hope anyone reading considers taking it
This course is very excellent to person who want to get start to learn Korea Language
Very helpful for a beginner! This course clarifies the Korean grammatical rules well!
Practical and useful for first step course! The professor is great and well-detailed.
Seung Hae Kang is a very good teacher and made the course content easy to understand.
Amazing! This courses very interesting and easy to understand. You must try this one!
Prof. Seung Hae Kang was so engaging in her lectures. Thanks a lot for the knowledge.
The teacher is very kind and calm.  Pronunciation is easy to listen. I like it a lot.
easy to listen but hard to remember T^TI got a lot of vocabulary, That's great! 감사합니다
I am in love with korean language thank you so much.  I hope you do next step courses
Simple example to make the learning more understandable and fun. Great class overall.
every thing was perfect, you make the language  super easy  to learnthank you so much
Love the detailed explanation , tests and revision notes. Very happy with the course!
Amazing weeks with FSK, I've learned a lot. The contents are very useful, thankyou :)
This is an excellent course overall. Also, the teacher is great. I enjoyed it a lot.
It was an easy course through which one can learn the basics of the Korean language.
I really recommend this site, and a very useful medium to learn korean! Thank youu~~
Good introduction to Korean language! Looking forward to more lessons from Coursera!
Great course! Well explained, various examples, many topics covered. Excellent work!
it was 100% accurate because not only did I learn basic Korean but great experience.
I liked the visual and audio aspects as well as being able to print out work sheets!
It was fun and good for beginner! Should have add more cross culture to the content!
Relatively easy to follow if you pay attention and put in a little bit of effort. :)
This course made me more confident to pronounce a Korean. Good for every  beginner !
EXCELNETE CURSO FACIL DE ENTENDER Y APRENDER LAS PALABRAS BÁSICAS DEL IDIOMA COREANO
I think the teacher taught it easily  thank you for knowledge that you give it to me
very useful for student who want to learn about basic gramma,words and conversations
Excellent introduction to the Korean language.  Course materials are easy to follow.
I really loved this course. The lessons are simple and easy to understand. 선생님 감사합니다
This course is very useful for korean beginners. It teaches me to understand easily.
Finally i can read korean words and know how to communicate in korean (a little bit)
Professor taught so easy to understand. Presentations of the lesson are really good.
It's easy to understand. The teacher explains clearly in details with the materials.
The teacher so good. The pronunciation was clear and easy to listen. I love you 선생님.
even my english skill weak. i can uderstand what teacher teach is good for everyone.
First Step Korean, this course is so cute. Thank for teach me to learn about Korean.
Its a carefully thought out course where relevant and useful phrases can be learned.
So far, this course has been super beneficial to the process of  me learning Korean.
I really learn a lot, wish they have the next level so I can continue, thanks a lot.
It is an outstanding course to start learning the Korean language. Very recommended.
Really easy to learn and follow. And all the explanations was so easy to understand.
It is a really good course! The teacher explains very well and it is easy to follow.
A very nice introductory level Korean course. Easy-paced and details well-explained.
I'm so happy for this free course so i can learn more about korean language. Thanks
This is the most professional and detailed course that anyone can find on internet.
I really like this course. It help me to understand the Korean letters, culture etc
It was perpect. If you want to learn basic korean, this course will be help you :-)
Very nice course, easy to understand, study materials and example are provided well
Thank you for teaching Korean online. Teaching is very good. Thank you....대단히 감사합니다
it very clear and eazy to understand for beginner also it has a Eng sub thank you !
I already known the grammatical before this course improve listening skill so mouch
Learned so much. Very good from knowing nothing. Take some practice offline though.
Amazing course. Teaches all words one might need to know When conversing in korean.
Both the tutor and tutorial are amazing. I really enjoyed and learned a great deal.
This course is very helpful for those who wants to learn korean Thank you professor
Excellent course!A lot of vocabulary and practice, what is fore the most important.
teacher speak slowly and clear. it's good course for me, who don't good in English.
Explanations are easy to understand and material things are helpful, thank you 😘❤
This course helps me to learn the basic Korean and very easy to understand. 고맙습니다.
It was a good learning experience. I would love more courses on Korean. Thank you!
Good class. Everything well explained and therefore, easy to understand and learn.
gave you all the tools necessary for you to learn and finish the course with ease.
This course is really suited to foreigners who are about to start learning Korean.
This is an amazing course ! I definitely recommend this to any and every beginner.
I loved this course I have made a big progression in my korean language. Thank you
It taught me very well basic korean sentence structures and new vocabulary. Thanks
I always wanted to learn Korean Language and you help me a lot. Thank you so much.
its an beautiful course which will get you the basics of Korean language with ease
It’s so good but the teacher taught a bit too fast.Thank you for the good lessons.
This couse is very useful and make me understand the basic conversation of Korean.
This course is such a helpful for me and I enjoy spending quarantines time with it
Thank you so much madam, this lecture was very helpful for me.Best,Neslihan Bilgin
Good for every newbie. Easy to learn in online platform. 성생님 teachs likes it easy.
I LOVE ITIF I HAVE MONEY ,I'LL BUY THE FULL COURSETHANKS ANYWAYYOU HELPED ME A LOT
great for listening and comprehension, in addition to learning writing and reading
Clear lectures and notes to reenforce the content! One of the best courses on here
It was easy to follow the teacher and there was enough time to finish the classes.
I hope I could practice more whatever I learned from this. This course is awesome!
Everything was clearly explained at a comfortable pace. Thanks for the great help!
Great intro course with lots of vocabulary and ability to practice conversations!
The videos are really helpful if you want to learn the basics of korean language.
Really impressed with this course. Helps in basic hangul and gives good practice.
It was amazing learning Korean through Coursera, Thank You Yonsei University!! :)
I loved the teacher. she is really good! and I really enjoyed taking this course!
good instructor, really structure lesson. and also I got the basic. step by step.
fun to learn and easy to understand. It's a good course to start learning Korean.
The course is very easy and understandable to study. Glad that I took this course
good for beginner. but the font of reading material is a little bit hard to read.
The best course for me.I know about Korea language. l wil try always to practice.
this is very good course about korean that i ever learn and thank you about this.
This course is easy to understand and speaks English clearly.Thank you 고맙습니다,선생님.
A very professional and skilled teacher, an easy and complete program, thank you!
Easy to understand, good explanation and the tools are all perfect for beginners.
Quite good to learn and I can learn the basic when speaking and writing in Korean
The videos were very well planned out. Perfectly paced. Helped me get 100% easily
The course is very student friendly, easy to understand. THANK YOU SO MUCH MA'AM!
I loked it a lot. I learn to make some long sentences and my listening is better.
I learnt a lot through this course. The teacher explains everything very clearly.
This is the best Korean course I have ever seen. Highly recommend for beginners!!
This is for very basic learner. And I had really fun learning Korean. Thank you!
It is a easy course to learn Korean and you explain very well. Congratulation !!
Pretty useful for those people how never been in touch with the Korean language.
Its a great platform for one to get introduced to Hangul and Korean culture.....
I think adding real conversations were very interesting to learn korean language
Thank you for all of the great lessons and make me understand more about Korean.
Loved it, I will keep reviewing the notes and learning more vocabulary each day.
Loved the material!! 10/10 would recommend. Very easy to follow. It was amazing.
it was great course, now i have a better understanding about the Korean language
I really appreciate this course. It's an awesome Korean course for beginners. :)
Is a very useful course, with a clear information and very practical activities.
I've learned many thing in Korean from this course. this is so useful. thank you
I liked this course because it explained sentence structure and basics in depth.
ME PARECIÓ MUY PRACTICO Y MUY ENTENDIBLE, ADEMAS DEL MATERIAL PRACTICO, ME GUSTO
I enjoy the first step Korean course, its easy to understand and you learn fast.
nice course. i enjoyed learning Korean from the Yonsei University. Kamsamnida :)
I sudied korean in the past but really I learned  lot of things, so is the best.
The course is not that rush meanwhile I can learn a lot about Korean from start.
Great explanation and the exercises helped a lot. Loved it. i've learned a lot.
It's great, I hope for more contents in the future for learn more about korean.
Great beginner course. A little knowledge of the alphabet is definitely needed.
I really enjoyed it and learned a lot from it and I just want to say thank you.
Great Course! Great teachers. A bit hard to memorize things, but overall great!
The material was very helpful. The professor is excellent and teaches very well
It is easy to follow, with Teacher Kang teaching all the correct pronunciation.
Wow this coures is very good now I can have a lovely conversation with my Sehun
thank you for teaching. i'm happy to learn about it.so funnyLove this course !!
I really like this course. I have improved my korean skill because this course.
this is a really good course and i would recommend anyone who's learning Korean
I learned a lot and the lessons were really useful. I can't wait to learn more.
Easy to understand by speak slowly. I can do listening and speaking better also
This is a good course and easy to understand. Thank you for a free trial course
I like this so much. i learn the basic word and structute about this languages.
Excellent, It guides you step by step from the basics. I learned a lot from it!
Very helpful course. Teaches you the basics and builds you up until your a pro.
Excellent! Please, I other course about Korean but in really with certificated.
I love this program, thank you so much I learned a lot, I hope you do very well
This course is very helpful for the beginner. It is easy to learn and to grasp.
AWESOME course for Korean learning i want more this type of course for learning
I like the way everything was presented and taught. I learned a lot. Thank you!
I enjoyed this course, it was very fun and interesting to learn. I´m grateful.
I loved it!! I learned a lot, but I still have some difficulties with numbers.
Great learning experience, will practise more and get more fluent. Thank you!!
This is a great course to all who wish to learn the basics of Korean language!
Great course! I never learned Korean before and I enjoy this course very much!
The course was amazing. A very good start to anyone who wants to learn Korean.
It was so helpful! I learned a LOT. Wish we had free certificates though :( <3
This is so amazing. I hope there is more level to Korean Language. Thank you!!
That course contain all the needful things which help us to learn more. thanks
Tanks for teaching me some Korean hanguel I will continue to take your classes
Thank you everything ! If I have the time,I will  learn korean language more !
This class was fun and easy to understand for beginnerlet's try something new!
Very helpful in learning Korean. I feel I can now say words I couldn't before.
You learn more than you expect at a basic level. It´s perfect and veru useful.
Thank you very much for this course. I learned so many Korean words from this!
Thank you. I enjoy learning basic Korean and I will always try to practice it!
All rounded course with vocabs, listening, basic grammar, reading and writing.
Good for beginner.I am looking forward to study intermediate level. Thanks/May
Very useful introduction to Korean - wish there was a Second Step on Coursera!
Easy to follow the lessons. Not to hard for a newbie like me. Really enjoy it.
I love this course so much. To easy for the beginner. Just try. You can do it.
It's easily understandable for the basic level. Thank you for teaching me! ( :
I really struggled with telling the time in Korean and this helped me so much!
This is a well structured program which makes it easy to understand and learn.
Compared with other online Korean classes, the courses here is very effective!
Very good and easy to learn korean language, specially for complete begineers.
Its a very good course for beginners and I would highly recommend this course.
It's a great course for anyone wanting to begin their Korean language journey!
I got a lot of information about hangeul thanks to this course! kamsahabnida~~
I love this course! It helped me so much since I'm beginning to lean Korean :)
solid intro to korean! easy for starters (with east asian language background)
GRACIAS POR BRINDAR ESTA OPORTUNIDAD A CHICOS DE TODO EL MUNDO.정말 고맙습니다!!!!!!
Every student who is looking for a good korean basic course should join this.
I really loved this course! Is one of  the best opctions for learning korean.
It’s very nice I learned Korean so fast compared to other learning ways 감사합니다
Great course.  Special gratitude towards the professor who taught  diligently
coursera helps me to know more about hangul. now i can read and write hangul.
Good course with well structured and excellently presented by Professor Kang.
The lessons are very well paced and informative. I enjoyed the lessons a lot.
Best course to start learning korean.Simple and effective teaching technique.
Teacher taught quite easy to understand and lesson can be used in daily life.
It was very helpful and the explanation to each topic was easy to understand!
Easy to learn. I can get a lot of knowledge about korean. Thank you so much^^
I have learn new language I am very excited to pass successful... This course
I am glad to learn Korean language with Seung Hae Kang teacher . 감사합니다 선생님 😊
I’ve come to learn so much more Korean while working on these courses. 감사합니다.
I learned so much with this class, it was very easy to understand everything!
Really good course. The way the class are set, makes it easier to understand.
Thank You Coursera, this first step korean language course means a lot to me.
Great study material and flawless guidance. I'll keep practicing! Kamsabnida!
I will highly recommend this course if you are a beginner in learning Korean.
its really good for beginner,and the setting was nice & system was reasonable
This is a great starter for my journey towards mastering the Korean language.
it's fun! the teacher taught the lesson slowly and i can understand it well!
Excellent guide and design. Very clear explanations. I really appreciate it!
I got to learn so much about Korean language and the teaching was very good.
i'm currently preparing for my exchange to korea, this is extremely helpful!
Every lesson was simple to understand and put what we learned into practice.
It was amazing♥️ I can learn easily. Thanks to all and thanks to my lecturer
i got a lot of information how to speak in korean simply conversation great!
Excellent course with great guidance, and videos. I enjoyed every bit of it.
It's easy to understand for beginner. Everyone must learn this course first.
It's very goodI recommended it to friends who want to start learning Korean.
I have learned about basic Korean. This is the best course for the beginner.
It is very useful for the beginner who wants to learn some basics of Korean.
i think this course to easy to learn for the beginning. thank you for video.
This is my first time experience to online class. So good and new experience
Thank you so much. I've got a lot of knowledge for this class.I love korean.
It's a very good course. teacher taught slowly so make it easy to understand
Great course, it provides simple explanation which is is really great for me
The method used in this course is easy to understand. Helpful for beginners.
it was a wonderful class to help me start to transition into moving to Korea
such an amazing and easy course to understand. Definitely would recommend!!!
I find this course very easy to understand. They explain everything clearly.
The way of teaching was very good and I was very excited. Thank you so much.
Great for beginners.Lessons are very detailed and related to Korean culture.
This course can make me know the real pronunciation word of korean language.
very useful course. you must take this course for beginning to learn Korean.
Its amazingly more simple to learn Korean than I thought it was going to be!
The teacher is so bad, I think Vietnamese teacher can teach better than her!
The best course... i can learning about korean language as well.. thank you
the course helps me improve my korean. it's very understandable. thank you.
This course is very good. I can understand each lesson that ssaem has gave.
i really learn a lot i wish there was more courses to keep learning korean.
I didn't know, leaning a new language would be this much fun and easy.고맙습니다
It is a great place for beginners to learn to speak and write basic Korean.
Thank you for teaching Korean this time. I have more fun and understanding.
This course is very good because it is easy to remember and not complicate.
This course makes me learn Korean in more easier way than I learn by myself
Thanks for the very good lessons. I enjoy and get good knowledge of Korean.
it's very useful and easy to understand. i want to learn more about Korean.
Amazing course that contributes a lot to understanding the Korean language!
Very well designed and great explanation with lots of examples to practice.
Thanks alot. I learn how to read Hangul from this course. its help me alot.
The best course for me. Thank to make me know about korean language better.
Excellent for beginners! Would be nice to continue with intermediate level.
The most effective thing was that the videos were short and easy to digest.
Very helpful especially to those who are starting learning Korean Language.
good course,  with  accessible and interesting presentation of the material
It was really helpful, especially if you want to do your college in Korea.
Thank you. could learn many useful things and was vary easy to understand.
It's easy to understand! I just need to practice, practice and practice...
Thank you! I enjoyed the whole classes! It was fun and easy to understand.
The method that is used is effective for beginners and easy to understand.
reach a great level with this course I really like it
thank you very much!
This course provides me with the basic Korean speaking and writing skills.
it is little challenging for the beginner without basic but really helpful
I really liked it, the course helped to understand more about basic korean
This experience of learning korean language was so good. I gained so much.
Thank you so much! You're very patient teacher . I've learnt a from you :)
it's easy to understand , and very fun to learn korean language.Thank you.
It really helped me out with learning Korean and its a really recommended!
I have learned so much from this course. Thank u very much for the effort.
Super easy to follow, and you could enjoy learning it at anytime you want.
I like studying Korean very much. Teachers are easy to understand and fun.
Thanks a lot for made this course. It is very useful for beginner i think.
great course! thank you so much professor/ma'am . you are a great teacher!
Professor teach Korean language understand easily. Thank You So Much!!! TT
Its helped me alot. The instructor was also very good. Totally recommended
Amazing basis for learning. I would really like to study in Korea one day.
Suitable and easy to understand for zero to none Korean background learner
I hope there will be more sessions of this course. I really learned a lot!
I have learn so much even though I just started it's fun and exciting too.
IT'S EASY TO LEARN FOR A BEGINNER LIKE ME :D I LOVE IT , THANK YOU SO MUCH
It has severely improved my Korean, giving me lots of vocabulary and tips.
Great course! I hope that in the future more korean courses are available!
Good start for those who want to learn Korean Language and Korean Culture
I really learnt a lot through this course. Thank you Mrs. Kang very much.
This is very helpful as I am planning to take the Topik Exam. 감사합니다, 선생님!
The module was very helpful and it was created in a progressive learning.
Finally i can read hanguel syllables. Koomabsoobneelta. Ahnneonghasaeyoo?
I learned a lot! I’m very grateful that this was free and simple to learn
this is my first time study korean.it's very interesting study.thank you.
First Step Korean really helped me learn a great amount of Korea grammar!
the course teach me to learn Korean language easily and fun 고맙습니다 선셍님.^_^
It's very fun. I've learned many korean grammars and vocabs. thank you <3
Great teacher! Very easy to understand, and interesting at the same time!
this course is very good for people who want to learn korean for beinning
I have learned basic useful conversation and new vocabularies, Thank you.
Very helpful with the basics of the language and very flexible. Love it!!
Easy to follow and very clear explanation.  Though lack written exercise.
This course is very good for beginners who want to learn Korean language.
it was really stupendous, extraordinary, helpful really thank you so much
this course was so good .thank you! I'm looking forward to the next step.
Thank you. Now at least I know some sentences when watching korean movie.
Very helpful vocabulary with simple and useful explanations and examples.
great explanation with easy to learn module, thank you seung hae kang ssi
Thank you very much for this course ! Hope to have other korean courses !
Very helpful and amazing course .I will surely recommend it to my friends
Very clear and easy to understand. Maybe the quizzes are a little simple.
I like this course. I like Korean. I want to learn more about the Korean.
Excellent course thus far! I'm sure it will continue to be until the end!
Prof. Kang is has nicely delivered all lectures and explained very well.
I really learned a lot and gained certificate. Thank you so much. 감사합니다.
very helpfull to learn about new korean vocabulary and make conversation
this was the best way and simpler way to learn Korean and i learnt a lot
Great  course! I really  enjoyed  it. However, No certificate was given.
Love the course, was a great introduction to the Korean language. 가사합니다.
Its very easy to understand and give us a lot of additional words to use
This course is so good for a beginner to start learning Korean language.
Good course to start to learn Korea language, thank you for this course.
this course is very good, teaching step by step very easy to understand.
This course was really well explained and the perfect one for beginners.
I can read and write Korean language from this course. Thank you teacher
Great course for beginners! I thoroughly enjoyed myself and learn a lot!
There are excelleny for the beginner who never ever learn korean before.
This course is easy for foreigner who loves Korea like me! Thanks alot!!
Very interesting, all explanations are clear, thank you for this course.
Amazing loved it so much! It really helps me to improve my Korean. 고맙습니다
The best course for learning korean! I'm thankful with Yonsei University
that's great course , thank you for this course, wait the next course :)
Great introductory course with lots of explanations and useful examples!
Hangul was taught in a very in-depth manner.  Very helpful for starters!
Great! it makes look Korean language very easy and practical. I love it.
A great course to learn the Basics of Korean language. Thank you! 감사합니다!
It was a great course to learn basic korean. I'd definitely recommend it
Thank you so much. With this course, i have so much fun learning korean
Very good course I enjoyed all this time learning Korean with Mrs. Kang
It's really the first step beginners.seriously,the prof taught so well.
So useful  and easy to understand! Thank you very much for your work :)
It was really good more and the learning process is easy to understand.
Very good! Really easy to understand and the practices helped me a lot.
This is very good course and easy to learn for the beginner. Thank you.
Everything is explained very well and its easy to memorize the lectures
Such an amazinf course for learning your first korean words and phrases
the teacher was really nice and thorough, explained exceptionally well.
It is very easy to comprehend and I think the lecturer did a great job!
It starts from the basic, learning hangul and the teacher is very good.
Great teacher and good course. I will waiting for korean step 2 course.
its really great way to learn korean. now im able to talk like korean;)
Good Learning to Start off...speaking and understanding Korean Language
This course really help me with my Korean. I loved everything about it.
it is really good for beginners. for learning some grammer ,daily talk.
Very helpful and wonderful classes to learn Korean language. Thank you.
I like this course very much.It's easy to learn and easy to comprehend.
A very good and detailed course for total beginners of Korean language!
This is a really nice and active course if you have the time to commit.
I would love to find another opportunity like this one again. So gratef
really learned a lot from the course and the patient teacher, thank you
It´s very useful for those who wants to learn a new language as Korean.
Thank You for this course. It was quite helpful in knowing the basics.
고마워요. 선생님!! This is a very useful course to learn korean. Five stars!!
Korean made easy. Thank you so much. It was a pleasure learning Korean
This course so useful for anyone who interests in the Korean language.
The class was very good and amazing. But I didn't get the certificate.
This course really helped me in leveling up my korean language skills.
thank you so much for the great explanation. it was really interesting
easy to learn korean by yourself all the lesson are easy to understand
I loved that they build each lesson like stepping stones week to week.
Teacher teach easily to understand and I can get word from this course
I really feel like I bettered my understanding of the Korean Language.
Very well made course it makes you feel confident about learning Korea
best course to learn korean language for basic daily life conversation
Great course. Very organized and easy to follow. I really recomend it.
Thanks for good materials and lesson. I hope there are advance course.
Thank you very much!! this course really helped me in learning Korean
It was very complete, Im very thankful for give me all that  learning
I really enjoyed a lot during all the sessions. She is a great tutor.
The way it was taught was easy to understand and apply the knowledge.
The best course to start learning Korean, it is easy and informative.
It's an amaizing course, I've learnes a lot in the past five weeks <3
Really helped me me understand sentence formation and reading Hangul.
Learning a new language is hard but I learned a lot from this course!
I appreciate the professor's effort in teaching a beautiful language.
Great explanations, amazing additional resources, and easy to follow.
This course was very informative and very helpful in Learning Korean.
Really helpful. I've learned a lot and now I understand basic Korean.
This is the course that you are able to start learning Korean easily.
Such a very good course for the beginner who want to study Korean. :)
Made my first step for Korean language using this course. 감사합니다 강서셍님!
I got a lot of knowledge from this class. So appreciate!! 고맙습니다 선생님~~
This course was very educational and the instructor was very helpful.
Learning Korean during this quarantine is such a really fun activity!
i had good experience to learn this course and i will always practice
This language is difficult but with this course I improved my skills.
Very informative and easy to follow. Will recommend for any beginner.
This course was easy to follow and perfect for beginner level Korean!
thank you for helping me ,i will keep learning from this website 👍🏼
Very easy and clear to understand! Great courses for learning Korean!
Great course ! I hope there will be more Korean courses on Coursera !
This course is so good. I learned many things, on a easy way. Thanks!
Just a very helpful and amazing course. I really enjoy it. Thank you.
I wish there was a continuation of this program! It was really great
Nice course, i hope next course would be focus on EPS TOPIK Material
the materials were really easy to learn and understand! 선생님 감사합니다 <3
i love it, everything its so well explained<3 the teacher is great<3
thank you for making this course. it helped me a lot to study korean
감사합니다 ❤️❤️ This course really help me to learn a new language 💪🏻❤️
Easy to understand the courses with simple explanation from lecturer
The teaching is very easy to understand step by step of basic Korean
The teacher really good at explaining and the course really great!!!
I enjoyed so much. It's easy  to understand. Thank you for teach me.
I loved this class. It really gave confidence and taught me so much!
Thank you! It was really helpful!!! I loved it! I really enjoyed it!
It is really a comprehensive and useful courseAnd it was interesting
These lessons are very helpful. Thank you so much teacher. 선생님 감사합니다
It's an easy to understand teaching.  And very comfortable to study.
Ms. Seung Hae Kang's lesson really understandable and easy to follow
That's good. I have a basic skill for Korean and easy to understand.
very satisfied and happy with the course structure and learning pace
thank you so much for giving such an easy explanation to understand.
I really like the professor and the way she conveys the information.
this course is totally helpful in learning the basics. thanks a lot!
I loved it, this course was really helpfull :D I'll keep practicing.
Really easy to follow, well presented and good materials. Thank you~
A great course for people who want to learn basic korean, excellent.
I've really learned a lot ! this course was very useful ! thank you
I learn the basic and want to learn further Thank you coursera감사합니다
This course was helpful for me to understand basic korean language.
very detailed, easy to hear, easy to learn. THE WORTH IT CLASS EVER
It’s not hard. It’s so fun and enjoy to class. I like it very much.
Super fun and not super overwhelming. I really enjoyed this course.
The learning materials are simple, systematical, and easy to follow
It helped a lot to be familiar with Korean more than I already was.
It's perfect! Thank you so much, I learned so much and really well!
The lecturer was very impressive, the course itself is very useful.
Thank you for this great course. Please continue to the next levels
It´s a simple and very well explained course. I highly recommed it.
Good course for first learner, could add more content to the course
Interesting. Good methology. I wish the second part of this course.
It is great, I like it and would like to study again in the future.
I love this course. This helps learn Korean in a comprehensive way.
Very clear and easy, leads you on the track to the Korean language.
The content is easy to follow, hope you have more course like that
I want to have more such korean language courses for more progress
This is the best course to follow as a beginner in Koren Language.
The best course to start learning the Korean language and culture.
this course is awesome for beginners. i am glad i took this course
Soooo helpful for a non native speaker like me! Thank you so much!
like it! it goes literally step by step, so it is easy to catch up
Comprehensive review of korean language for beginner conversation!
describtion is really good and it easy to understand, I love it !!
This course make me proud to myself ,, great job!!!감사합니다 from 태국😁
It was very helpful and I enjoyed learning! Thank you to Coursera!
Very nice course if you are a beginner.All the basics are covered.
This is the best Korean lesson for beginners!!! thank you so much.
Thank you very much for a wonderful Korean course for the beginner
Good introductory course, especially to help with pronunciation:-)
This was a great beginners course with lots of examples and vocabs
it is easy to know how to practice, and it is clear to understand.
This course is very useful for beginners. I'm highly recommend it.
The course is taught step by step with a very organised structure.
i think that this course is amazing because teach a lot vocabulary
It's really easy to follow and I found it was the best one for me.
I am very happy with this course. It's easy and helped me a lot :)
This is a good course for beginners who studying korean language!
Very descriptive and easy to understand, keep up the great work!!
The course was very thorough in explaining what I needed to know.
It is really good for the ones that are starting learning Korean.
This course was very informational. It was fun and easy to learn.
THANKS TO THE AMAZING TEACHER AND THE GREAT TOPICS IN THE COURSE!
Thank you for basic korean course. I will practice more and more.
It's an amazing course to have an idea about the Korean language.
really easy to understand and it has a lot of vocabulary to learn
Course is really good and it really helps but it could be better.
I had learnt from the beginning and can use it in easy daily life
This is very good Korean languague course for beginning to learn.
This course id not too much difficult thank you to shared this.<3
Great lessons and easy to learn. Would recommend to any beginner.
Very nice course. Was easy to grasp easily. Really appreciate it.
it was awesome learning Korean. i have gained  a lot of knowledge
Very simple and easy to understand for beginners to learn Korean.
Everything is clear and organised! This site is extremely helpful
The speed is not so fast so that I could study well. Thank you!!!
Wow nice course. I can read hangul from this course, very useful.
Learned a lot in a little amount of time.  Thanks for the Course!
Excellent course and excellent Teacher! Thank you Professor Kang!
I'll recommend the course to anyone interested in learning Korean
I agree that my feedback may be viewed by the Coursera community,
Great introduction to the writing system for first time learners.
i know and practice a lot so now i can speak Korean a little bit
very informative and easy to learn! recommended for beginners :)
the teaching is very good, i understand many things .. thank you
Thank you so much mam for this beautiful and informative course.
Very good course. I hope you will introduce more of such courses
I really like the professor nd please can I get free certificate
I really liked this course, it helped me a lot and it was so fun
Now I know how to write and the real pronunciations of the words
that was great thank you so much. looking forward to learn more.
I really enjoyed this course, I'm looking forward to learn more!
really helpful and makes learning conversation Korean very easy.
it is just the beginning for me , it is amazing course thank you
fantastic experience thank you to coursera and Yonsen universtiy
Very helpful and fun course to get started with learning Korean!
it's one of the great courses for beginners, highly recommended!
Excellent teaching skills and made easy to learn korean language
Perfect for beginners of learning Korean! Yonsei University 화이팅!
This is a great course for me, thank you for making this course.
it was easer than i thought even, i couldn't complete it earlier
Thank you very much ! This course is the best I've chosen. 고맙섭니다
Wonderful thank you to help me to make my projet come true 고맙습니다
Really helpful, the material and the video are clear, good for b
I've learn a lot of korean with this course.  Thank you so much!
SOOOOO MANY THANKS!! And looking forward an INTERMEDIATE lesson!
Its was very good for learn korean!! Thanks Yonsei University <3
Great!!, very well explained. Thank you so much for this course!
Amazing course. The set up made learning basic Korean very easy.
I love it, the course is so dinamic, and the teacher is great!!
It was an amazing and helpful course to me, thank you very much
It was good, the classes are very interesting and also dynamic.
I´ve learned a lot and wish more courses for korean language!!!
I like this course so  much.It is easy to understand.Thank you.
I like how each lesson is presented and the pace of the course.
I love this course. it make my skill increases. thankyouuuu!!!!
The instructor clearly explains the language in an easy manner.
Easy to follow and understand.Thank you so much for the course!
great course to learn some basic Korean! Definitely recommended
i really learned something, and the course is great structured.
I love this course so much. Help me to improve my Korean skill.
it's very thorough and very helpful. Hoping for the next class!
This course is very informative for me. It's easy for beginner.
It is very helpful for person who want to start learning Korean
감사합니다! I've learnt so much and Ms. Kang is so kind and patient!
I really love this course. It is so well paced and informative.
I learned so much in this course. Thank you I can read hangeul.
This course is VERY helpful and would recommend it to everyone!
This course is really helping me to learn basic korean language
it was so great. i've learned a lot from this course. thank you
I love this course because this course have material for study
Amazing teaching very simple to understand ,learn and remember
Very interesting and effective learning basic korean language.
Well structured course, Easy to understand and learn.Thank you
It was an amazing experience and i learned so much! Thank you!
Extremely helpful and I was able to learn and grasp very well.
This course was so meticulously taught. I enjoyed every moment
That's good for first step to learn korean...Every one can do.
Its amazing it can help a lot of students to learn this course
The course was well structured and easy to learn and practice.
This course was very nicely structured and easy to understand!
Great experience. Learnt something new. Professor is too good.
This course is very good for beginner who ant to learn Korean.
Having fun learning , I know how to write and read korean now.
The lessons are easy to understand. I enjoy this course a lot.
This course is excellent. I have learnt a lot from this lesson
Useful but not easy. Worth the time and effort to learn Korean
very good and systematic course to learn korean for first time
Good Course!!!Teacher teach very clear and easily to learning.
I speak more fluently but I think it's a bit fast for beginner
I learn a lot of basic grammar and many more of the vocabulary
I have learned to many words and I think now I can talk Korean
Thank you so much. I learned a lot from this course.감사합나다 선생님.
Good organization! Teacher speaks very clear! Congratulations!
This course developed my skills.This course helped me alot....
simply sums up what you really need as the basic korean course
you would be able to learn the basic of korean by this course.
I really like the course. It is easy to understand and follow.
I really liked the set up. It was really easy to follow along.
Takes you step by step in learning Korean, really recommended.
Tough but wonderful course! Ms. Seung Hae Kang was fantastic!
The course made it easier to understand basic Korean grammar.
this lesson is very interesting and easy to learn, thankyou!!
It was very helpfull. Learnt and enjoyed a lot. Gumapsmida 🙏
Great course! Very well explained and with a lot of examples!
Easy to understand topicsClear instructionsI enjoyed learning
The course is well structured and the pace was easy to follow
It was very helpful , thank you for your hard work evryone !!
It's easy to learn and easy to understand! Good for beginner!
this course is so cool for beginners to learn korean easily .
To gain more knowledge and better to understand   Korean more
it's not easy but everyone can try everyone can do, thank you
고마워요! 저는 강선생님의 스타일를 좋아해요. For those who are taking this, 화이팅!
Thank you for a wonderful course!!! It’s a very good course .
This course is very interesting and good. Thank you soo much.
This is the best course for who want to study Korean language
Clarification People who are not fluent in English can learn.
It is a good opportunity to start learning a foreign language
Excellent! Well prepared and organized, I enjoy every lesson.
The instructor is great. She explained every thing in detail.
a totally great course for learners to enter korean  language
very useful for Korean basic learning and easy to understand.
Easy to learn with examples so students can understand better
Helpful Course :) Thank you for coming up with such a course.
Exactly what I needed to get me started.  Thoroughly enjoyed.
I like this course very much. I will keep on learning Korean.
A great learning resource especially for first-time learners.
Easy, interesting, and very clear! Thank you for the course!
An excellent platform to start once Korean language journey.
This course is very good for me.Thank you very much,teacher.
Excellent, I really enjoyed the classes and I learned a lot!
This course is a very good alternative for beginners like me
This course is well organised. Thank you so much. Well Done.
Excellent! This is the easiest way to learn Korean Language!
Thank  you Coursera for this wonderful learning opportunity.
Such a great learning Session Thanks a lot couse Instructor.
Well curated course materials, easy to learn and understand!
It is the best and easy course to learn the Korean language.
Good page for beginners who are about to learn new language.
Very good intro to Korean course. Would recommend to others!
Thank you , It very good to be study at home in Corona virus
good teaching, easy to understand. I really like this lesson
Thank you for the good beginning of the Korean language. :-)
it's really helpful! i'm glad i got to complete this course!
Good one to be your first step in learning korean language .
I know many words and grammar for the lesson. Thank you.  ^^
Your course take me more confident to talk to Korean people.
Thank you teacher. I get many new knowledge from this class.
Lecture, handbook and quis is really help to to learn korean
Thanks for such a great course. One of my best achievements.
A nice, concise introduction to Korean language and culture.
Very easy to follow explanations and good material to study.
I really like it I totally enjoying learning Korean language
This course help me understand more about Korean, Thank you.
It's very nice course, i can learn korean languange easily.
its so fun for learning korean with more time for practice.
very good course for beginner to learn Korean! thank you :)
It was really helpful and very easy to understand. 너무 고맙습니다
Super recomended, i like a lot the way to teach everything.
this course really help me, try this and you won't regret!!
Learning at Coursera is more enjoyable, which makes it easy
I´ve had a nice experience while learning with this course.
I really loved learning korean .They taught me so well고맙습니다
I Loved this course this is easy to learn for beginners....
An amazing platform to learn the basics of Korean Language.
Very well explained and nice exercises to practice grammar.
Teacher Kang makes korean much more easy. Thank you so much
Thank you for helping me to make one more step to my dream.
Very interesting lesson. Friendly to the beginner like me!!
This course help me so much to undersatand Korean language.
This course gives me a lot of vocabulary. It's really good.
I can read korean alphabet and get in simple conversations.
the teacher is well speaking announce and clear in any part
Step by step progression which makes it easy to understand.
The best course for the beginner who wants to learn Korean.
this is very good for foreigners thank you for this course.
The lessons are very easy to understand. Thank you so much!
Great teacher but sometimes poor examples to learn fixable.
easy can finish and understanding the fundamental of Korean
Very good and pleasant course. I recommend it to everybody.
It's a very great course! I learn a lot! Thank you so much!
Easy to understand the basic of Korean. I love this course!
Great program to study korean ! Thanks to author of program
Very useful!Looking forward to the further course!너무 기대합니다！
Now I can speak the basic conversations in korean language
The explanations were very clear and the exercises useful.
Thank you so much! It help me a lots to improve my korean~
This course really helped me a lot in improving my Korean.
It was wonderful, very informative and easy to understand.
It was very expicit, a lot a vocabulary and really usefull
I thought it was excellent. I learned a lot thanks to you.
The course was very useful, personally and professionally.
It is of great help to understand the daily life of Korean
Thank you, professor. It's a great lesson. It helps a lot!
Good lesson ,easy to under stand <3 seonsaengnim saranghae
I enjoyed this course and learnt a lot from it. Thank you.
Thanks for this course, Coursera! I've enjoyed it so much.
I really like this course. I improved myself about Korean.
It was so much fun and easy learning Korean with coursera.
The teacher is really nice and soft spoken. 나 이고 완전 추천합니다!
This course is great! It is simple and easy to understand.
Excellent Lecturer!!!  you made my day for learning Korean
i got much more knowledge to talk with my korean's friend.
Good for first learner and easy to catch up and understand
Great instructor and very clear in the method of teaching.
The teacher taught me a lot.English are easy to listen to.
Very nice presentation. Very convenient pace for learning.
Great course to learn a new language. Thank you very much.
Very easy to follow, great explanations, many thanks 감사합니다
Really useful especially for beginners. Thank you so much!
Very useful and best beginner course of Korean ever taken.
Really helpful for beginners to learn Korean from scratch.
I really enjoyed the way they taught korean. Recomended ;)
Thanks to the instructor! Learned a lot from this course!
wow so great course so far,, thank you my korean teacher.
Well explained and simple to understand. Useful material.
Not too hard for non-Korean and also non-English speakers
For learning basic of Korean, this is an amazing course!!
This course is very useful to help you get used to Korean
It's good to know basic of Korean and easy to understand.
Thank you for the opportunity to learn Korean Language ❤️
this course really healped me in learning korean language
this course helped me a lot in my journey to study Korean
Great teaching!!! I really learned a lot! Komapshimnida!!
So helpful! Loved the class so much to improve my Korean!
It's really helpful to learn the basic of korean language
Easy to learn and the professor is awesome. Recommended!!
This course has given the footsteps of me learning korean
Great lesson , easy to understand ,proper handouts needed
Good to learn in first step for Korean language. Thanks!!
This courses so useful and easy to understand , thank you
Teacher speaks quite slowly so this is easy to understand
it's great course for beginner to study Korean. Thank you
this course is so good for beginner  . i really love it .
Thank you for your good teaching. It very understandable.
This course will be a good step to start learning Korean.
It's very good to learn basic korean ! easy to understand
The explanation is so clear and understandable. Good job.
songsennim jangg!i loved the way she taught the language.
excellent course to help you navigate the korean language
thanks for your help hope if there level 2 of this course
Excellent courseSuperb teachingBest contentsHighly useful
One of the best introductions to this amazing language!!!
It is great.  I can learn better here than in real class.
This course really helped me review the basics of Korean.
thank you it was a great experience learning this course
I learned a lot. I am very grateful for this opportunity
Step by step learning, easy to understand. Great course!
i was impressed in 10 weeks i was able to read in korean
I Love the way she teach. It's very easily to understand
Very helpful, detail explanation, very beginner friendly
That was so fun studying korean language with Mrs. Kang.
I loved it. It´s the best korean course that I´ve taken.
Excellent for beginners. This course was organized well.
ME ENCANTO LA CLASE, LAS EXPLICACIONES SON MUY CLARAS!!!
The Lessons are easy to understand and learning is easy.
This is a good course to start learning Korean language.
The teacher is great and the syllabus is easy to follow.
Useful and dynamic. Only the pronunciation is difficult.
This course is amazing and fun. I want to learn more !!!
This course is good for people who want to learn Korean.
love it, it helps me with my grammar, love it and thanks
It's good for beginner who want to learn Korean language
Good for beginner with easy English accent. 고맙습니다 강선생님￼!
Very easy, understandable and fast to learn, I liked it!
It's very good to lesson the Korean Language. Thank you.
easy to learn and take a short time to finish the course
It’s very good for the beginners to learn Korean. 고맙습니다.
It's easy to understand and very suitable for beginners.
Very intuitive and helpful way to start learning Korean.
Very good lesson we need more advanced topics from them.
Excellent course. It was very understandable. I love it.
Excellent Instructor! Must take course for the beginner.
Great for people who want to learn the basics of Korean,
An excellent course to learn Korean, easy to understand.
The experience was very enjoy, thank you for the course
Excelent! I recommend it! Love it! Thank you very much!
incredible course I learn a lot from it thanks so much.
This course is good for who want to learn Basic Korean.
it was so fun and easy to understand. thankyou so much!
I really enjoyed the pace and would like to learn more.
Very well explained and the learning path is excellent.
I gained more knowledge and confidence in using Korean.
I completed my course but I can’t get the certification
Good teaching, easy to understand, concise, and helpful
so much fun and recommended to learn First step Korean.
A very very great course! I recommend it very very much
It easy for who want to know about first step Korean!❤️
Excellent program and great explanation of instruction.
Very good course and easy for understanding. Thank you!
It's very easy and simple to understand... 고맙습니다 😊😊😊
Amazingly well put together! So well presented as well!
the course has a very good theme and is easy to learn.
Thank you so much. I have a great time on this course.
Excellent, easy to understand and learn. the language.
amazing course for beginners who want to learn korean.
Great short course on fundamentals on Korean language!
this course very nice for beginning  of leaning Korean
It helps to create a good base before you learn more !
Great Professor, easy to understand and really useful.
really interesting and helpful for basic conversation!
I loved it as it was well explained and easy to follow
The theory is easily and clearly taught in the course!
A very good class. I learned a lot. Thank you so much.
A very good lesson of language learning. Easy to learn
this course was very interesting and self explanatory.
It's a great explanation for who first learning korean
Good structural way of learning basic Korean language.
The lessons are very comprehensive and well explained.
Thank you. this course is easy to learn for beginners.
thanks a lot - writing material and video is helpful .
Its a nice experience to learn from coursera.Thank you
This course is very useful for beginners. I love it!!!
I love the program! Thank you so much for offering it!
The teacher teaches logically and gradually.Thank you.
good and easy to understandstep by stepkamsahamnida :]
thank you, it was a good course for beginner like me.
very good presentation ,easy to understand and follow
It's the great course for beginner to learn Korean :)
A brilliant course for the beginner to study Korean!!
it was really helpful for speaking and writing korean
Amazing, now I understand better the Korean language.
very good course to learn the basics
100% recommended
Very good introduction to korean language, Thank you!
This is a very nice and informative course. 너무 감사합니다!
I can speak basic korean after the course. Thank you!
I do really enjoy it, and I learned a lot. Thank you.
thank you for this amazing course its really helpful.
thanks alot, it is very interesting and easy to learn
THis helped so much!Thank you, I will practice a lot!
Contains daily use terms. Great PDF forms for review.
Very good lesson for beginner. Can understand easily.
it is a really helpful guide for beginners of korean.
it helps me to learn korean easily. thank you so much
This course is useful for people interested in Korean
It's amazing course and i studied alot in this course
Easy to understand and can get along with the teacher
This course really help me to understand more Korean.
That was a great course in Korean. Thank you so much!
I love to learn this language so sooo much! thank you
Informatively! the professor is really nice 정말 감사합니다.
Thanks, it's so good I can thing about word of Korean
This course is really nice prepare and useful.  고맙습니다
Excellent course! Great teacher! Thank you very much!
Would highly recommend to someone Very good course :)
I love this course. I hope there will be next course.
Really good for people trying to learn basic hangeul!
Thank you for the interesting and productive course!
I learned a lot from this course thank you very much
I liked it very much. The course helped me immensely
best course to start your journey of learning korean
I really enjoy learning Korean in this course, 감사합니다
I really liked it and it wasn’t difficult at all. :D
Details teaching but still, need self-learning time.
great beginner's course for Korean language learners
I made it juste in 3 months I started reading Korean
Thank you, this course was helpful and 

incredible!
it’s very good for who is beginning to learn korean.
I really enjoyed this course!! very helpful material
I truly enjoyed taking this Korean course. 감사합니다!!!!
Thank you for teaching. Easy learning to understand.
I learned how to read in Korean. Its a great course.
thanks for teach me. i hope to learn new course soon
FANTASTIC COURSE! 고마워. I want to study in Korea now!
Ive learned a lot throughout this course. Thank you!
So fun, easy to understand, and useful for beginners
That good course to learn korean. Thank you so much.
It was an amazing experience and it helped me a lot.
It's a very good course for starting to learn Korean
It was really helpful and I enjoyed all the lessons!
Very good course, easy to follow and well explained!
Exciting and interesting course offered by Coursera!
Easy to understand.  Good examples.  Good questions.
I learned a lot and the course was presented nicely.
A very useful course to really start learning korean
this language is very logical....i liked it so much
very interesting, I need more knowledge and culture
Great building blocks for beginner korean learners.
The best first-step Korean course I took! Thank you
The lessons are prepared systematically. I had fun!
Its very use full to me.thank you yonsei university
This course help me to speaking Korean step by step
Very useful for first time hangul learner like me!!
That's great for learning Korean language very good
Very nice for totally beginners in Korean, like me.
Very helpful course. It is very good for beginners.
The explanation is easy to understand for beginners
The course is good. Thank you for this free course!
Great, I've learned many Korean words in daily life
Thank you so much. Now , I can speaking korean yeah
Overall, teaching is awesome but some are too fast.
I can listen,speak,read and write korean fluently .
Seung Hae Kang Songsaengnim taught very thoroughly!
I loved it. This course is really helpful and easy.
Excellent course Well structured and easy to follow
I LOVE THIS COURSES, I LEARN MANY THINGS. THANK YOU
Very nice experience .Like to study more languages.
great course to understanding basic korean language
Great for beginners! Explains everything thoroughly
It was really great, really helpfull! Thanks a lot!
This course is very interesting and easy to follow!
It's really great! My Korean has markedly improved.
I learnt many useful sentence to use in daily life.
Great course. Expect to see the second step Korean.
It's easy to understand and she explained it well.
this very good course, And thank you for knowledge
대박, verry good course. Thanks Yonsei n Coursera!!!
i had fun learning Korean with you guys, thank you
The course is so good for beginner learner like me
It is a satisfactory course. It helps me too much.
Its so fun! I hope there is the second step korean
this is really helping me a lot, thank you so much
great course to know the basics of Korean language
This is very good for people Start learning Korean
It was a lovely experience to learn this language.
Very good starter course in Korean. Simple & clear
Really great course, i have learned a lot with it.
Very good, easy to understand, learn new knowledge
Instructor speak nice and clear Easy to understand
Good for person who want to learn Korean language.
Sometimes it is not enough additional explanations
I learned a lot of interesting things about Korean
Excellent introduction course, and good refresher!
I like your teaching and i like your language too.
Easy way of explanation with example by professor.
Very Useful course to read and understand hangeul.
easy to understand. Has a great teaching sequence.
This course is very good. 감사합니다. Thank you teacher
I loveeeee , I can read and write Korean Thank you
Recommended for every one who likes K-pop likes me
An absolutely fantastic course for the beginner !!
Great! It's very good course, 강 선생님씨 is the best!!
SUPER APRENDI BASTANTE RESPECTO AL IDIOMA COREANO.
great course, great instructor. Thank you so much.
It's really great! I highly recommend this course.
The explanation was easy to understand. Thank you.
I really liked the course. Worked wonders for me.
I enjoy with this course. Thank you from thailand
This is great teaching method, thank you so much.
Great introduction to the Korean Language! 감사합니다!
Thank you. i hope you add another course level up
Thank a lot, I couldn't have done it without you.
It was great and helpfull to learn other language
This course very suitable for beginner, thank you
Thank you so much madam. The course was so useful
clear lectures and logically organized curriculum
Very nice course, easy to learn! very recommended
the explanation is simple and easy to understand.
Amazing course, enjoyable and high level teaching
It's one of the best platform to learn Korean..^^
i really enjoyed the course. Thank you very much.
Easy to learn. Really love the lecturer. 감사합니다 ❤❤
I can catch all of this class. THANK YOU so much.
the teacher speak clearly and easy to understand.
Professor is really nice. This is really helpful.
Complete, interactive, useful. Highly recommended
This course made me get the easy gramma of Korean
it very good. Thank you for have this free for me
That's a good course for beginner to learn Korean
It's really great course to learn korean language
this course makes me learn a lot of Korean skills
That’s good lessons and great teacher. 감사합니다 선생님.
Great teaching style, made it easy to understand.
Great class! I really enjoyed this Korean course.
best course to learn korean language for beginner
Great course, I have learnt a lot for a beginner.
Good material for learning korean in a first step
I was able to read and write hangul with ease :).
Excellent course, Thank you Prof. Seung Hae Kang,
Very well put together. Excellent useful phrases.
This is a great introduction to learning Korean.
I can read and write a Korea Language. Thank you
a good teacher teach basic korean foe understand
It´s an excellent option to start a new language
Awesome teacher and material. Thank you so much.
Very good introduction into the korean language.
Taught me so much in 3 weeks, thank you so much!
really good online class.easy to learn.thank you
This course is amazing thanks YONSEI University.
Thank you for your effort, this is a good start.
ThankYou Very Much Mam For Creating This Course.
This course is so much fun. Thank you Sonsangnim
It is a good course for free. Easy to understand
The most specific online course I have ever seen
It was amazing, I really like it, I learn a lot.
This good for being first step Korean. Thank you
It's gainful.I really like it. Thank you so much
Great Class for beginner korean language learner
It's really good to learn basic Korean language.
It's easy to understand, thank you for teaching.
it's good and helping me improve my korean skill
It's very good course to understand Korean more.
Thank you so much. Great course with good notes.
it really is helpful in learning Korean Language
A great introductory course for Korean language.
My first step to learn and speak korean language
Very helpful and easy to understand. Thank you!
Im so excited to learn and the lecturer so good
it was very helpful to start my korean journey.
It's the best korean basics course I ever seen.
It was really well taught. Jeongmal Kamsamihida
Great Course! Easy to learn. Thank you so much.
I can read KOREAN word. I know more vocabulary.
it really good for who wanna try to lern korean
loved the teacher and learned a lot! thank you!
Very Interesting course. I love Korean Language
It is good learning content and good exercises.
Really good course for korean beginning learner
This course is very helpful. Thank you so much.
KUMASUMIDA Prof. Kang for teaching this course.
thank you for having the great course like this
great teaching. I can understand some Korean :)
It was really helpful and easy to understand :)
nice teach and easy to learn from the beginning
Thank you so much!! it's so fun and very good!!
This course suits me well. Thank you very much.
easy to understand and convention for beginners
it's easy to understan Korean thank you teacher
I have received lots ofn help doing this course
2 weeks in and I'm really enjoying the content!
ALL PERFECT I LOVE THE TEACHER AND THE CONTENTS
It is an amazing course!!  I've learned a lot!!
The material is really helpful and interesting!
It is a  nice experience to learn about korean
Great course to start Korean, really helpfull.
The lessons are easy to understand, great job!
It's so easy to understand. Thank you so much!
Now, I can communicate with the korean people.
very cleared if you learn, Thank you Professor
The course is really helpful for the beginners
It help me a lot to understand Korean. Love it
just awesome and i can speak korean too.... 감사
I learned a lot and it pushed me to lern more!
Very helpful. I always had some trouble with 이
thank you so much i learn a lot and i enjoy it
Easy to follow and to learn! Really effective!
The lesson are easy to learn and very helpful.
very good faculty. Good teaching with details.
easy to understand and very clear explanation.
Very good teacher, I would love to learn more!
Thank you teacher . I feel so happy and great.
Great teacher for teaching korean. Thank you !
very easy to understand together with the note
It's easy to understand and not boring. 고맙슴니다!
It was really useful, thanks Yonsei University
Very helpful! Easy to learn and to understand!
Simple, elegant and easy to follow. Thank you.
The course was fantastic! Thank you very much!
This course provides a good head start for the
Excellent instructions, tools that I use daily
I can't believe how much I've learned already!
I really like this course. thank you so much.
helps me a lot to learn basic Korean language
I learned so much during this course! Thanks!
i loved this course, very easy and too light.
This is a great material for study. Thank you
Thank you very much I've learned new things..
This course can teach you about basic Korean.
Pronunciation tips here are extremely useful,
Detailed and really good at explaining basics
Thank you very much I love this course.고맙습니다.
Excellent class to learn the Korean language.
This was a great intensive, refresher course.
This course is great and good for me to learn
I think technica about teaching that is good.
I'm improve skill in basic Korean , thank you
It's really great for foreigner. Thank you !!
This course made Korean learning an easy task
Excellent Teaching and very understandable!!!
Thank You for great teaching and instructing.
I  really enjoyed the course but found it ext
i'm feeling so funny and understand to lesson
A great way to familiarize yourself to hangul
It was really great & it really had helped me
wonderful course delivered by a wonderful tea
Easy to understand and and very educational.
Very understandable and fun course! Love it!
Thank you for Course. This course is so fun.
This is a great course and thank you so much
It was the best course with the best teacher
very helpful and easy to learn. thank you :)
Good! It’s make me sure of using daily words
I loved it! Thanks teacher for explanations!
Easy to understand and learn in a short time
Great introduction for beginners. Thank you.
I've learned a lot! Thank you, Seonsaengnim!
Very Useful and easy to understand Thank you
Your lesson is easy to learn and understand.
I love this course and the korean language !
Easy for learning. Detail explanation given.
Thanks for the Courses. It's been a pleasure
I was so enjoy learning korean. Thank you 😊
I can read vocabulary and sentence in korean
I received a lot of knowledge.  Thank you.💕
I like it..!!!I was learning so I'm happy =)
Very helpful. I highly recommend this course
The better curse about basic korean language
Very good resource to start learning Korean!
I love this so mush and look for more course
Easy to learn, flow is great and interesting
Effective and very helpfull to learn Korean
its a very good course for beginers like me
Great, now i know basic of korean language.
The teacher is the best. Thanks very much.♥
Excellent for beginner, enjoyed this course
this is very helpful for daily conversation
thank you for helping me to learn korean ^^
This course is very friendly for beginners.
It was excellent!!! Highly recommended! 고마워
That's amazing course. Thank you very much.
Loved the teaching and appreciated the help
teaching in simple way, many illustrations!
easy to learn and very useful. I like this!
Thank you so much. I appreciated it. 고맙습니다.
Very useful to learn korean :) I enjoyed it
So impressive with this course , thank you.
it's absolutely splendid. I love it so much
good, useful for lean thank you for teacher
This course is amazing. I highly recommend!
Clear and easy to understand. 감사합니다 선생님! ㅠㅠ
It is very good and happy to study with you
It's very easy to learn about Basic Korean.
I loved it! Great to start learning korean.
Very good and critical for Korean beginners
Great course, very informative and indepth.
So Simple and easy to learn for a beginner.
a very good course to start learning korean
An easy and comprehensive course. I love it
I can study on my schedule and I love that.
Thanks For This Awesome Course ************
Great course for Korean language beginners!
Very well explained and easy to understand.
Thank you for the great course and teacher!
perfect course, good lecture, nice knowlage
This was a thorough and interesting course
It's very useful to help me improve Korean
this courses really helpful!thanks a lot !
I really love it!!! Really Good. Thank you
It was very helpful and enjoyable as well.
The course is really useful for beginners.
it's very detailed and easy to understand.
I learn a lot! The teacher is really good.
so good easy to understand korean language
I learnt faster than i thought i'll do it.
That a very good chance to learning korean
This course is useful. The teacher is kind
Best course for Beginners thanks Coursera.
That's great!I know Korean betterThank you
Thank you for giving more knowledge to me.
This is really helpful! Thank you so much!
Thank you!Very useful, interesting course!
Very Good course to practise for beginners
It's a really  great and enjoyable course.
It was so helpful and easy to understand.
This course is so cool. Thank you so much
I really learned a lot! :) Super helpful!
Very convenient and understanding course.
Very good basic to start learning korean.
Pretty good starting point in my opinion.
A little fast paced but worth it! 고맙습니다!!
I hope there will be the next Step Korean
It is very helpful for beginners like me.
It's so useful for learning basic korean.
would be great to have a free certificate
Easy to understand. Love the explanation.
good way of teaching really understanable
Easy to follow. Excellent course, indeed!
clear and good instructions for beginners
Teacher's English is very easy to listen.
the professor was very good at explaining
this is so easy to understand. It's good.
I've learned many sentences. thank you <3
Great teaching for learning basic Korean.
easy to understand and teacher is so kind
it's easy to learn by myself. let's try!!
The course suite perfectly for foreigners
it is really helpful. thank you very much
Great, amazing way to learn some basics !
Very very helpful and easy to understand.
This course was great! I learned so much!
I really like the Course and the teacher.
Very helpful and incredibly informative.
this course help me to improve my korean
Is the most exciting course that I took.
This was really helpful and detailed! ☺️
Fantastically framed the syllabus. Good.
That's course really good for beginner👍
Easy to learn, easy to follow.  고맙습니다!!!
Really great course for learning Korean.
It's very interesting and easy to learn.
Very impressive It's a very good course.
This is very good since i start to study
I understand the Korean Language better.
Recommend to learn Korean from the best.
I would like to have a free certificate.
easy to learn. I can practice everytime.
The course was really helpful. Thank you
Thank you very much,I have learn so much
Awesome!. thanks coursera creating team.
i love this course! it really help me :)
Awesome, this course helped to me a lot.
Very thorough and great for beginners !!
This course is easy to understand. 고맙습니다
great course and very clear explanation.
The two kinds of language makes it easy.
EXCELENTE COURSE I REALLY ENJOY DOING IT
This really helps a lot. Thank You Team.
Very easy to understand and very useful!
Excellent course, I highly recommend it.
Such a wonderful intro course to Korean!
really love this course, it's so useful
This Course is very excited and useful.
Very detailed intro courser.Recommended
Very funny to learn about this language
Very easily explained and helped a lot.
describe very clear and easy to follow.
I loved learning Korean mam. Thank you.
Easy to study and understand. Thank you
It Has been very useful and informative
Very good course to learn basic korean.
Great lesson, special thanks to Teacher
Clear instruction & easy to understand.
It good to learnand  easy to understand
I can learn more Korean here. Thank you
so so helpful especially for beginners!
i love this course. i love seonsangnim.
Great  time to learn, Thank you so much
It was the perfect introductory course!
Very good course material for beginners
Easy to understand and well thought out
very helpful with learning how to read!
The Best language course I've ever had!
very detail and understand! Thank a lot
I really enjoy it and it is so helpful.
It was a very good course.thank you all
It's very fun and easy to learn Korean.
Clear explanation on the language usage
I really loved it and hope for a part 2
that's a good course for the beginner.
It was very easy to follow the course.
The video lectures are so informative!
Great Course for beginners! Thank you!
It was really fun and I learned a lot.
Amazing course thanks for the lecturer
perfect teacher with perfect materials
I had a great time. :) Gamsahamnida :)
the course was very complete and clear
Very useful and helpful,  thank you...
Great content and very well explained.
explain each and every thing in detail
Perfect course for complete beginners.
so fun class and easy to understanding
Good ! and easy to understandthank you
it is really useful for basic learner.
It was really interesting and helpful.
I have learned a lot of stuff감사합니다 선생님
best for learning korean!! Thankyou <3
love this course and Thank you so much
This course is very amzing and useful.
it was a good refresher for me ,thanks
That's so easy for beginner like me ;)
Thank you for the precious experience.
it's easy to learning. I feel so good.
Very easily to learn Thank you so much
I LEARNT HOW TO READ AND WRITE HANGUEL
Really helpful course to learn Korean!
I loved the way the professor explains
the best online course I have ever had
It helps me a lot. Thank you so much.
Really help me. Thank you so much!!!!
it's very useful thank you so much 💜
It's was really fun and i learn a lot
The instructor is easy to understand.
Amazing course, i learn basic korean!
I like this more than if have thaisub
Its really great and awesome learning
great course to start learning korean
Excellent thanks University of Yonsey
it's great.I love this lesson so much
good for study. make me enjoy so much
It's a very good teaching. Thank you.
makes good points, easy to comprehend
Very useful for basic Korean learner!
I enjoyed learning Korean in English.
it was really good i have learnt alot
This course made me learn more Korean
I think really good.thank you so much
The course is great and very helpful.
Excellent delivery of course content!
So good and very easy to study Korean
perfect teacher and great explanation
It was good to start learning Korean.
systematic, motivating and enjoyable!
Very clear learning, thank you a lot!
Easy to understand and very thorough.
Thank you for an amazing opportunity!
Very interesting to get new knowledge
Thank you so much fo this opportunity
It's a great course.Thank you.감사합니다!.
Thank you for teach me basic Korean^^
EL MEJOR CURSO... ME HA AYUDADO MUCHO
is good class of korean, i like more.
It is very good course for beginners!
Absolutely fantastic. Highly recomend
it so easy , hope to be more serious
I loved and enjoyed learning Hangul.
A great way to start learning Korean
It was fun to study Korean language.
A dynamic and funny course. Excelent
the lecturer really good at teaching
Excellent course Thank you very much
love this course (first step korean)
Very helpful to learn for beginners.
thank you so much its amazing course
I love how this course is organized.
explains really well...nice learning
Thank you so much! My skills update!
Very useful and easy to understand .
It's helpful and easy to practising.
easy to learn and effective lectures
thank you for teaching I am so happy
Easy to understand i really love it!
Awesome course! A bit hard. But fun.
Nice to learn this course. Thank you
thank you so much for teaching me TT
Loved it! Good explanations and slow
Very good and detailed for beginners
Good calss .thank you for this class
Thanks  for excellent online class .
Very GOOD and thank you for learning
Loving it! It is so easy to follow..
I learned a lot knowledge, thank you
It's really good and easy to follow!
Great teacher !!! the best course!!!
It makes me interested to learn more
I like the audio/listening practice!
Very systematic and easy to catch up
Korea and English are both improved.
Very fun and informative. Thank you!
Its so entertaining and taughtfull!
very nice course.Thank you so much.
Thanks, it's really helps me a lot!
loved it! very clear in explanation
Thank you so much. It's very useful
It's very nice 👌 and helpful to me
Thank you for learning this Korean.
thank you so much for good class ^^
Very well explained, great teacher!
I enjoyed meeting with teacher 💜💜
Thank for free learning and testing
Excellent course!!!! thank you 선생님!
Really helpful course for beginners
Good explaination for comprehensive
So funny and easy thank you so much
Explained well understoodEasy study
easy to understand for the beginner
very nice...highly recommended !!!!
very good course, thank you so much
It was a great introductory course!
Great course to start learn Korean.
I am really appreciated this lesson
Thank you professor Kang 고맙습니다  ^_^
Very good teaching and explaining.
A Wonderful Experience, Thanks!!!!
Very helpful to start learn Korean
Professor Kang is a great lecturer
great teacher and excellent course
Amazing course. Best for beginners
Clear explanation and good example
I can understand the lesson. Good!
I've learn a lot from this course!
Easy to understand and very basic.
thank you. this course is awesome.
very contagiously designed modules
This course is good and excellent!
Excellent course for new learners.
The course was easy to understand.
Enjoyed the class, easy to follow.
I love teacher so much. Thank you.
the best teaching I have ever seen
clear explanation and module notes
clear explanation, well-explained!
Great teacher and suitable lessons
good course and easy to understand
Very easy to understand and useful
This is such a very useful course!
This course is very easy to learn.
It's easy to learn and understand.
This is good for first step Korean
It a good way to start a Korean !!
Great study resource for beginner.
That's really fun and easy to get.
it's an excellent course thank you
Well-structured course. Thank you.
I really liked the course.  고맙습니다!
ITS A WONDERFUL AND HELPFUL COURSE
Very organized and easy to follow!
Thank you for this great course!!!
I need the second level, please!!
Thanks for a good Korean teaching
I understand the lesson very well
Excellent! Really easy to follow.
Love it, it's easy to understand.
Thanks for explaining this to me.
Thanks a lot. Teacher is so good.
easy to learn. thank you so much.
I LOVE TEACHERTHANKS for teach me
I do enjoy the lesson. Thank you.
Great content and easy to follow.
Good course for beginner learning
I'm very thankful for this course
That's great!! I love thus crouse
It’s a nice course for beginners.
Useful information for beginners.
Great introduction for beginners.
Great overview and easy to follow
Really enjoyed this course. easy.
Amazing course!!!I like it.고맙습니다.
Thank you, I have learnt so much!
very good course with simple ways
This is so great, best thing ever
The steps was so easy to learn!!
a good start for learning korean
excelent course, thank very much
it  is very  knowledgable course
Excellent course and instructor!
Good introduction for beginners.
Excellent work. I learned a lot.
Easy to understand in every unit
Thank you a lot for this course.
easy to understand and practical
So good and benefit thanks a lot
The course is easy to understand
it helps me so much. Thank You:)
Teachers are easy to understand.
thank you for the good lesson !!
It's a great course Thanks a lot
Good experience with u Thank you
It easy to learn for new learner
very fun and easy to understand!
Thank you Yonsei U and Coursera!
Thank you for reaching me Korean
It’s so good for worldwide study
Professor explains very clearly.
Easy to understand and practical
Easy format to follow and learn.
i love this course thank you!!!!
Very good thanks
I learned a lot
Very approachable teaching style
Excellent course for a beginner!
like I said ... it's really easy
It's a great course for beginner
Easy to learn! Very good course.
This is really helpful to me. :)
I highly recommend this program
it was really helpful and great
Thank you for your teaching. <3
Very interesting and worthy....
The Best teaching guide ever...
i enjoyed learning this course.
Great start for learning Korean
Very good for fist step KOREAN.
Great course easy to understand
The Korean lesson for beginners
Very useful. I love the course.
I'm so happy to learn Korean :)
the best course for beginner!!!
Great for learning by yourself!
It's hard but good for beginner
very helpful, thank you so much
easy to learn and user-friendly
thank you for teach me, LOVE <3
So easy to learn for beginner !
Happy to leatn Korean Language.
Very useful! Thank you so much!
Excellent course for beginners!
very good course for beginners.
its a good way to learn korean!
I loved it. Very easy to learn.
Easy to learn from the lessons.
great course, they start from 0
Very helpful for the beginners!
Thank u. Very helped for me ❤️
I Love It.And I love Teacher..
the mentor good in explaining.
Helpful to learn basic korean!
Amazing course! Really helpful
very useful I love itThank you
Great course! I learned a lot!
Easy to follow and understand.
Easy to listen and understand.
It's great for basic practice.
Thank you for your guidance ☺️
Teacher was teaching very well
This is great course.  감사합니다 .
it was a very effective course
great course for the beginning
Easy  for learning by yourself
good learing thank you so much
I Love it I want to learn more
easy to understand. 감사합니다 선생님~
Easy to understand for starter
Informative and easy to learn!
This is the best class for me.
Omg!!!! I can do it. Thank you
Waiting for Second Step Korean
it's useful, thank you so much
This was course was very good.
Easy to understand and follow.
Explained the lesson properly.
i enjoyed the learning presses
i love this course sooooo much
Very helpful for new learners.
Very nice and helpful lessons.
Easy to understand and follow!
Very good introductory course!
Thanks for this course, 고맙습니다.
The instruction is very clear!
Really helpful for beginners.
It`s so amazing!! FIGTHING...
course is very clear to learn
Easy to understanding. Thanks
Very Good. easy to understand
Thank you for knowledge.감사함니다
Great Korean course.  감사합니다💛
EXCELLENT COURSE CONDUCTION .
Great course, easy to follow.
I enjoyed this course so much
Easy to understand structure.
I really enjoy it! Thank you.
very good , i like this cours
The best choice for beginners
Extremely helpful. Thank you.
It's good and easy to learn .
Thanks for the new experience
easy understanding, nice quiz
GGod couRse. And good lessson
Easy to learn, helpful course
its so cool and amazig course
Good Structure for Beginners.
I like it so much this curse!
Excellent for first starters.
Great course, really useful!!
Absolutely loved this course!
very good, it's easy to learn
Easy to understand, and fast.
good and clear explaination.
Really good and easy course!
Easy to follow for beginners
very good easy to understand
Thank you for this tutorial.
Very well structured course!
Congratulations! You did it!
this course is very helpful.
love this course good for me
Finally, I did it!!!!!!!!!!!
It is not difficult to learn
Easy to understand and learn
I can read and write letters
it was very easy. thank you!
Very helpful. Learned a lot!
Really great for beginners !
The course is good .Like it.
The teacher is THE best!!!!
Im so glad i met this site.
Good and clear explanation.
I learned a lot! Thank you.
This course really help me!
perfect class for beginners
great course for beignners!
Thank you! Finally I did it
It​ is​ very helpful for me
Great lectures and modules.
Really helpful and inspring
I like to leraned very much
I love this course so much!
Good online course 👍🏻👍🏻
not difficult to understand
Omg. I can do it. Thank You
This course is excellent !!
I understand all of lesson.
Had a great time. Thank you
easy to learn for beginners
This is easy and effective.
The best course of my life!
Thank you for your teaching
It's really easy to follow.
nice course. easy to learn.
I really enjoy every class.
muy buen curso i love it!!!
magnific course. thank you.
A good class for beginners!
Its quick and interesting.
very helpful for begineers
Learned so much, loved it!
Amazing course. Thank you!
One of the best experience
Good teacher and exercises
Thank you coursera, yonsei
It was very easy to follow
Very useful, thanks Yonsei
Very nice and easy course.
Nice course for beginners!
It was really interesting.
I really love this crouse.
It was easy to understand.
This course is excellent!!
I really enjoyed my course
Easy to learn for beginner
It was fun learning Korean
This is very useful course
That's course help me alot
wonderful review of Korean
Thank you for this lesson！
loved the teaching method
Very helpful and detail:)
thank you for teaching me
easy to understand, 감사합니다
Love it and easy to learn
A very interesting course
I learned a lot
thank you
very good! liked it a lot
This course really helps!
Easy and simple to learn.
Thank you for good course
This is good for starter.
THANK YOU FOR TEACHING ME
Thank you for everything.
Thank you for teaching me
Good class for beginners!
Very very very helpful!!!
Great intro to Korean :))
Learned a lot! Thank you
It was great! Thank you!
Thanks for everything!!!
Excellent!! Good teacher
Amazing. Really Helpful.
Thank you for teaching!!
This was really helpful.
Very easy to understand!
Thx I loved this course.
Very Helpful. Thank you!
thankyou for this course
thank you for you course
Thank you for good curse
Basic Korean for starter
The teacher very well ex
easy way to learn Korean
It´s interesting course!
the course was very easy
It was very interesting!
Thank you so much!!!! :)
I found it very helpful.
Very good ! I understand
IT IS GENIAL I LOVE THIS
It was perfect course. ☺
very easy to follow.. :)
Very useful , Thank you.
Thank you! great course
Fantastic introduction.
Really helpful course!!
fun and awesome course.
SO HELPFUL, I LOVED IT.
Great learning. Thanks!
so funny to learning !!
Thank you for teaching.
Very good for beginers.
Very easy to understand
Easy to learn very good
The lesson is so useful
Good course and Smplify
Very good for beginners
It really easy to learn
good teacher thank you!
Good for start learning
Good for entry in korea
best korean course ever
Brilliantly structured!
Very structured course.
wow finnally, thanks!!
very clear! thank you!
Perfect for beginners.
Very clear and helpful
Thank you teacher 🙏🏻
Very fun and engaging.
Really helps me a lot!
Thanks for the course.
Perfect for beginners!
Thank you for Teaching
very great ! i love it
Good Learning Platform
this cours is so good.
Topics are very useful
good course. Loved it.
It is an useful course
its a very good course
really helpful course!
I learned basics here
Really fruitful💫....
this is so cool😭❣️❣️
Nicely crafted course
It's so good to learn
The course is amazing
Easy to keep up with.
best intro class ever
easy to understanding
Very well structured!
Excellent, thank you.
Awesome! Many thanks!
I love this course!!!
Great, Easy for study
Easily Understandable
easy and fun to learn
easy to learn 감사합니다 요
thank you very much ♥
Very Impressive topic
Interesting to study
Yes, this is awesome
I want a certificate
Easy and nice course
thank you so much!!!
I loved this course!
so helpful i love it
explaining very nice
thank you very much!
Very good learning!!
Easily to understand
The best course ever
Good course to learn
Thank you! so useful
Very cool educathion
Helped a lot! 고맙습니다!
Love it, very useful
This course was good
easy to study, good.
easy to understand!
Very Helpful Thanks
A very good course.
I loved it so much!
It was very helpful
Really super Tq mam
it's a good class .
it helped me alot !
helped a lot thx ^^
very good teacher .
Verry Good Learning
I love this project
thank you from thai
It's really helpful
Exceed expectation!
thankyou very much!
love this course!!
thank you teacher.
One of the best :)
Wonderful course!!
very nicely taught
It is very helpful
Very nice to learn
Thoroughly enjoyed
highly recommended
Very nice is great
Best Korean lesson
nice teaching고맙십니다
easy to understand
easy to do at home
Great one, thanks.
It was very useful
I love you teacher
very good learning
Very Good Teaching
Wonderful! course.
Very useful for me
acquring knowledge
That's interesting
thank you so much!
It helped me a lot
I really Loved it!
It's very usefull.
I loved the class
thank you teacher
very great class!
My first language
Thank you teacher
This is the best.
I love it so much
Very good Teacher
It's really nice.
Loved this course
Very Good course.
tnx) I want more!
Really good class
Good conversation
A very good start
Please make more!
Loved the Course!
easily understood
A very helpfull C
That's the best!
Its so wonderful
I like to course
Learned a lot!!!
so easy to learn
its so good.love
Highly recommend
Easy and helpful
easy to learn!!!
It’s the best 🥰
Great  Course!!!
I learned a lot.
helpful! thanks!
so good to begin
love this course
very good Course
Amazing teacher
Lovely so much.
Really amazing!
Easy to follow.
thank you a lot
very good class
Good course  :)
It is so great!
Simple and easy
It's very well
Just perfect!!
Very satisfied
Extraordinary!
Easy for learn
GREAT! thanks！
Help full one
Its complete.
It is so good
easy to study
It's so good!
I love it!!!
Very Helpful
Great Start!
Good basics.
Really Good.
Good teacher
I love this!
It very good
Very usefull
Practicing!
THANKS MUCH
It was nice
I loved it.
Very Good !
Great!!!!!!
very great!
it's great!
Thank You !
well formed
I love it!
Very great
great test
Fantastic!
very great
all right!
Great!! :D
It's fun!
Great one
Thanks  ,
Is nice!!
it's easy
It’s good
Love this
Its cool
Love it.
easy
The
