I can't give this course higher than 1 star until they fix the bugs in the quizzes.For those of you who say "It works for me, it's a problem in your code", you may not have enough experience with these types of bugs. For Week 3 Quiz - While Loops, problems 3 & 4:Bug observations: 1) Works intermittently. In problem 3, it kept saying "No Output" when running it. I switched from Edge (Chromium) browser to Chrome, and it worked. Same code. Then, I retook the test (still in Chrome), and problem 3 timed out even though it passed previously and the code was the same. 2) Code works fine in an external IDE such as VS Code and PyCharm, but when typed in manually into Coursera, it will time out or say "No Output". 3) Problem 4 will keep outputting a progress bar when you run it with messages saying "Compiling, uploading, going to the moon and back,..." before finally outputting the correct solution. Then when submitting the quiz, it "Times Out After 5" No doubt due to 'going to the Moon and back'.My credentials:I am a professional Software Engineer with over 13 years of experience working at Amazon and Microsoft. I have written production code in Java, C#, and Python among other languages.
I loved the Google IT Support Certificate program and was so looking forward to loving this first course in a new Google Certificate program, Python for Automation. Sadly, I cannot recommend this course to anyone, really. Especially not beginners. It's like an AirBnB property that looks like its going to have everything you need, but then you commit and discover you are actually left to fend for yourself on Survivor Island. The short videos are easy to watch, but do not prepare you for the exercises. Sure, it was a good prompt to spend hours and hours teaching myself what the Python basics needed to complete the quizzes and projects. But this isn't what I signed up for a Coursera/Google course for. I doubt I would have started if I really new the time it would take me to finish, with 95% self-taught.As others wrote here, as this course stands, it makes more sense to learn for free with great You-Tube tutorial (esp Corey Schafer), and with the free Downey book, Think Python and I may check out the less expensive popular Udemy course, among many others. I really can't see the value-add here. Just so so so different than the IT Support Certificate which was pitched perfectly.  Sure, people learn in different way, and my experience might not be yours. The main reason for my strong position on this course has to do with how the course is marketed - as empowering women and encouraging a more diverse talent pipeline. I would love to see the data on how this course empowered new women and diverse new talent to begin IT careers. How many new users start, filled with anticipation, and drop out by Week 3. Why not solve this problem with course revisions? Get feedback from your users. Please fill in the gaps between the encouraging video content and the (sometimes) "now we be Navy Seals" problem sets by providing abundant bridging exercises and relevant resources to encourage new users. I hope Coursera will look at the data and provide time estimates equal to what your intended user group actually needed to succeed in this course - and not drop out. I can honestly say this was one of the most unpleasant courses I've ever taken - and that's saying something.
This course lacks appropriate explanations. Quizzes are not reviewed with you and must be completed in a very specific fashion, or you'll get the program wrong. I wish more explanations and material was given. Great idea, poor execution.
As I had some previous Python experience, I completed this course in about a week.  There is nothing here that you cannot get from free tutorials on YouTube.  The auto-graders for the assignments are buggy and some of the concepts in the quizzes are not taught in the lecture videos.  If you want to learn the basics of Python, you can do so for free on your own and do not need to pay for this course.
So far not impressed, just makes you frustrated and not want to learn programming.
test are not working, or asking quetions on stuff that wasn't learned
First, hire some adults with real world experience.  These are college graduates that don't know their asses from their elbows yet.  Second, I want to learn Python, not listen to Marxist politics from Communist Google!!!!  The BIGGEST evil doers and most UnAmerican Company in America today.  Freedom of Speech is dead at Google and YouTube.  Discrimination against the majority of Americans is rampant while you talk non-stop about your commitment to "diversity".  Bullshit brainwashing!  Not why I signed up, I just wanted to learn Python not Marxism.
This course is not totally for beginners. The practice problems of this course won't be solved only having the ideas from the videos in this course. I got away with this course as I am not a pure beginner.The main disgusting part of this course was the final project.  It included some stuffs that were too much advanced for a beginner. Also, the coding environment here used for the final project have some bugs which made me feel really frustrated.Even, the discussion forum of this course is the worst among the courses I have completed in coursera. No staff responds to any problem of the learners. There is a mentor who just replies with  a same single message to about 90% of the problems of the forum. He just vanishes after replying without following up the thread and don't reply to further problem. So, the support in this course is not good at all.That are the reason for my "One Star" rating.
This is the worst course i have taken in this grouping so far. The jump from the examples that are shown in the videos and the required problems involve a huge, and unguided jump into the language. The problems in the quizzes seem to be attempting to apply lower language principles to a higher language like python creates a lot of confusion. I have taken a crash course in python over 6 years ago and this course made it WAY more challenging to understand. i eventually utilized a different method for teaching myself the amount of python necessary to complete these strange and misguided examples.
Explaination is very poor and these videos aren't that much useful while solving quizzes. Instructor should use same IDE as student will going to use. Instructor is using another command to print some function and students are asked to return value. For basic level student this course is not handy at any point. This course is for those who have some basic knowledge in python previously. In case of practical knowledge also, I didn't feel I learned anything. It was just a waste of time.
The information in the lessons are basic and do not prepare you for the quizzes, the quizzes (during the video) and the quizzes for each section seem to be very different from the actual video content. Reviewing the videos does not help, checking the forums might but at that point why have the videos?
This course was written very poorly. I'm needing to use MANY external resources just to get through the content. I hope the next courses in the series actually teach the content, or this will be the very last time I pay for anything from Coursera, and I'll make sure to let my employer know as well.
the examples and the  grading of the course of horrible.  The time it takes to get this working and missing something as arbitrary as a period is ridiculous.  the grading is horrible this really is not worth the money  I really hope the next courses are better.
More math than the usual, almost zero real-world examples, the final assignment does require you to revisit every chapter of the course, however, the course ends without you actually learning how to automate stuff in IT in general. I don't recommend.
The course is pretty good, I learned a lot.I just finished my final project which works perfectly, yet when I submit it for grading, it says the input is malformed and that I have to try again. I have done it at least 10 times. In the forums I see lots of people with the same problem without any reasonable answer.So yes, I'd give it 5 stars for what you learn. But I'm also interested in the certification, thing that I'm not getting because of errors, so that's the reason of my 1-star review
instruction were not proper. weekly quiz were confusing because what to do not clearly explained especially week 5. also not recommended with some one with zero coding experience. wont consider it a review python nor beginners python
Lecture are brief and very simple compared to the exercises and quizzes. Hard for me to follow and catch up let alone do the last assignment for this course. Hope it will improve in the future.
Python Interpreter in the course not working due to which I am able to pass the Quiz the course is useless without the interpreter I request to please fix the problem asap
Instructor spends seconds flashing code on screen without explaining why.  Maybe less talk about the log cabin backdrop and being "cool" and more on actual programming
The majority of the demonstrations had nothing to do with what was tested. The "cheat sheets" were word docs that had little to no substance.
The sign-up page cleary stated the first month was free. It's not. I got charged £37.50 within the first week. Don't trust these scammers.
Grading error still present in last assignment even after 2 weeks. No course staff replied to any forum post about the error.
Need to know what I've got wrong in assessment, not enough detail. And i get the right answer but it still doesn't accept it.
The information put fourth in this course is great, however the graded exams are not closely related to the subject matter.
Quizzes throw time out and infra errors all the time. I should have gotten a better grade.
doesn't walk you through the course at all, i cant understand this shit in the slightest
Unfortunately, I found this course to be very vague and not worth the investment.
I always stuck in course , and many topic not cover well lesson is about summary
Badly organised and structured course. Full of issues for submitting in week 6
Incredibly tedious and boring, worst programming course I've ever taken.
Basic lectures, and exercises do not correspond with reading material.
Presented by blabbering women who take forever to get to the point.
Rushed videos are not informative enough to teach the lessons.
The explanation of the processes are convoluted and vague.
It goes way too fast for me and I need more explanation.
missed a lot of concepts that I had to find on my own!
Too much videos for simple ideas, quite slow for me,
automated feedback for answers was done very poorly
This is not for beginners...
I came to learn about this course because I wanted to make changes in my career and do something better but this is frustrating. I have a hard time understanding these codes because most are math problems (I'm at week 3) and I'm horrible at math. It's easier for me to understand them without it being math problems. I want to understand the code first before getting more complicated with math. It's frustrating and feels like a waste of time. I go to outside sources just for me to understand the code and they don't put complicated math problems as a way to teach you. And they explain every inch of the code and what the code means after it runs. This course does half of that.They also tell you "practice, practice practice" but practice what and where? There's nothing to practice on. We're not given more problems to practice on and if we were, the problems would have random extra steps thrown in that was never explained in the video. They do this a lot on their practice tests and test.So I'm always lost. There's not enough explanation for some of these problems. I want to learn, I came here to learn but this course makes it difficult, unfair and frustrating. I was better off reading a book about Python and watching YT videos.
Pretty disappointing. Videos aim to be more cute and witty than actually helping deliver the concepts. Not a great course for a true beginner, had to use other resources to really grasp concepts because the videos will provide an example, but then the little mid-video "quiz" will test you on something much more difficult in most cases, and will never provide you feedback or a solution that you can use to make improvements. Not impressed.
I need help in how can I withdraw from this course (Google IT Automation with Python) because I don't understand the instructor, I've been trying for a month to understand but I couldn't. I am also taking the Google IT Support Professional course and I don't issues, is not easy but I understand what the instructor is talking about. Please how can I move to another course instead? I need your help with this request please, thank you.
The course was structured very poorly and I'm having a hard time understanding who the target audience is. If it's Python beginners, why include complex topics like recursion when introducing the idea of what a loop is. If it's targeting intermediate developers, maybe have an option to test out of some weeks. If the target is IT professionals looking into get into development, why not focus on concepts over syntax.
Introductory videos were too long and too many and the learning experience would be better without them. The lecturer was repetitive and artificially excited. There is no need to tell me I am doing great in every video clip.
NOT FOR BEGINNERS.  They even tell you in the course to go learn Python some where else.  Save the frustration and do that first.  If you want to be certified, go learn Python first, then come back here to take the tests.
Very frustrating final project. The technical issues in the final project needs to be addressed immediately to avoid the unsatisfactory learning experience.
The continually cushioning language and info are getting too tiresome. Where is the meat? Nothing to bite on. I am going to skip this course. Sorry!
Couldn't learn much with this. Easy to understand classes then the quizzes are really hard with stuff that we didnt really learned.
I enrolled in this course and stopped my payment subscription.but i am still struggling for how can i stop my subscription.
More than a Crash Course on Python is a Crash Course on Math. It must be named Python applied on Math
Need help, cant find where to contact instructor. yay a waste of time and money
To easy. But for the start it's good.
No feedback at all. Lack of clarity.
I dont understand anything
the coding videos are relatively short and concise while the questions are extremely hard and does not match to the actual content. not really a buiggener friendly
Examples are easy.. Labs are not for beginners..
Despite actually have some decent foundations in Python and programming, I did not enjoy the course. The instructor is super friendly and the videos are fun enough, but the assignments got more annoying and more annoying with every subsequent quiz (where the focus, IMO, seems to be more on Math skills than actually learning the basics of a programming language). Certainly, you go on StackoverFlow to find the solutions, but then that's not truly learning, is it? The worst part is that the videos not prepare you for the assignments mentioned above. If you enjoy a challenge, sure stick around, but - if you're like me and were actually interested in getting some practical word done in Python (I signed up to do an individual project - then you'll probably run out of patience. To be honest, if I had been a true beginner, this would have put me off programming altogether. If you want to learn Python, just get: https://automatetheboringstuff.com/ or have a look at  https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/8341335-learn-python-the-hard-way. There are countless free resources out there that are much more useful than this. Cancelled my subscription.
Don't start if you don't have good IT foundations and need this knowledge to automate some big IT tasks like hosting multiple servers etc. Useless for "normal" person. Also after Crash Course (which is fairly basic) you will not learn a lot of python or even practice it. The biggest problem with this specialisation is lack of respect to the listener. Sorry Google but half of the time I was listening to assurances that I can do it and that I learn a lot. Because of that it is really hard to concentrate on those videos!
The course is not for beginners. The videos give these basic examples and then for the practice quiz the questions are very more complex that what is shown in the videos. The compiler that is used in this course always has some type of issue. It will mark your answer wrong even if they are correct. If its not exactly the way the interpreter is expecting it will mark it wrong. Which in programming there can be many ways to do the same thing. The help on the forum is ridiculous. If you even get a response to a question, its this generic script response. Lets not even go into that your response may be days later. You have get more help from the students taking the course than the mentors that are suppose to be here for us. None the less, the course material is very interesting. Complex but interesting the things you can do.
With all due-respect, the instructor is knowledgeable, energetic, positive, encouraging, professional, likely a thought-leader within her life-spheres, dynamic, and over-all very pleasant. I'm sure the course is great for those who like to sit and listen to someone talk. That said, I'm getting an estimated ratio of 5-7% relevant key-info to verbal fluff. The nuggets of info relevant to the topic can be quickly distilled in seconds from reading the video transcript as opposed to sitting through the minutes of each video. No a compelling end-user experience for this viewer. I'm sure the class and this format is lovely for some. Hard to imagine sitting through all the blah blah blah for an entire course, let alone paying $50 USD/month for an entire certificate. Thank you for considering my feedback. Cheers!
The technical concepts are basic, which is great for a beginner's course. The instructor, however, is _incredibly obnoxious_, to the point that I procrastinated on returning to this course for months and months (and considered just ultimately withdrawing). There are also plenty of expectations from this course that seem to be built on having previous experience in business, or a formal education in some kind of computing (programming, math, etc), which is not at all appropriate for this course.
I think this course was not a Crash Course on Python, but a Crash Course On Programming. The level was really beginner-friendly and disadvantages the more experienced developers. However it didn't come up to my exceptions, I can say for sure that beginners in the programming word can benefit a lot from this course because the information is structured in a way that encourages step-by-step learning process.
this is NOT made for someone who is a true beginner and has no knowledge of python. The videos have little quizzes to check for understanding that are NOTHING like the actual module quizzes. I wouldn't pay for a course like this ever again. I didn't learn anything really and the only reason i passed was the discussion boards.
I've already discovered a few errors in the grading and a few misleading questions made to confuse people with bad wording. I was expecting much more quality. I've been able to make 100s on everything but there are just far too many bugs. Very disappointed I allowed it to renew. Never again. Avoid Coursera.
Definitely struggled with this course. I've gotten multiple certs in IT but no programming background. Think this course might be better off for people with slight exposure to Python before. If there were just a couple of more breakdowns or explanations for functions that would help a lot.
This course was poorly created.   The explanations of each section were understandable; but, the assignments were horrendous.  Thank God for the "Discussion Forums" and the students who provided solutions.
I wish it had been a little more clear, the week 6 assignment was extremely tough because a lot of us couldn't get the browse button to show up and the code was very tough for what we learned.
a very good course in giving you the basics but quizzes and assessments are very hard with focusing on mathematics , and have no explanation why the answer is correct or incorrect
Very hard to follow and not enough resources w/in the course to keep along. I constantly had to search out side of this course for help and definitions on concepts.
I find the way it is teached very childish, and the exercises very abstract and useless compared to other courses on the same subject
Wording of questions more confusing than subject taught. Needs revision
Very little explanation for complex learning subjects.
Too easy !!!!!
The Google Brand Name is why I took this course.  The video quality and graphics are excellent.  The course content is good.  Why only three stars?  You need a decent background in Python before taking this course else plan to spend a lot of time learning  Python basics outside the course just to pass.  Also the quizzes are very tricky puzzles to solve which felt like pealing an onion with unnecessary complication for a beginner course.  I found the final project easier and much more enjoyable than most of the quizzes. The "Social Justice" opinion content messages inside the course are not necessary to learn Python and better suited in a social studies course.   Removing these unnecessary videos and adding a few more minutes of Python content for each week would make a world of difference.  In the end the course is worth taking if you are going for the bigger certificate Google offers here or really want to quiz your basic Python knowledge.  Else not.
It could have included more examples and projects
This course only got three stars because the main takeaway is to fend for yourself and go find the answers you need on the internet. Many of the lessons lack crucial information such as examples of concepts and contextual definitions and feedback from mentors can take up to a week. Overall, the content was interesting and engaging but the organizational structure is lacking.
The course is amazing but could have been more elucidate. The composition part of OOP is not at all explained that way. And there were many assignments, which were actually very easy, but I wasted hours on them because the instructions were not clear. Also, fewer examples have been shown here compared to assignments.
I feel like the content in the videos are presented in a simple, if not over simplified, manner. It's easy to approach and build a bit of confidence. However, the quizzes and questions seem to throw randomly phrased curve balls at you that can completely erase that confidence in an instant. The course itself seems to gear itself towards a beginner crowed but then question you on an intermediate level. I appreciate the idea of questions that try to make you think critically over the content, but I don't enjoy not having the resources to figure out what I did incorrectly.Maybe you'll agree, maybe you won't. Maybe this isn't the way I learn well, or maybe your opinion is that of someone with a "Beginner+" understanding of programming. I think the content is all well enough as it is. I just don't think this is as beginner friendly as it believes itself to be.I won't be continuing on and will return to the books I was learning from previously. I was attracted to the idea of a beginner course that would verify some sort of progress in a certificate to keep my motivation up. Instead I feel like I've wasted time, and thankfully a small amount, of money on this.Best of luck to you all.
I do love the lecture then answer a question and take a quiz logic BUT, we are taught a simple example then given a question that requires methods we've not been taught so it is expected that we must use outside sources to complete the coursework which doesn't seem right to me.  I thought I was paying for this course to teach me, a beginner, how to think through the questions, but I find instead that I'm paying to get a short lecture, and expected to answer much more advanced questions than I've been taught.  I showed the examples to someone who has been doing Python for a long time and even they said this way of teaching is, "mean".  It's like the creator of this content doesn't want us to be able to complete the material.
The course had great information.  I think the course flow was a bit out of order where they did certain complicated tasks before taking on the simpler tasks.  As an example, they talked about defining functions really early in the program when they hadn't even talked about all the data types yet.  That said, if you are in the Information Technology career-field, they had fantastic examples of how Python can be used to improve your job performance.  I recommend this course if you are an IT specialist, but if you aren't, there are better courses to learn python (I really liked University of Michigan, Python For Everybody).
The instructors are amazing to make that clear. My concern throughout the course was the compiler I write the quizzes and assignments. It wasn't very user-friendly as it sometimes get stack, sometimes the side bar malfunctions and I end up having a hard time moving through my code (zooming in and out). I tried moving to my iPad to use the Coursera app but it had a problem with the compilers as well, as it sometimes doesn't show the compiler for some quizzes/ assignments. I was using MacBook Air (2015)(safari browser) and iPad Air 2(coursera App). Apart from that It was a beneficial course and I am glad I took it :).
The class taught a lot of information however the tests and assignments were much more advanced than what was taught. Good thing it was sponsored by Google, because I had to search for a lot of information left out of the course. My final project worked in my Jupytar notebook and my local python interpreter, but not Google's Jupytar notebook. I asked for help and there was no reply. Google's Notebook also only worked in Chrome (surprise) and not Firefox.If you are just starting out, skip this and use the U of MI classes first.
Would not think that this is beginner friendly. Object orientation programming is very difficult to understand. However, this would be a good course for those who already have some knowledge of Python programming as it would serve to reinforce the basics of Python programming or as a good refresher. The explanations in the videos are a little too short while the quizzes are quite hard. Explanation on tuples and sets are insufficient I feel. Overall, the course is enjoyable if you are not doing it under time-constraint though.
I finished the course March 3, 2020.  At that time, it was very difficult to get expert help.  The discussion forums have 27 moderators but only 2 had replied to any posts or gotten any upvotes.  (Thank you, Sarang Kulkani and Chaitanya P.  At least you tried.)  The problem that I had with the last assignment has been known since January 30 and has still not been solved by Coursera.  I found suggestions by other students and finally found one suggestion that helped me.
While I did learn a lot from this course, I found myself looking to google to answer many questions or show better explained examples. I wish there was a better way to communicate  1 on 1 with a tutor/experienced coder. Also i wish we could have like a once a week video chat or something where we go over key points and brainstorm amongst each other. I do not feel like the discussion forums are very helpful and many of the answers are just given with no explanation.
The course is great and learned so much but it seems there is no much help when u encounter errors in the code. For example, I have been having a problem in the final project where I did everything but just can't fix an error from the code in the last cell( Error: image can't be converted in to float). I did posted this error almost all section of the discussion forum. Is is very frustrating when you can't get your certificate that you worked so hard.
The last assignment went really pathetic for me. Cause i didn't know how to use #jupyter notebook till then. Anyway, every quiz and assignment questions were really classy. It will be really helpful for those who are absolutely beginner in programming and thus in python. By the way , the OOP part were really confusing . Specially #Compostion and the last project with OOP in sixth week. That part should have been taught in a more elaborated way.
Good startup course for Python, the quizzes and assignments were easy and illustrated/ backed up the instructor's concepts. The project had a good summary description but whenever I saw the components of the project,  I saw some deviations/contradictions that led me on a wild goose chase and made me post numerous questions in the forum. There was no availability from the instructor for assistance and she couldn't be reached by email.
The videos, notes, and instructions in general were very good. The content was quite broad and the pacing was also good for a beginner, however I believe that fill in the blanks questions aren't necessarily the best way to learn programming, there was a surprising lack of starting things from scratch which was a bit disappointing as no one's gonna hold your hand when you're writing a script on your own
I really like the course and have learnt many things. I have one major issue with the course, that is : The problems we have during the video lectures don't have solutions. When I can't solve a problem, I want to be able to look at the solution and learn where I did wrong.Please add a solution to the solved questions during the video lectures. As it would benefit all those who couldn't solve them.
Final project isn't 100% clear on what to do with words with numbers in them. By "ignore"  words with numbers. it was meant to remove the numbers from the words and still use the words, however with uninteresting words "ignore" meant to completely remove them and not count them. Poor wording led to frustration and extra time to actually complete a pretty simple project :(
this course is great but im not gonna recommend it for an absolute beginner u need have a little background of programming because thing here are speeding up that u wont even notice it and also there where a lot of math In the quizzes whish  reduced my self confidence a little overall the course is grate but u need to be patient and a little programming background
The good: Covers basics, doesn't require live help to answer questions, many resources available for help and testing, was able to finish lateThe bad: Terse, impenetrable wording of questions and problems, bad subtitles requiring me to go back and listen, Coursera's toolbar structure and mid-video question interface are awful
Course is helpful for filling in gaps you might have in your basic Python, but probably not the best way to learn the language from scratch if you've never used it before. Consider having a supplemental textbook or guide to use alongside it, or spend some time playing around with a project offline too as you go.
All the practice and quiz questions seem to be more complicated than they need to be in order to teach python concepts. For example, there is a lot of math problem solving used as the basis for many of the questions that require a certain level of math understanding prior to writing or solving the python script.
Some of the quizzes had things that were not in the lectures.  Had to do a lot of outside research to find the hints as to how to write the scripts.  Some scripts I wrote got the right answers, but did not return as a correct answer.  Rerun sometimes and it would give me a "correct" on the scripts.  Weird.
It is not easy for anyone who didn't have enough coding background to learn it. I was stuck in the quiz of week 4.  I think the quiz is way more difficult than what is showed on the lecture video.I need to take another newbie-friendly course for python  and practice more  to assure my mastery of python.
The course content was great, at times some may consider it a little too challenging, especially if they're not familiar with programming already. There were numerous technical issues in grading and submission, these need to be ironed out, especially on assignments that are required to pass the course.
The steps from one topic to the next one are very big. Often I needed to search for answers online rather then using the course materials. Might be easier for people with prior coding experience than first timers.Also, quite often questions are quite confusing rather then a fun coding exercise.
The interface needs some tweaking. There are css issues all over the place while taking the quizzes. The grading for the final project doesn't really work. Python content is quite nice. Would totally recommend this course if you have no idea on the subject or if you need to brush up on it.
This is a wonderful course to do a refresher on python or if you want to learn python from scratch or already know some other programming languages like C, C#, C++, Java, etc. The difficulty level is easy and the instructors are really nice.Tip: You can watch the videos at 2x speed.
It contains a lot of good information. My biggest issue was the videos would cover a very basic or simple form of a new concept, but then the quizzes would ask you to do things that were infinitely more complex than the instruction videos or things that had not been covered at all.
Really enjoyed this program! My only issue was learning, only upon completing all the courses, that a badge is currently not being offered for this certification. Maybe it's not a big deal, but it was a damper not being able to put this one next to my Google IT Support badge :(
Course content and delivery is great, but I am not satisfied with the final project.Most of the code in the project is not understandable and what we do is a simple part of it.Also there is a bug (the browse button is not appearing most of the time ) not expected from Google.
All the assignment s are very easy to asses..videos also good...before 1 week I planned to give 5 stars but I am really disappointed about the course because of last week assignment I got maximum of error s although I am correct...only because if jupyter notebook I give this.
The way of teaching is amazing, the problem is, what's taught is level 1, in-video questions are level 2, practice quizzes are level 3, Assessments are level 5 and the final assessment was a level 10. When we're not being taught what we're being asked, that is wrong.
The majority of times the explanation was good and clear but at times it was too fast.Assignments were a bit difficult as compared to what the explained in the sessions. The instructor was good too and didn't make things boring for the students.Overall good course!
It's a thorough introduction to Python, but the later assignments aren't scaffolded adequately. There needs to be more of a step-by-step approach to completing the required tasks. Too much is left out of the code templates that people new to Python wouldn't know.
The course is easy to follow but the videos are very short.  Be prepared to spend a lot of extra time and research to be able to do the quizzes and exercises after watching the brief videos and documentation.  Especially if you are a beginner like me.
The course was good but can be better , last project was pain in the a**. The upload button wasn't showing anywhere although I managed to solve the problem by doing it manually in the code. The course was good but the interface was not so much
This course is a great Kickstarter for anyone who wishes to learn Python. Important topics are covered in each module of the course, along with simultaneous coding environment helping the student to apply what they learnt.
I like the videos but it was a lot coding in the course test that was not discussed in the video...which made it more confusing. Other than that the video was interesting and keep your interest.
The course was good but the  text in the certificate upon completion need to be modified as to have a good value(mentioning of score is required and "non-credit course" is not necessary).
You should provide uploading detail for final code like steps to upload.for coding final program it took 15 min but upload file took 2 hrs. So please add that in course
This girl with not funny jokes is total disaster. Blue haired Margo with sjw propaganda. Why this thing in educational materials? Sorry but not. Its not the best.
I enjoy the challenge of something new-- but I am "older" and am finding this difficult to continue; with so much effort.  I will not continue after this course.
It was an overall great course, but it gets difficult very quickly for a person with no programming background and is way more fast paced than you can think.
I think this offers a very basic overview, but could be more rewarding and challenging if the exercises had more depth and additional solution support.
despite some validations in the platform don't work , the course was very useful and with a great sweet teacher and with a great content by Margara,
Okay, Course. Not very thorough. Expected much better from Google. This is not a course for a beginner it is course to revise your python syntax
I felt that this course has a takeaway for different individuals. In my opinion, I felt that this course can spend a longer time on syntax.
Does not provide answers on any quizzes. Makes it quite difficult to learn from mistakes if you can't figure out the right answer.
It was a great course except by the videos "in Marga's words" , this is a course about "PYTHON" not about how Marga feels.
Grading system was buggy, and I feel that the video lessons didn't always prepare the learner for the quiz/exam questions.
it's not explicitly explained from week 3 till week 6 tbh(5 not included, i didnt watch it yet).. but it's good overall
it's a hard one for beginners. The increasing level of difficulties is very steep so we beginners find it really tough.
Really did not got much people to interact with, wanted some good friends atleast after completion of course.
There's no help.  Looks like they post the same answer on every question which is very irritating.
Significant leaps from lecture to coding for a non-coder. The final project is interesting though
It was very advanced a couple of weeks in and took a lot of extra outside study to pass.
Tough for newbies, some concepts and assignments thrown at you without warning, lol.
could be more informative and easy to understand with more easy exercises !
Great course for beginners; but I wish there were an opt-out assessment.
code in assingments are very irritating as it shows infra error
Quite rigorous for ones who are new to programming.
This course is ideal for the VERY beginners
Basics of python covered in a brilliant way
The calcification process is awful.
it is ok, a good starting point.
final project is a blunder
Not good for begineers
This was a hard Course
Course was easy one
bit clumsy
Lot's of technical difficulties but in the end made it through. I will note that I have a strong background in Python and am taking this as part of another cert. Someone less familiar with python would likely get much more frustrated with the technical issues.
Having insignificant experience with programming, I was already familiar with most of the concepts discussed in the course. I did not, however, know Python, so the challenge was to learn the language. It is reasonably complicated for me, and I enjoyed the time I spent working at assignments and coding. I particularly liked that many examples and tasks related to the real-life problem (many books on learning programming language first give you kitties and puppies examples and then ask you to build a space ship).I did not enjoy working with Jupiter blocks. The only thing that can justify the use of it is the last assessment, and even with that I still don't like it. It's just inconvenient and does not allow you to see the whole picture, so I had to copy-paste the code into an online compiler and work in it. Code blocks aren't ideal (they do not work properly on smaller screens), but at least you don't have to re-run all cells to see if one small change in one cell helped. I also felt like there is not enough time for quizzes (30 mins for 8 tasks that require you to write some code?).However, overall, it was a good experience and I liked the course. Hopefully, there will be some improvements in assignments in the future.
GREAT INSTRUCTOR AND COURSE MATERIAL!The biggest and only drawback is the use of Jupyter notebooks - highly unstable and unreliable. Wasted a lot of time trying to get stable results from the same code... very difficult to do any logical and reasonable testing in Jupyter. It "forgets" the results you've already obtained and gives errors when running the same code. It especially happens, when I don't run my code over and over every 2 mins or so. It just doesn't store your results for too long even if you're in the program editing code. So, you end up re-running everything or exiting and opening file again to get any consistent results without it throwing errors at you or providing false results. When running Jupyter locally through Anaconda, same issues as in the browser through Coursera.Difficult to replicate assignments from Jupyter in a real Python environment because even simple things like importing packages require special treatment. It can be very frustrating for beginners when you get to the point in the course when you need to use Jupyter for assignments.I wish we were taught how to use Python in a better environment, the one that professionals use, rather than Jupyter.
The knowledge shared here is relevant and it is delivered in a fun, dynamic way. The problems in the course, however, could use a bit more clarification - it isn't the code per se that I ended it up struggling with, but the problem definition. Sometimes, in order to write the code, it'd be easier to have the functions/classes without any variables, rather than just have spaces to fill out the code. When you start, it is a lot easier to write your own code from the ground up rather than having to use someone else's code (you have to figure it out prior to write).
My journey through this course was no less than a roller coaster ride but I would like to mention that I really loved this  course. I got a strong hold of concepts through practice.I would like to thank our mentors who helped us with our queries. one more thing I would like to add is that the questions were easy initially. later on the difficulty level kept on increasing which was a bigger challenge. I took help of my friends and people on Discussion Forum to complete this course since as a beginner  it became difficult for me complete this course
Sometimes there are several ways to do things in Python. And it is not always clear from the instructions what the appropriate way to manipulate the object in question. I found this especially true with the optional programming assignment about the servers and connections. When it says add your server or add your connection it wasn't clear what we were trying to accomplish.Also, I think sometimes you have used a construct that was never explained, e.g., .values() on a dictionary traversal. But maybe I just didn't read everything.
The course was presented decently and the examples were simple yet effective. I would have liked a bit more exercises because practice makes perfect.I did not like the jupyter platform as it handles really awkwardly and I somehow managed to override the default save and could not rollback to the initial assignment for the load-balancing exercise. I just gave up because I did not remember which parts were mine and which parts were from the initial assignment. I tried to find a version control interface but simply gave up on that.
I find the overall structure good.  I know that the design is to try to get newcomers involved in Python, but I really find the cheesy comments get to be too much after a while.  (And this coming from a father of 2 that tells "Dad Jokes" all the time!)Maybe there should be another option to do a test for those that already know beyond the basics of Python but want to do the rest of the specialty?  I completed the course in 5 days instead of 6 weeks because I want to get on to where I am learning something new.
I think it was great, really well structured except for some problems which were difficult to figure out without further explanation. I recommend it for anyone starting out with no knowledge at all like me, but I think to be able to have a better insight on python and other programming languages it would be better to find another web for learning python too, after finishing this course, or during the course. This way you can keep learning so that you won't forget, and practice more. Thank you, Coursera!
It's a good course if you have a little background on programming, or at least the very foundations, since certain concepts, that are not mentioned in this course, are necessary to catch how programs and computers work. However, the course covers a bunch of aspects and topics in a concise and efficient way, being very clearly and funny. I really recommend this course for beginners, as long as they're willing to study by themselves in order to cover the concepts not that easy to understand.
The content could be more incremental with more fun examples of how to create python programs. The course felt a bit. Here's an idea and now here are a bunch of rather boring coding exercises. I think it would have been better to have lots and lots of easy coding challenges that you write from scratch, rather than often getting dropped in the middle of a half-completed code example and being asked to complete it. More guided tutorials on writing the programs as well would have been nice.
It has been a challenge, my only problem is not being able to practice more sample codes before I do an exam. I would like course to have an optional exercise area where I can practice what I learned a bit before the lesson exams. The exams really test your knowledge of math functions and you really need to read and understand what the question is asking and output the correct results. The couple multiple choice was a blessing. lol. I had fun.
What is great about this course is they give you the tools to succeed, however, do not walk you through every little detail that could lead to boredom and the inability to retain the information. It is super challenging and  a lot of research, as well as independent reading, needs to go into your journey. The videos are a great reference when working on your final project and referencing the forum was a big help in moments when you get stuck.
I think this was a pretty good course for beginners but i also think there are some concepts that are gone over a bit too fast. I was reading a book along with this course and the book helped clarify some things the 5 min video couldnt. Could've just been how i learn personally so i wont hold it against this course but I recommend everyone to read learning python the hard way. definitely helps grasp the concepts more.
Good course but frustrating as the quizzes don’t work till unlocked by admin. I was not able to type code for the answers. Every time I had to leave a message and wait till next day to be able to take the quiz. I would like to unenroll from this course. I do not want to continue the course. DO NOT CHARGE MY CREDIT CARD for this after the trial period is over. I will register for a different course later. Thank you.
The explanations are fairly ok. This is the first crash course I ever did on anything, so my opinion might be biased. Overall, I feel more confident regarding Python. Let's still room for improvement in my foundations, though. For that, I believe reading books like Automate the Boring Stuff by Al Sweigart or watching Corey Schaffer's Python tutorials on Youtube can also be very helpful for completing this course.
It's really tough when you're a beginner to make it to the finish line. I think the encouragement from the presenter was very positive and the final assignment was just within my ability. I wish Jupyter Notebooks were introduced right at the start. I'm coming to grips with IDLE but I think an incremental approach using Jupyter Notebooks right from the start would have made the course easier and more enjoyable.
The course was pretty good. Christine has explained all in a really good way. Easy to understand for beginners. One star missing is because there was times where in assessments we were supposed to use some functions not explained during videos. I know it won't be possible to explain all functions of a class but the important ones are necessary. Overall a good experience and a great start to python:)
I would give it a 5/5 but I feel like I had to go to the forums for learning from peers sometimes rather than re-watching the videos. Loops are tricky and I feel like the videos could have been more related to the questions that were going to be on the quizzes/assessments. Overall though, I liked the course and I felt accomplished when I finally didn't have to look up help anymore at the end.
Sometimes is needed to apply some concepts when they are explained, in some stages, they provide alternatives that confuse me because are part of next stages during the development of the course, and sometimes when you put the code in your own console it works but in the proper environment of the course it produces as an output a mistake that sometimes you have to look for how to solve
The instructor was very good at what she was teaching...it was visible...i haven't given 5 starts because concepts like sets and composition weren't explained in depth but made use of later in the exercise part. But overall this crash course is very complete on its own and definitely one of the best available on the internet. Thanks for providing such professional expertise online.
Really fascinating course and I say, one of the best courses on Coursera. Even if you have no prior knowledge of python or any programming languages, you won't find it hard to understand the course material. It does get a bit hard in the end when OOP is introduced but with a little practice you'll do just fine. I highly recommend this to everyone. Happy Learning.
The Instructor is one of the best few tutors that are amazing and good at what they do. In all my life i have meet lots of tutors and she is the third tutors that i will say best in all my tutors. She is really amazing and made the all course very interesting and fun to study. Never a dull moment nor did i ever fell asleep while she was teaching. She is A++
I think this is a great course, definitely going to continue on. The missing star is only because I wish there was more practice involved with each new concept and video. I had to find other resources to help me learn, but other than that I would really recommend this to other people who would like to learn to program. Thanks for beginning my journey!
Valuable course for someone who has worked with python little bit . Otherwise for beginners need to do lot of homework for each week to understand the concept. It's a crash course and the name implies everything. Suggestion: It would be nice if there is more practical quiz even if the course extend by another one week.
A bit hard for a beginner, or at least someone with bad logic. Could start with the University of Michigan's course "python for beginners", that one is slower and easier to understand with less coursework. Otherwise, it was fun to run through the assignments and realize what you don't know. In my case, it was a lot.
It looked like the course has been modified a few times for error correction and accuracy. Some in video exercises do not correlate to the video lectures. But I guess part of learning how to code is to learn how to look up different resources to help you figure out concepts you don't know. It is a good basic course.
Everything was awesome..right fro instructor to Practice exercises, but the last graded assignment, the Final Project had some technical issues in it, so one star less, but I would love to thank Google for such an amazing course! helped a lot!! Hoping to complete this Google IT Automation with Python soon
It is a good course for beginners in Python but not the best for beginners in programming! I had knowledge about other programming languages so I was comfortable throughout it. Although, had it been my first course in programming, I would have faced lot of problems. But overall, I enjoyed the course!
It's a great course for beginners. The basics of python are very interesting and very vast, of which the most important concepts are covered here. This course requires a lot of self-study to make yourself fluent in the language. Going through the documentation is a must alongside the course material.
It's a great platform to learn from google and course was really excellent and straight forward i.e., I have gone through several youtube videos all are explaining lot of concepts but here they explained exactly what beginners or intermediate wants with high voltage explanation. Highly recommended.
The course was good and interactive .The course was full of fun .The concepts like object oriented programming should be explained more  deeply . Course instructor was a good communicator I enjoyed learning  . But the content is less for some concepts eg. sets ,oop please make a tutorial on those
Sometimes I would get stuck. I wish there were more examples, but more help in each example. Frustrating to get stuck and have no clue how to continue without googling, which often gives answer without any effort. I wish I could choose to do other similar ones until I felt I was able to continue.
Great beginning course!  The instructor was engaging and encouraging and I enjoyed the examples and problems.  I'd like to see a few more docstrings and correct output to compare with my output in the Jupyter notebooks.  The OOP coverage delved just far enough - it was too good to be optional.
Covered much of the basics of programming in a logical, and systematic way. Had a lot of useful examples and user participation, especially for a pre-recorded online class. Maybe could have gone a touch faster, but when the user can watch videos on 2x speed, this really isn't an issue
The regular exercises and assignments throughout the course helped reinforce the concepts and its applications. Overall 5 start worthy had it not been the technical glitches with the code blocks and having to refresh the browser multiple times in order for the code to start working.
Excellent diving into the right level of detail.  The Object Oriented Programming optional section didn't seem right to me, somehow.  Some struggles getting the Jupyter notebooks to behave properly.  Their insertion towards the end of the course seemed forced and...... unnecessary.
I found this course very interesting. Great emphasis was laid to the syntax and the topics were explained with clarity.I thank the team at Google for putting together this wonderful course and Christine Rafla for delivering the course lectures with great enthusiasm and clarity.
The program is very good, the practice can get a little confusing because it can feel like you're learning something slightly different during the lesson. The lesson does a really good job of explaining the concepts and does a little less so on how to implement the concept.
Great course for beginners  with real industry automation examples given along with demonstrations.Input from user could also be included in this part of the code for code testing this necessary initially.Programming assignments were great to implement the concepts taught.
Great course with seamless transition among fundamental topics of Python programming. I loved the in-lecture questions and programming assignments in each week. Additionally, the project was easier than I thought thanks to in detailed explanation in the problem statement.
Just The Course For a Beginner and Even for the Ones who want to Brush up their Python syntax and semantics who had been working in other languages and had a gap of not using python ....as we all Know the more u use a language often the more u become efficient with it .
Very good course, and the way of teaching was really great. I loved the sudden questions on the screen while watching the videos. But I think at the end things got hard a little too fast and I struggled a lot at the end, but overall, this course is highly recommended!
Glad to about recursion and object oriented programming. However, I prefer Google to allow students write Python script from scratch. This will allow students to be creative in problem solving. Also, sometimes I don't understand logic of the predefined python script.
I personally find that this course has been a bit hasty. Specially from Week 4 and thereon. Newbies will find it a bit challenging. But overall, it was a good experience. The instructor was quite motivating (which really helps in the later parts of this course T_T)
This is a very good course to learn the basics of Python. The videos are short and interesting. One gets a lot of opportunities to practice writing code at every step of the way. I however felt I needed more explanation in the object oriented programming section.
Very good course for an into to python. I felt some concepts moved a little fast and examples were confusing to grasp. I found watching additional videos outside of this course and the discussion forums were very helpful and a key to success for this course.
The course by Google is very good. The presentation videos are awesome. Instructor explained very well. The only thing missing is some examples. Some of the practice tests are difficult for beginners. Without examples solving them is bit difficult.Thank you
Course id definitely interesting and helpful, helps with many concepts and the instructor is really awesome, but the problem is with the way some questions are described, its hard to understand what actually we are supposed to do. Everything else was fun.
The course is really wonderful. I really enjoy learing python professionally. The one thing I really dislike on this course would be the online IDE. The online IDE does not have automatic function selection and it becomes really pain to type everything.
It is very engaging and interesting. It does teach a lot in an easy way. It does however skip over some things but then will expect you to do it in the quizzes. Luckily it is not to hard to find out what needs to be done through the discussion forums.
A very well-packed course for everyone who wishes to learn the basics of python in a fun and interesting way. I had the most fun in doing the final project of this course. Really helpful and concepts are explained in the simplest of ways possible.
I thought the course was well done and the topics were relevant. The improvements I would recommend are, more repetition with these fundamental tasks and a way to check answers and potentially hints on the exercises embedded in the video lectures.
Being a beginner, I found the last part where I came across a complex file upload routing most difficult to get my arms around.  I am used to the simple file uploads but not this. I am trying to crack this but am disappointed with this....
Overall the course was very good ! The excersice at the end of every module was challenging due to the fact that code blocks messed up now and then with the indentation error ! The instructor was friendly and good and what she taught ..
Excellent course. I would have given it 5 stars if  it had provided more exercices with solutions, and if the steepness of the learning curve had been more equal throughout.Still very happy to have completed it ! Totally worth it.
The only criticism would be that video explanations were oversimplified. Videos only covered really basic examples, but then practice assessments would be much harder than things discussed in the videos... otherwise great course!
Was amazing! Learnt a lot and got the last assignment done (WAS DREADING IT!) Feedback to Google: I had to go away from the course to learn more about sets. They are referred in exersizes but not really covered in course notes.
Very helpful for beginners like me. I like mostly the quizzes and assignments within the videos and also the module assignments. It really challenged my understanding and the proper use of the concepts. I am glad I made it.
It was an awesome course loved the graded assessments and the method she taught but there still stuff that she didn't teach like inheritance , its kind of bugging why didn't they include it in this course , I don't know .
one of the best short courses out there for python, the instructor is very nice and explains concepts with a lot of enthusiasm which is nice. Difficulty level sometimes gets high in questions otherwise a very good course.
The course is well done and easy to follow. Already having some programming experience I was able to complete the course in less than a week, however I believe that with enough time anyone could complete it quite easily.
Even though the course is basically a crash course, it really was too short. I hoped that it would be longer so that the practice before the latter courses would be more. But the examples and assignments were on point.
The course was very good, even though I knew a bit of python before beginning this course, it isn't something that you can just breeze through. Several parts were a bit challenging. But overall, a great experience.
In general it was a great course, i think it can improve in some areas, because at some ocassions it feels that the assigments and homeworks don't match with the information that was teached in the video lectures.
I removed the one star because the last wordcloud project had some problems.The notebook was having some bugs thereby not displaying the browse button.I had to try it for about 50 times until it worked properly.
The Jupyter Notebooks Final Project was problematic because the configuration upload configuration code provided by Coursera failed.  I had to build a work around, but eventually got through the final project.
It is a great course! I really enjoyed how to use Python through practical exercises. The final project is performed in Jupiter Notebook, therefore it had better for me to teach more detail about the function.
The instructor was very engaging. But the concepts taught and the questions were complicated for a beginner.Else I totally love the teachings of Google and look forward to work with you in the next 5-10 years
The Crash Course on Python was fairly challenging.  Some of the answers weren't clearly spelled out, therefore I did many Google searches also.  I appreciate that examples were provided on most of the topics.
The course is definitely, highly recommended for people who already know a language like C++,Java or Javascript , but not recommendable for beginners.The assignments are hard , challenging and fun to do too
awesome ,i gave only 4 stars , because in final stage they end by soon i think .they missed the indepth flow which the had it in the beginning , last 2 week constant has only few things about that sessions
The auto grader is not proper when I submit directly from Notebook I wasn't able to pass but, when I downloaded the same file and upload it manually I was able to pass.Please make sure to solve this issue.
learned many new concepts even though I know the basics of python beforehand. cons: I felt that the course could be conducted in a more serious manner without too much chitchat. little chitchat is better
In some parts of the tests, they present some concepts somewhat different from those passed in class.
Support material in pdf could also be made available.
But the course was very good, I liked it a lot
great course your instructor is amazing shifting past complex problems _ dam you recursion with passion and enthusiasm though her jokes dry am really grateful for this chance honestly thank you Coursera
Really liked the teaching method. I'm omitting one start because I believe some other basic concepts were missing like file handling which is basic yet very powerful domain of any programming language.
Overall an excellent course! There were some minor hiccups with how the final assignment worked, but it eventually all worked out! Would recommend to a friend if they wished to learn how to use python.
It's really good course with interesting task and especially interesting introduction to OOP! Although, I graded it as 4-star instead of 5-star for really troublesome submission for the final project.
Overall its good, but the subjects of the quizzes are harder and more confusing than the actual python concepts.  I think the subjects should be simple and easy so that the focus in on the language.
It was an amazing learning experience from basics to some complex programming. I feel really comfortable working with python after this course. Looking forward to do more amazing things with python.
Very good course, I would be very happy if they taught us about how to install python in my local PC and use it locally. That's why i'm taking one start back, otherwise it would be a perfect 5 star
The course needs to be cleaned up a bit, some of the example exercises were not really well done.Final project grader also gave the output "Nice job! Youve properly balanced all the servers"  ???
The tests had a lil more difficulty level compared to the level of teaching. For someone who is a beginner i coding finds it difficult to cope with it. Apart from that it was a fabulous journey.
This course is very interesting and very interactive  i will learn lots of new things and i am very thankful to the instructor to teach me through out  the  course.This course is very amazing.
I have to say it was 90 % practical course which I really enjoy but I wanted to little more explanation in the videos. I wouldn't mind watching more videos if those were there. overall amazing
The course was well designed. It would be nice if the course can be modified to introduce the use of Jupyter Notebooks right at the beggining. At least I felt it would me more useful for me.
The final assignment can be improve, by tell what the error when grading. I got the code to work however been fail multiple times, after multiple summation of the same code it suddenly pass.
This course was very informative, at times it was challenging to complete certain projects because some of the information was unclear. All in all this course was a good fit for my schedule.
There is a lot of vag information a little more detail would go a long way. I mean the examples were way more simplistic than the problems given to solve. Overall the course was good.
Course material was really good. Working with Jupyter was a bit challenging. Needed multiple tries but the discussion forums were helpful to get rid of the common errors encountered.
Videos were helpful, and coursework was useful. Feedback from the mentors in the discussion forums is sorely lacking and rarely relevant.A good primer to a first coding language.
I loved the course and contents. At times, it was hard to follow. I wish there were more examples and explanations on how certain things were done.  All in all, I enjoyed it.
Christine was fantastic. I've never seen a more enthusiastic lecturer.4/5 because some of assignments could have been better explained and the workbook had technical issues
Really interesting exercises that applies to everyday problems, a little complicated sometimes for people that might get their first step in IT with some basic knowledges.
It's a great course especially if you're just starting with python. The assignments and assessments really test your python knowledge as you progress through the course.
The course was perfectly fine and easy to understand. One little problem was that the questions asked in the test assessment were little tough than shown in the examples
find something creative to learn.came to learnt a lot of new things.find it interesting . find it to be a good  course for the beginners. provide a good platform to work
Good Content, but more on automation eccentric not properly for Python programming beginners. But yeah great job by google content development team. Great, job guys👍
Not a bad intro to Python.  The only thing I would change is to maybe start the notebooks work earlier.  The fill in the blanks interface early on is a bit clunky.
This Course is awesome and the instructor is so much friendly that it feels like she is teaching me in an actual class. She is the best instructor I've ever met.
Wonderful course for beginners, easy to understand, concepts were made so easy to understand and the practice quiz and assignment made learning more impactful.
The instructor who taught to me is very pretty good.I understood the concept as soon as possible.I made it.Thanks for my discussion forum to clarify my doubts.
It's a good course, but I shouldn't have to look up things on other sites to be able to complete the assignments. There were things that were not taught right.
Grader at the end has problems. The feedback of the grder is unclear and many threads are written by people having issues submitting and passing the final task
The course is very useful but the knowledge provided by the instructor are very limited .please increase the points that will the learner to get ease to learn
The instructor was awesome. If you are a beginner then this is the course you would like. Although you need to see other resources to fully grip the concepts.
It's really a very interesting course provided by google. This course is Good for all those who are passionate about IT and Python Programming Thanks Google.
Quite good for a complete beginner, although there's hardly anything for an experienced programmer to get... Nevertheless the course content is quite good!
Good course with challenging quizes. I do recommend having access to other Python learning materials while taking this course for reference and examples.
The content mentioned is explained quite well but still, I feel strongly that level of assignments and tests could be higher. Questions were very simple.
Great course. I think more examples and more practise quizzes as optional should be included in each module so students can practise even more. Thanks
Course is good. About all exercises were hard. Moreover, I learned something new about Python. I wanna  buy the other courses about Python by Google.
It would be 5 stars if the feedback for a wrong solution on tests/projects gave more intuitive hints. Most of it just kept me guessing at the answer.
Video examples jumped too far ahead of the actual material that was being introduced. I recommend to include more information and more hand holding.
Enjoyed.. I liked the course. I was expecting more practice exercise. Overall good learning experience. Thank you trainer and content creation team.
This courese is great for people with at least a little programming knowledge, but people with no programming experience may find it hard to go on.
the only bad side of this course is that the final project seems like a really difficult task. it's so hard to fully understand what was happening
This Course is great and very interesting and the way the tutor explains the concepts are very awesome.She is such an amazing tutor.Thanks Google
A bit too hard for total newbie in the IT sector, but with help of our good mentors and other learners, it is possible to make it to the end! ;)
A very fun and useful course. The subtitles didn't always match the audio because they probably used speech-to-text. They could improve on that,
The information given was easy to digest and they give good reference material. The forums may be lacking just a touch, but overall very helpful
The module was awesome to start up with Python. It started from simple building blocks of Python to complex coding. All in all it was a good go.
It was fine because I've learned python previously. I was here to brush up my skills. But, not suitable for first-timers. It's very fast-paced.
Each python course I take by a different individual I always learn something new.  Appreciate this course for teaching real-world application.
The course is good, I like it. But, the final task is designed badly. How should I know that I should put a dictionary to an unknown function?
The teaching was fantastic and it would be better if there would be solutions to the practice test provided for us to learn from our mistakes
As a start on Python, this is a great course, it opened a window for me to move on and helped me get started. looking forward to the course 2
a few times, instructions weren't clear enough to solve the questions but most of it was great. Going to enroll in the next course soon.😄😃
The course was overall great, I wish there should have been more emphasis on explaining the syntax, other than that everything was perfect.
This is a very good course. I did not give it five stars because I felt maybe the assignments and grading of assignments could be improved.
This didn't feel like a course for beginners. I thought this was a work at your own pace, it did not feel that way with the deadline dates
very challenging., wish the instructor will go more in details on how to utilize certain functions andprocedures base on the circumstances
Well designed for beginners.Would've been better if there were couple more projects with problem statements for programming from scratch.
It was a great course to learn the basics of python. The only thing that I recommend is usage of more examples while explaining concepts.
Practices are well paced and help reinforce syllabus.However final project had a big jump in difficulty that could have better guidance.
Good resources and practice. The IDE needs some work and not everything is always super clear but other than that I think it was great.
This is a very good course. Somewhat difficult at times when it comes to the programming assignments but the videos are well laid out.
Overall this course helped me a lot to write my very first script in python. But a little more detail could add to this course a lot.
Everything is fine, just that the I found the assignment is a big jump from the lessons. Having hard time to understand the question
Mentor interaction or guidance along with more intractable environments with accurate variable maps would make this a 5 star course.
This course was very good. But in final assignments, I felt very hard to understand, but I will not stop learning and practicing.
The course material is clear and easy to follow. The instructor is excellent. The grader for the final project needs improvement.
nicely organized and well presented, good practice exercises, would have liked to see more practical uses, could be faster paced
Week 5 content should be easier or split into two different weeks.overall I had a great experience learning python with google.
everything was good enough to get a better understanding especially the quizes. what i didnt liked was the last final project.
The exercises didn't have similar examples for practice, was challenging allot.Overall Very good couse and superb! Instructor.
This was a great experiance . this python course is really good but the only week 5 part is some what difficult to understand.
The teaching was great but i'd hoped for the example to be more closely related to what is taught so that learning is easier.
The course is grate! I feel that they could explain better, the questions were dramatically harder then the content explained
It is a good course the instructor is very cute and experienced the course is focused towards IT and quizzes are very complex
I enjoyed the course very much.  The reason why my 4 stars, is due to the lack of technical support.  It was none existing.
Some tasks were described poorly. It took some efforts to understand what's required to do. Otherwise it was fun to play :)
Good learning . The catch point of the course is the after every step there is a self assessment by completing assignment.
According to me the course should have more detailing. as we are solving the assignment, the video lectures are not enough
Somewhat difficult for a total beginner who has no basics in programming at all, but after a lot of hard work seems nice.
This was a great course, the last project took me many more hrs than I had planned but its done so i hope all master it.
It is a good course for someone to brush up Python learning again. The instructor was very good in engaging the learner.
Very helpful to get a good knowledge of python basics, in a very well structured manner and would recommend others too.
A lot of good concepts for those new to Python or coding. This course is definitely not for complete beginners though.
This course is a recommend for me. With prior python understanding, i learnt different approaches to solving problems.
Would have liked the programming exercises to be less abstract and more concrete in their application to OSes and IT.
The course is very professional, it is very clear and understandable. And the difficulties grow as you go.
Regards.
Its a goood platform to learn python even for beginners. Hoping that the next course will be as interesting as this
Well structured course. Throughout the session there was a lot of practice helping you understand at every step.
i am not giving five star because final assignment submission process is difficult for beginners to understand.
Easy to learn , great explanation and cool projects . Good for beginners to advance in programming with python.
Compiler notebooks are very unpredictable and do not work at times even if there is nothing wrong with the code
good for beginners but needs to tell more info about python functions ,and string,list,if loop for loop methods
This course is knowledge full nd relevant to learn Python language .It's give basic knowledge about Python .
Some practice programs are difficult to understand. But the course is well organized and easy to understand.
The Instructor was awesome. The project was not that much good but sufficient to learn what I was here for.
to the point content. tricky assignments. i recommend this course to those trying to get a grip on python.
it helps us to get a overall grip over python but as the name suggests its just a crash course for python
This  platform to enter in the industry of IT. They provide  like

best courses.Great Google AND Coursera
Course was very nice,and instructor was so beautiful,i like the was she taught us how to tackle problems
a very good course for beginners .a very good quailty of exersies along with proper solution is present
Most importantly all examples and concepts were taught with no hustles and great relevancy. Thank you.
Video training materials are extremely good, but the quizzes are sometimes harder than they should be.
i enjoyed and learned all the things very precisely and easily ... and have a good experience with you
it was better than okay.But we could have been provided with more real practical examples to work with
Nice Course!!!! The final project was quite challenging but really help in building knowledge needed.
I really hate the final project. there's a submission error. even the result is correct, u'll get 0.
If you already know python you'd have a great revision and if you dont this sure is for you cheers!!
Deals mostly with Basics of the Python Programming language.It's really good for absolute beginners.
Great course for beginners. The lectures were solid. More problems should be added to the quizzes!!!
It may be quite hard for new learners,and you have to find some extra learning resources sometimes.
Excellent course for beginners. Covers the fundamentals contents of the Python world step by step.
Amazing experience...Just that in the whole course they don't teach us how to take input from user
It was a tough one but yes it thought me the basics of Python. Objectives of the Course were met.
The course is very good. The instruction are clear and easy. For beginners its the best to study.
Great course I learned a lot only suggestion i have is maybe a little bit more reading material.
Ecxellenct training material and videos. A bit challengiing for the absolute beginner though.
Great course! But, there are times when the exercises don't match up with the video content.
Pretty interesting methods of teaching. Plus a cool teacher! I would definitely recomand it!
Good with hands-on training. However, the times listed are much larger than actually needed.
Good experience! Had a little difficulty in the project part. But overall a good experience.
it is very interserting  for learning in online and also very useful for my higher education
very good course design and great instructor but the code checker needs to be more friendly.
This course is good but if can be designed more stress towards beginners that will be good.
Thank you so much Google, for providing this very useful course.I learnt a lot from this.
Everything was fine but some of the assignments are a bit harder for a beginner like me.
Good for the beginners its teaches you the basic syntax and motivates you to do python.
Good for the people starting out in programming. Final project is really interesting!
A very basic and simple course. Yet good for beginners. Well explained. Good material
final assignment was very thrilling.after so much struggle i finally got the output
The assignment and project works  are little tricky and difficult for beginners.
Defiantly not for absolute beginners, love materials, explanation and exercises.
Really Exciting content, so much competitive learning in quizzes and assignments
Interesting Course!! It gave me a glimpse of what we can accomplish with Python.
I loved it ! But excercices in weeks 5 and 6 need a little bit more explanation
Course was really useful and plenty of contents were explained short and sweet.
A bit tough for the newbies in programming but well structured course overall.
Loved the course and the instructor as well. Her way of teaching is very good.
very interesting , got a bit confusing in end but the content was very useful
Really amazing and feeling good in learning python basics through this course
good course but not for beginners should more concentrate on programming part
Not really easy but if go search thru the web to learn will sure be helpful.
Mam should give some more examples with  examples reference with the quizzes
Quite challenging near the end, interested to see what the next courses hold
It is a good course and useful to improve my knowledge in python programming
It's an excellent course for someone with a little knowledge of programming.
This course helped me in using python and making scripts for various tasks.
It is a nice well designed course, only assignments should little flexible
Starts easy but ramps up really quickly. Had to rewatch a few episodes...
very good course .but have trouble while submitting assignment on Jupiter
The course is well paced and satisfies learners of all difficulty levels.
Great exercises and good way to learn. I hated the videos, very childish.
It was somehow complex task for a beginner. But it was good through out!
this course was amazing I really like watching it from start to the end
Very demanding, but both the content and teaching style were very good
More practice questions integrated within the course will be helpful.
Good one, more helpful for those who dont have prior coding knowledge
This course is a great choice for one who is willing to learn python
very nice course , you will get to learn a lot of different things .
Good teacher. The final assignment is a bit messy and superficial.
teach you the basics  until Dictionaries. Good to Grasp the Basics
Amazing Course from Amazing person . Thankyou for explain well :)
It has some minor mistakes but it's overall good python practice.
This python crash course helped me build my confidence in python.
Some of the steps were not explained clearly for me. Still good
it was good course but they must teach us everything in details
Very awesome class but more explanation on each modules needed.
Quizzes are exceptionally tiresome for an introductory course.
Great course for those who has little to no python experience.
Course is great ,but you need to improve submission interface.
The course is Amazing but Coursera Id verification is very bad
Good course with all basics, good training for the next level.
few more difficult tasks can give us more strong OOP concept
the course was well designed but was a little bit fast paced
It was awesome learning a new language from great mentors .
Great course to learn python at a short period of time.....
course content was good but the instructor wasn't so good.
Would've given five stars but there were too many puns Lol
Nice work, and concise way of telling a very long story.
The course offered is very nice and useful for beginner.
An amazing course. I learned a lot. Thank you very much.
learnt the basics. and got a great foundation on python
It has been a great experience by learning this course.
It is really a good platform to learn a online courses.
Some question even if done the correct way show issues
Well done, good course, but not for absolute beginners
Amazing course. Even better than Python For Everyone.
Week 3 and week 4 quizzes are difficult for beginners
This is an awsome course as an introduction of python
I could not express how i feel confident with python!
Assignments made us contemplate  and was interesting
It was good experience over all. Learnt many things.
It's very much useful for beginners..Thank u so much
great just trouble while submitting last assignment
very Exiciting,intresting course Content is so good
Awesome teaching, but quite difficult for beginners
Good pace and method to process concepts and ideas.
The course should be more in-depth and explanatory.
A good and basic course to get started with python.
Pretty Good Course... Best Course for Begainers..
Super amazing course to get started with python!!
regular expressions was not there in this course
Technicalities and Detailing could be improved.
its a good course to learn python with practice
was an awesome journey. can't wait to continue
This is a very nice course for the beginners.
The course is good but not for the beginner.
Great Experience, lots of hands on exercises
great  course offered by google. love it :)
Good one. Technical aspects can be improved
Definitely was great, a good way to start.
I hope this course can talk more about OOP
Excellent, i learned very helpfully things
Thanks for the know You guys provided us..
I think a lot of things are too difficult.
It really helped me to start with Python.
very tough to understand in final project
This course is awesome Thank You so much.
needs some improvement in  while solving
Need more instructions for final project
This is a very good and a nice course .
Could have been a little more explained
well design course absolutely go for it
Worth doing for Python Beginners!! :))
Super easy and fun. Lovely experience.
the course is really good for beginner
Really a Great Course For Beginners.!
Good, interesting, a little bit easy.
It got too hard at the end and middle
Great Course!! a lot of new concept !
it was a tough journey but i made it
great course with practical examples
somewhat challenging experience here
Great instructor and course content.
last assignment not worked as given
Grueling but a really good starter.
Good. I love the material provided
Enjoyed learning, Excellent Tutor!
Interesting and informative course
Awesome course, I really liked it
using classes and methods is nice
great course to start with python
The assignments was interesting.
Navigating in jupyter was tough.
examples can be more interesting
is great but need more exercises
A bit fast, but a great course.
Gives just the basics of python
Its a nice course for beginners
I missed a best OOP explanation
very intresting and interative
Excellent course for beginner.
The problems were very simple.
Can shorten the course a bit.
sometimes is too confusing.
Very strong but good course
The question was very tough
Good and Interesting Course
Great starter for Python !
worth it! Totally enjoyed
tough course for beginner
NIce Structure of Course
nice course for newbees
It was great, satisfied
Very practical examples
this course is amazing
Good Foundation Course
nice very nice course
Best course in python
course is intresting
Interesting!!!!!!!!
interesting  course
it was a fun coure
its  really awsome
pretty easy course
Very tough course.
Love the exercices
tutor was great!!
Very Good Content
Good interaction
Amazing Loved it
Its a good one
Simply awsome
it was great!
Good content.
It was great
Fun and Easy
Good cource
Cool stuff
it ws good
Great Job
Excellent intro to using Python. Not for the absolute beginner but if you have done some programming in Python this course will introduce you to all the 'basic' concepts real fast.
This course was really helpful in developing my coding skills in python.The exercises helped me to test my knowledge .Overall it was a really good for people like me who are just beginning with python
The exercises in each module were really helpful and the course has covered all of the required bascis. People reading this, I will tell you not to skip the OOP module as it is the essence of python.
A comprehensive course on Python, that lets you explore step by step. This is the best structured python course I have seen in a while. Thanks a lot to the instructor and the course content writer!
Such a helpful and a valuable course! The instructor is very friendly. This course gives us a wide platform to perform and perfect the language and i am happy to have been benefitted from this.
Thanks for the very well made course. The interactive part is very useful to get hand-on exercise to understand the content.
Very thorough coursework. The approach was a little reversed from other python intro courses but i appreciated this method as it felt more natural. Looking forward to the rest of the specialization.
The course serves as a refresher for someone who already knows programming in Python, or any other language, and it could work as well for a beginner with no programming experience, although they need to do a bit of studying on their own. The programming assignments are good in the sense that they make you analyze and think critically.I would recommend not to skip the optional material.
Splendid, it was very informative, and not to mention challenging at times but overrall this course is surely one of the best python courses out there, instructor was great, she explained the concepts very smoothly.If you are reading reviews to check whether or not to enroll, Enroll its totally worth your time, and at the end you won't regret it. :D
Excelent course. It would be great if you could add some optional guides with exercices so developers can practice more. As you say on the videos, the only way to master a skill is through practice.
This is a very polished professional course; it is awe inspiring awesome!  Thank you!
The best Python course of this Era, No other python course could be much nicer, interesting than this one at least over this planet, I enjoyed and learn every video. Christine as an instructor, a teacher really amazed us all with the way she interacted with us and bringing the best out of us during this course. Thank you, Miss Christine.
Thank you coursera and google for this amazing course. The instructor was really awesome and the course content was mind opening and allowed me to use python in really interesting way.
A great course to introduce the fundamentals of python to beginner programmers, and even experienced programmers new to this language. It  was fun, with concepts and structure was easy to understand.
It's a Beginner friendly course, one is looking to start learning python must take it and begin their journey of learning Python, my friend told me about this course, and I am really thankful to him.
Superb!!!!! Content, Explanations of concept, practice quiz and questions are really of good standards. Learn lots of new concept from this course which really going to help me in my profession.
Thank you for this course! I really liked the teaching style with the short exercises in video and practice exercises, which helped me to learn basics and clear my doubts in programming.
All the exercise's were fun and challenging. At some times confusing because formatted output were not included for all the questions in all exercise. Otherwise all in all totally fun.
Thanks for the very well made course. I like the structure of the videos and text to read-along with. The 
prompts within the video to make sure you're listening was a nice 
addition.
Although there are some areas that have really confused me, I managed to figure out where I was getting confused thanks to the video explanations and helpful comments within scripts.
Very straight forward class. I like the structure of the videos and text to read-along with. The prompts within the video to make sure you're listening was a nice addition.
Good course for the beginners. It is awesome for beginners. The exercises and the demo in the videos are cool. Balanced course with implementations as well as theory.
This is my first ever online course which I have completed. I had never thought learning python would be this easy and fun. Really enjoyed the course.
It's really great course with very good materials of content for beginners, I must recommend joining this course which is coming from Google.
Hello.First of all Thanks a lot, this course was amazing and our instructor made it more easy to study and complete this course.thanks!
It is a really good course to learn Python. The Final Project is the most challenging and interesting. It taught me real world Python.
The course is great. My only comment is it would be greater if you add and spent more time on explaining concepts for new comers.
Awesome course on Python. The way to teaching is marvelous. Great content covering wide topic explained in a very simple way.
A great course with challenging exercises.
This course is a very important one to take if you want to be a programmer or an IT person . But , I hope that you will understand this course better if you take the course called "Programming for everybody (Getting started with Python)" . I am attaching the link for this course here . This course will help you to get in the basic knowledge you require to make it through this course easily . Because I found the concepts were very easy and basic there and if you go through that course , you will be making it through this course easier than anyone. Here's the link for that course >>> https://www.coursera.org/learn/python . But, once you complete "Programming for everybody(Getting started with Python) , you should make sure that you complete this course so that you will make it through your IT career . Congratulations on finding this course and use the resources which are available around you and keep learning . All the Best .
I was an intermediate programmer in C++ but I wanted to learn Python. I thought that I would breeze through this course as I knew the concepts and only needed to learn the syntax. But I was pleasantly surprised to see the struggle I had doing the assignment. The lectures are short and top notch in quality. The assignments require creative thinking and you need time to solve them if you're new to Python. You wouldn't be required to type coding questions from scratch, only fill the blanks at very carefully chosen spots in the code. Believe me it gets really annoying when the actual answer is just one word but you need to type out the rest of the code to be able to submit your answers. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to start their programming journey and to those who know some other language and want to learn Python as well.
Overall this is a good course. I am satisfied with what I have learned. Since this is a crash course certain topics were not covered in full detail. I think that is understandable. I was able to fill the gaps in my understanding by looking at outside resources.  The forums were extremely useful. Whenever I had trouble with a problem I was able to get ideas from the forum. Since I had a little prior programming experiece the pace was right for me. I can understand why someone who is totally new to programming might find this course difficult,  which is evident from some reviews. For those folks I would advise them to learn basics elsewhere and then come back to this course.
This is the most exciting course I have ever come across. I feel privileged to receive training from the best IT minds from Google you can come across in the world. Google has exceeded my expectations. The curriculum is airtight and exercises are challenging and complex. I am grateful to the course instructor, Christine Rafla, for imparting practical, real-world knowledge to me. I am also thankful to Margarita, the curriculum developer. The journey hasn't been smooth, but Christine encouraged me and other students to soldier on. And I have made it to the end! But I feel I need to go deeper than what I have learned.
This is a truely wonderful course! Whai I liked the most here apart from the brilliant instructor and interesting yet challenging tasks is that all the information needed to fulfill the task was given in the videos and there was no need to find any additional information. I know it's importaint to search and experiment, but when you are a beginner, first you need to get familiar with the instruments you've just learned without being distracted. And when you are confident enough, with this basis it is much easier to continue learning further, exploring new possibilities of the language. Thank you so much!!!
I had no background in coding but I could learn some basics of Python from this well designed course. This program was really compelling because every time I face a new concept there was small coding quiz in the middle of the videos. Solving assignments was also really fun. Though I really got frustrated when I couldn't  get to the answer quickly, I felt thrilled after overcoming those tip of obstacles. Whenever I see green screen after coding, I could feel the growth of myself.most importantly thanks  for the kind explanation and lovely instructor.
Some help should have been provided for the final submission not in the form of doing half the coding but with understanding errors. This being a crash course and for non-technical students too, sometimes it becomes difficult to understand the error code.Also since class and objects are optional and complicated quite frankly, errors related to same in final submission with no partial marking was quite a setback. Hope I was able to convey the problem, but the course content was otherwise great and I learned a lot. Thank you!! :D
Thanks to the teachers for everything!In this course, I learned a lot about how and where you can put your knowledge of the Python programming language into practice.Most of all I learned about all data types including strings, lists, dictionaries, loops. I outlined all this on 50+ pages! Priceless knowledge!Thanks to you Coursera and Google, I am sure a bright, bright, happy future awaits me!I will definitely continue to take your courses.P.S. Special thanks to Coursera for providing financial assistance!
Course is well organized with a lot of essential Python information given to the beginner programmerat a good pace, with exercises and test questions to allow master the new material.  Students forumallows to share learners problems , solutions or misconceptions to help new learner to proceed at adecent pace. The Final project using Jupyter  notebooks is a little bit difficult for a new learner and should be modified with instructions suggesting to a student to search Google for some solutions.
Dear, Christine Rafla,
You're an excellent teacher, I'm so grateful for your support and believing in our knowledge. Your enthusiasm is easy to catch and feel. But it even can't describe the advantages of the course, you also provided us with really interesting examples, which is easy for understanding for the first time. Thank you for your job☺🤩And especially want to thank each member of your team for producing such an amazing course. Can't wait to continue my studying with you)
This is an excellent crash course on python. I was having prior experience of programming languages such as C,C++ and Java and I wasn't intended to learn python. I was looking for a course that can teach me python quickly without much efforts and this satisfied my all needs. The instructor is really fantastic. Her way of teaching and excitement made learning python fun. I would like to thank the creators of this course and especially to the instructor. You are extremely fabulous.
It is my first course but If I said about this course in a few words about its lecture "It is short and sweet " and the assignments as we going forward a week to another week the difficulty level is increasing. It helps the learner to give pressure on his brain. and logical thinking also developed.The way of teaching of the instructor is very good and it developed a healthy conversation with the learner.Overall It is the best course to start learning the python basics.
This is an amazing course for a beginner as well as for a person who just want to refresh his or her concepts in Python.This course takes you from the basics to advance concepts of python. It was a great journey and was worth time spend.The thing that made the whole course so easy to understand , fun and interactive was the Instructor who gave us motivation and willingness to work at our level best.Thank you everyone who have worked on making this course a success.
As someone who only have -learn-in-the-field knowledge of Visual Basic for Applications, this course succeed in teaching me fundamentals and actual coding practice to me in a fun and interesting way. The final project is also fun and when I made it, I really feel the sense of achievement(dang )The puns are funny too.( in a polite manner lmao) anyway its better than talking through the lecture like a boring professor in the college. Cant wait to continue my journey.
The course was interesting. Need a lot of different examples in week four for list, dictionaries, they have givne less which making excercises lil bit tricky. But that was good for me. Week 6 was tough for me, writing scripts and all. I have never done that before and to honestly tell you. I have done the final project but still, I have difficulties in that concept to understand. But I thing, if I get more exposed to the scripts like this, the more I get to know.
This course has great stuff to learn and to understand. We can learn how the scripting can be written in doing a particular task in day to day life with automation. Especially our Instructor Christine Rafla is very intelligent. She knows how to teach to the learners. She taught us in an effective way. A big thanks to our Instructor Christina Rafla for teaching us. Excited to learn from you mam in the near future. Thanks again Coursera and our Instructor too.
As I have started and first time achieved the online certification so I will give full ☆☆☆☆☆ stars but one thing as a note the difficulty level was maintained in this course that was great and tough for a slow learner (mostly understanding part ) like me.So for a suggestion I want that you should provide more number of questions in quantity in terms of a particular  quality so as learner will never forget the concept in future...And thankyou...🥳🙏😀👍
The teacher is just amazing! if I'm gonna be a teacher, I am gonna be one like her. She's very enthusiastic and makes it more comfortable to learn. Overall the course was great, the assignments can be very tricky and hard for someone new to programming. The final assignment was tough especially since I wasn't familiar with Jupyter notebook but it all worked out, def needs some patience. It was overall worth it, Thank you google, Thank you coursera!
A great course with extremely simple language that was so easy to understand. The main thing that stood out for me were the assignments after each session which helps tremendously in improving the concepts and in-depth knowledge. Excellent way to start python language, you'll surely develop more interest in this language after this course. I suggest to do try this course. I am really satisfied with what i have learnt. Thank you so much!!!!!
The approach in this course is commendable. It goes through the basics of different data types like Strings, Lists, Dictionaries. It then slowly transitions to Object Oriented Programming. It was a surprise to see how easily a concept of Object Oriented Programming was explained. It's not just a plain python course for beginners. It's more than that! I learned how to make code more readable, new concepts and seeing programming in a flow.
One of the most interesting Python courses I have ever attended. The course structure is very good and the assignments and quizzes are very interesting and engaging. You will have to work a lot in order to pass the quizzes if you are learning Python for the first time. Even for a non-beginner like me, I had to be really focused for the quizzes. The final project could have been a little more interesting though. All in all a good course.
Wonderful course in python so far !! Learned many new minute details about the syntax and semantics in python . A very disciplined course outline and structure makes it easy to beginners for grasping complex topics and diving into possibilities effortlessly. Thank you Christine Rafla for being a wonderful instructor, Hope to learn from more of your courses. Excited to start my new python journey ahead.Thank you team Google and Coursera.
Instructor made the course fun and kept my attention. The instructor was a gem and hardly made any mistakes. I really like that the course tackled difficult concepts in the IT field but only focused our attention to what was needed in each lesson. No lesson overreached. I have read python crash course books and an interactive tutorials that were amazing but being able to read, listen, watch, and interact while learning is next level.
I'm very impressed. The information was presented clearly and the course structure seemed very well thought out. I work as a developer, so much of this was review, but I thought the clear way in which the topics were presented would would real well for someone who is a bit more of a beginner. This is the first tech course from Google that I've taken on Coursera. I plan to take more of their courses after seeing how nicely done it is.
As I am from an electronics background, I started with basics steps by watching some youtube videos on Python. It's always about the curiosity and interest that has to developed whenever you are starting to learn a new skill apart from your curriculum. So ended up taking google crash course on Coursera and this really helped me broaden my knowledge in Python. Thanks to Google for making this course feasible and easy to understand.
A great place to start out with Python.  Little to no experience beyond basic computer usage required.  For experienced programmers learning python, this course is probably doable in a week or two if you have a few hours per day to put in.  Will leave you with a good foundation in Python, but will require the next course in this series to get that real world project capability (writing full scripts, interacting with files/the OS).
All I can say is that Google and every member of the team has made such a wonderful job delivering this course, I have already been tackling python but not from the right start.Taking this course was like building the missed base all over, which made me able to understand many concepts and put all the terminology in my head, but this time, in the right place. I recommend this course for everyone who wants to learn what Python is.
This was an awesome, entry-level dive into Python! I love the production quality and attention to detail that Google has in their Coursera courses. I know that this material is widely available online for free, but having it presented in such a clear way is definitely worth paying for (or just auditing) this class to get started using Python ASAP. I can't wait to keep cracking away at these courses over the next few months!
It is an excellent course for the beginner, you will Grasp the basic concepts for the python, you will be playing with the loops and functions. The final project is simply amazing, quizzes are easy and the assignments will be slightly tough, but you can tackle it with your skills, you will learn a lot, discussion forum people and mentors will help you. Thanks, Coursera. Never stop learning because life never stops teaching.
Overall it was a great course. I would not say it's completely beginner friendly. Those who already have some knowledge or working experience with Python or any other programming language would easily get over this. But for the complete beginners even for the other they have to put their full effort to get something out of it. And try to learn more from official documentation or any other resource on your own.  Thanks
I was already familiar with ~85% of this material, so it was mostly just a review; however, I can honestly attest that this was the best teaching format that i have come across yet, and I have taken older Coursera Py courses that were not nearly to this level. Of course nothing beat the learning from real projects were you are stuck for hours into the night, but this instruction approach was very well orchestrated! :)
Google has done an amazing job. The course is well designed and executed. I am a student with a technical background and initially I found the pace to be slow and more focused on the course participants with less technical knowledge, but as the course progressed, some assignment questions became challenging and some concepts took time to understand. Overall, a must take course if you want to get started with Python.
Wow this is really an amazing course for all those who are interested in learning python as beginners and this course would also be helpful for anyone who need to review all the basic stuff in python . The contents of the course are really convincing and ofcourse the instructor was quite encouraging andfinally, I would like to thank the whole team for all their afforts in making up such an awesome course Thankyou.
Good start to explore all the packages that python offers... though I had the habit of referring to the documentation ..I never went beyond what I needed to solve a given problem statement...but in this course when they introduced Jupyter Notebook there were so many methods that were already coded of which I had no clue !! So I started reading more about them...Overall,It was good learning experience...
Informative, engaging, and just the "right" amount of information to get started with some really cool scripts! Instructor is fun and engaging, and there are a ton of hands-on opportunities to practice. Highly recommend taking advantage of these to get a great grasp on the concepts. Really looking forward to taking the rest of this specialization! Thank you for your thoughtful design of this course!
Very well structured course! I have been coding in Python for awhile but i have never had a structured course on how to efficiently code in the language before. This course was extremely helpful in understanding all of the fundamental tools in Python as well as providing excellent examples and guidance. Also, the instructor was pretty great too! Highly recommended for even experienced coders.
Truly best gem for Python crash course that you ever run across !!! The instructor very friendly and had clearly direction to motivative you to starting wrting python even you "never ever been writing program before" you still understand and grasp the concept profoundly to adapt for any new programming language I highly recommend this course Thank you very much I must really miss you 🥰🥰🥰
the course was excellent and the structure of the course was good too. thankyou Christine ma'am and the staff. the lecture vids were great. but I have one disappointment. what was taught in lectures was basic. and when in video questions were asked. there were sometimes too tricky or a little bouncer. so that area needs to be modified as per the difficulty level.overall I loved this course
It has been an amazing course. It's greatly organized and easy to follow. I have just one suggestion, Is it possible to add more examples to practice before quizzes? It makes it tough to attempt assignments(both practise and graded) with just video quizzes. Other than that, It is one of the best courses(if not, the best) that I have come across on Python. Christine Rafla has been AMAZING!
Lessons and exercises are well planned.    Quiz questions are fun to work on.   A cheat sheet is given after each lessons (thumb up).   Based on the input from the Discussion Forums, this course may not suitable for someone  who has absolutely no knowledge in programming.   Some of the detail and best practises are not mentioned.    Which is understood.  After all, this is a crash course.
I have taken couple of courses online but this is by far the best course I have ever taken. what I perticularly liked about this course is that there are many different practice quizzes to develop the skills I have learned before. The instructor is very straight forword and a bit sarcastic also. Now I finally learned basics of paython which will help me greatly in my career. Thank you.
Superb course! I recommend it for anyone is to just starting to learn to program. You can move from zero understanding of python to having a very solid foundation in 6 weeks. I personally enjoyed the instructor. She made the class fun to follow and made complex concepts much easier. The discussion forum was also super helpful in times of need. Hop in and learn to speak a new language!
It made me a lot more confident to seek out coding challenges on platforms like Codecademy. I dabbled in Python before, but this seemed to be the best pace for me! And it wasn't holding my hand too much, so I still was proud when I reached a sollution. 2 of the excercises in this course took me more than an hour, which makes the satisfaction even greater when perseverance is rewarded.
I accidentally deleted my previous review, but I strongly recommend picking up "drill" type of python textbook and self study until you reach FUNCTIONS before completing this course.OOP (optional) is actually there so if you struggle with other courses (Using Python to interact with OS), you can understand how it works.Btw the type() function is really helpful, it avoids type errors.
First ,thanks to google for this wonderful course.The topics in the course are easy to understand and we get concept as well as practice which made much ease to remember.The way of explaining is full of  clarity and attractive.I recommand everyone who wants to learn python from scratch to join this course.once again thank you ma'am,your efforts are great and thank you google.
Thank you for helping me kickstart my journey in Python/programming. Was a difficult but enjoyable journey when I get stuck at certain assignment for days and finally solved it on my own after awhile. Thank you Google for this wonderful course, it taught me a lot of concepts, build on my foundation and enjoyable (love the teacher in this course!). Definitely recommend this
It is really a great experience while creating a word cloud. This is really an interesting one. I really enjoyed it while writing the script. Special thanks to @Christine Rafla for explaining everything so smoothly and @Google for providing such a great course. The practice tests helped a lot. A big thanks to all who have designed this whole course. Thanks a lot, Coursera.
This course helped me to improve my confidence in Python programming using different techniques and approaches. I'm really appreciated to staff, especially, Christine Rafla, for encouragement and emphasizing tutoring to implement all tasks, module's assignments, and so on. Margarita's advice is very important for my future carrier as an IT programmer, developer, and so on.
All concepts were explained with good examples and data sets.
I was new to Python but knew other programming languages. Understood well and was able to relate the concepts with other languages.I would like to thank the instructor and all person involved in designing the course to help candidates, like me, to understand concepts in better and faster way. Many thanks again.
I am completely happy to have learned this course and I salute the instructor of the course. She was amazing and she knows how to teach. I encourage new students to watch the videos more than 3 three times, believe me, you will find this helpful. Thank you Coursera for helping people around the world to learn new things from the best instructors. May Allah bless you all.
Although I was already familiar with most of the concepts of this course , this course was truly amazing.Keeping in mind that course covered all the important aspects and I have been learning python for over a year now.If I could go back in time I would rather prefer to take this course instead of wasting ton of time gathering knowledge from hundreds of other platforms.
Christine Rafla is the instructor here and she really really helped me learning Python. I have few python courses with different instructors and I was trying to learn it from fast few months, but I would refer all to enroll this course as she is not only an amazing instructor but also she got "WORD PLAYS" like in loops or apple class. P.s She has a good sense of humor.
A good amount of stretching and smooth pace of progressing. I love how the instructor talks and how the course composer thinks in a non-CS background woman's shoes. The examples and practices given are a good combination of being intuitive and abstract. This course makes me feel motivated and confident to go on my coding journey. Best course ever for me on Coursera.
Fun stuff! Interesting yet familiar introduction, especially to those who have some coding experience in another language. The instructors were fun and i looked forward to logging in and learning more. Concepts were challenging at times but a relief in the end to see how I can use Python to do things that I have to make other languages jump hoops to do. Right on!
Thanks a lot google, coursera, L4G for giving me a wonderful opportunity to learn python in an exciting way. special thanks to the instructor of this course Christine Rafla for her cheerful way of explaining python in smooth way and carried all the way with beautiful smile. i can cherish this journey forever and looking forward to learn more courses from google.
The instructor is superb.She just explain every concept so easily and nicely because of her it becomes easy to understand and she also understand the condition of new learner and guide them throughout the course.The course is so amazing if you have doubt you can go to discuss forum all the doubts gets cleared there. Thankyou to the instructor she is just amazing
I just completed my first course out of six. well this course is Interesting I recommended to Everyone to join course and getting more knowledge, This course is quit tough but can do it.word cloud project are fantastic, if any problem to completed project Go to Forum Mentors are help you guide you what you are missing.Finally ,Thanks Mentors to instant help me.
MY GOD .......... OH MY GOD........I REALLY DID IT STEP BY STEP.........I CAN'T BELIEVE IN MY OWN WORDS.THIS IS THE SALUTE FROM MY END FOR GOOGLE#%%lis = (7,34,56,11,4,87,61,94,28,75)course = "Google"my_grade = max(lis)number = len(course)+my_gradeprint()print("Hello {}, thanks for giving me this opportunity.""You are {}% AUTHENTIC.".format(course, number))#%%
Definitely Go for this course if you have some basic knowledge about Programming languages and It would be very joyful if you know the concepts of Object-Oriented Programming.Projects and quizzes are very well designed for the course. The Instructor is also very good in making things clear. And of course, GOOGLE is organising this course so what else you need.
The course is very well curated. With in-video exercises, graded assessments, cheat sheets, and discussion forums, there is no change any concept is left unlearned to the core. I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn python in a short span of time and kick-start their Python Career. Kudos to Margarita Manterola for this amazing course!!!
The course is nicely designed for all type of learners (domain or non-domain). The best part of the course is asking questions in the middle of the video for learners to be more attentive. The assignments (graded and non-graded) are beautifully designed to improve and focus on smaller codes to think and analyze logically. Overall its a very great experience.
The most wonderful and the best project oriented course I have ever got to learn, had a great time. Even tough I knew concepts before getting to this course but the assignments will really teach to think you more and more about it and really great to invest your time into this course not just because it is offered by Google but it is really worth to watch it
I really enjoyed this course,  I guess these videos are perfect for some one who just stepped into this IT thing, host is interactive, assignments are good and projects are fun and challenging. I will recommend to every new comer to enrol and become part of this journey, but If you are someone who's not new to programming you may find this course bit easy.
This was a really good course for someone who's starting Python programming. I liked the topics which were cover, and the examples used to explain them. The quick questions in between the video are quite helpful in maintaining the focus. The coding questions were really good and enabled me to really manipulate nd use all the tools which I had learned.
I was hesitant at first because I thought I would just fall behind because it takes me time to write programs and remember all the stuff, but the videos and reading were helpful and the examples and projects were super fun. Learned a lot from the tests questions themselves. Though I am not in IT, I want it was a great crash course. Glad I finished it!
Excellent beginners course on Python! High quality content! Tutor is just amazing. I saw a lot of courses, but this one is the best so far. At first I though tasks are too easy, but gradually difficulty of the assignments rose up, so after few easy tasks I was happy to solve some real problems (but still it was not too difficult, just enough for me).
I've started some other python classes before and never seemed to ever finish them, this one was perfect. Great mix of videos and interactive questions to keep it not getting stale. It still takes some research on your part, as well as going back on previous videos. Definitely worth it. Now for the next course to interact with the operating system!
I loved the way how this course is organized and the instructor is just awesome. That smile while explaining to us all the stuff takes away all the stress and tension. She makes it all a piece of cake. I didn't face any kind of problem throughout the course. All thanks to the instructor. I wish to learn from you more in the future.  Thanks Again!!
It was a pretty good introduction to python. I suggest whoever wants to learn python don't skip Week 5.Some concepts might be hard for beginners (I am not a beginner myself) so I would recommend, either the creators of the course reconsider the concepts they teach (teach concepts more in-depth) or they reconsider the group target of this course.
It was genuinely a wonderful course for beginners. It covered all the basic concepts of Python along with various examples and quizzes, which helped a lot in understanding Python coding and automation. Also, the instructor was really good at teaching, she cleared up all the concepts undeniably well. Special thanks to Google and the instructor.
I learned a lot of things in very smooth journey. Never felt like that I'm doing something like a course. It became like daily story reading. Google gave a lot of trusted resources  for learning about a lot of libraries of python. And doing the final project was a real fun. Thank you Coursera and Google. I'm truly satisfied with this course.
This is a great course to start programming or to do a formal review of your skills. the courses are easy to understand, wonderful instructor, amazing community and the tests are comprehensive and not as stressful as college exams. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE don't hesitate to take this course :) it's such a good way to take a step into programming
It's a great course for anyone with no knowledge in Python and/or programming language. Christine had a great job keeping you focused in course content and motivating to keep learning. She also did a lot effort to keep attention to detail, she tries to be funny and clear in her explanation about Python topics. Really, a great course. Thanks.
The course is very nice, very well structured. I understand that is made for any kind of public, so people that have experience with another programming languages it feels a bit easy. But well, there's always different concepts, syntax, possibilities,....between different programming languages that worth your time to learn from the scratch.
This is an Amazing Course. I loved how the concepts are explained in detail but not too much detail so that you can pry by yourself a bit as well. When a concept is being explained,everything is covered and in perfect order with exercises at the end to help re-evaluate concepts in a practical form.The Final project was cool and i loved it.
I was impressed by how the course was actually somewhat harder than I expected it to be. :) If anything, the course felt a bit _short_, like it could've used at least two more weeks or something like that. The Jupyter notebooks and the interactive quizzes were a really nice feature for someone like me who craves interactive environments.
Excellent course. I have been in the field a while and found the course started a bit slow and got surprisingly complex by the end. Very well done. The only thing I would probably change would be to go through some of the answers AFTER the pop-up problems. I really enjoyed this course and found it surprisingly helpful. Very-well planned.
It was amazing experience learning this course, I loved every bit of it. For me, composition of classes was a bit challenging.All the assignments and project were fun to do . I expected the final project to be more challenging. I would look forward to put this learning to use in real life. Overall, it was good learning experience.
This course is awesome. In this course i learned a lot of new stuff. The good thing about this course is its difficult quizes. They are really good in improving your programming and thinking skills. I personally love this course. I watch both Udemy and coursera courses. So i would recommend this course because you will learn alot
The course is an easy introduction to programming and Python. It takes a couple of hours - but the trainer is fun to watch and follow, the examples are practical and can be easily repeated. A good mix of theory and practise. I also liked a lot the jupyter integration. Go for it - to refresh your Python or get started with it.
Not exactly a beginner course, I would say in between beginner and intermediate. However, it's a fantastic course that gives you all the confidence in the world(and several foundational skills) to feel as though you can begin to be able to make solutions to real-world problems with codeP.S. You need a high tolerance for puns
A fantastic course, even for someone who was well versed in programming in other languages, this was a challenging course. I was able to brush through the first three weeks in a day, but then the next three weeks took a whole load of time for me to understand. That capstone project was such a cool project. This was awesome
It was indeed the best interactive course I came across. The teacher taught all the concepts keeping the neophyte coders in mind. There was never a dull moment. I am fully satisfied with the concepts and ways to create program taught in this course. This course created a new sense of motivation to practise coding in Python
Amazing Course for the beginners and the person to revise the concepts of python and programming. This course not only focuses on a surface level but deep dive into the application and use of the different syntax and many more things. I would recommend this course for everyone who wants to start python and get certified.
Thank you so much, Christine! You're a wonderful instructor. You've made studying a very complex subject (programming) much fun and easier because of your clear explanations and fun(pun) jokes haha. I truly hope there's more programming courses I can take where you're the instructor. I will surely learn a lot from you!
I've always had an issue with online courses - they've mainly been reading on your own and answering questions.This course is exactly what an online course should be - engaged and excited instructor, interactive material (from video question prompts to executing code in the quizes).Kudos to google for setting the bar.
It gave me a simplified and unique introduction to python and the cool stuff that can be done through coding. The quiz and assignments were also very interesting But what i liked most about the course is that coding prompt that pops up in between the lecture that caters to my curiosity for trying what i just absorbed
Great information I get in less amount of time. I had completed this whole course within 3 or less days during this COVID 19 pandemic. I used my time to learn new thing. Great experience from tutor from Google itself. I now know how to get started for any project and  how should I think before working on a project.
Even though I have attended a few other online courses on Python, this course stood up from all of them. The learning from the videos is reinforced using practice tests, assignments and final project. The presenter of the course is energetic and we feel the same energy when attending her classes.Well done Google !
This is a bit difficult once you enter the 5th week, but it is a rewarding experience nonetheless. this is perhaps the ideal course to get used with the ins and outs of Python 3 Programming with more than enough practice. This will give you enough of a jump start in Python to pursue more complicated objectives.
The course is really thorough in all the basic concepts and syntax of Python. It is indeed a crash course and is really helpful in building a basic strong foundation for programming journey in the future. I would really like to thank Christine, the instructor of this course for explaining everything so nicely.
Very informative and easy to follow with clear, concise examples.  Interested to find that although this is an entry-level course it steps you through quite quickly.  I have a lot of years behind me programming in several different languages and found the pace of this course fast enough to keep me interested.
The course teaches the very basics of Python which are necessary to learn. The way it is taught, and the content that slowly evolves and becomes more challenging step by step makes it less intimidating and more of a fun learning experience.  Overall it was a good experience and a lot learned by the end of it.
Honestly, I love this course ❤. The way mentor guide us is totally amazing. But I need a help. How do I do my practice regularly?  I think it's not easy to find problems by own to solve it. So, if there is any site or link that you can provide us to track our practice everyday. thank you so much, Christine.
The course was really amazing. It helped to easily grasp the concepts of python. There were a ton of examples to practice from, which was the best part of this course. The examples really helped to relate the course with IT works. Thank you, Google and Coursera for building up my concepts and confidence.
It was a great course. I would like to thank my instructor and the whole Google team for developing such a wonderful course. I loved the real life coding section because it showed us where exactly the code can be implemented. Instructor was super cool and kept us lively through out the course. Thank You!
Even though I had previous experience with Python, this course really provided valuable information which I seemed to have missed so far. It enlightened me with the importance of professional approach that is required when you are trying to learn something new even when it is something as easy as Python.
I can recommend this course. It explains the basics in the lectures, but the assignments are really hard and it forces you to research alone on google or programming forums, which i really liked. It keeps you learning by doing, making mistakes and finding out the solutions by yourself. Very interesting!
Crash Course on Python is a great course for begginers and for those wishing to strenghten their python skills. I can say that this course has helped me to grasp concepts that i previously had a challenge with. The videos are fun, concise and easy to understand. I would recommend this course to anyone.
The course content was so nice that it was started from a very basic things of coding and the  level increased in every week was quite difficult at  the beginning but the type of questions asked in videos and in  assignment was built my ability to code in automation, my patience, interest & confidence.
I usually code in java and i was willing to learn python from few months i have watched videos youtube but i was not consistent enough. But this course is just amazing i don't feel boring anyday learning python from this course. Thanks to corsera and instructor. Now i can program whatever i want. :-)
Fantastic course. The videos were very easy to understand. But i found difficulty with the note books. I have used python notebooks in other courses in coursera. But this was the first time i faced problem. But i just love the teaching style, course structure etc. Looking forward to do more courses.
Great course! I personally prefer to use Visual Studio Code instead of Jupyter, but those notebooks are really useful to provide instructions step by step. The video production is also excellent and the contents are very well done. I am happy that I chose this course to learn Python.Thank you, guys!
The course provides practical examples and practices to implement the theory taught within each module. It gives a succinct and broader view of how programing fit into the IT role and how to leverage it to automate common IT tasks and beyond. I learned a lot. Thanks to the instructors, and coursera.
though python is already an easy coding language to study, we need proper teaching and guidance to place a firm foot at the beginning..And that is what this course is mainly focused on..and they did a pretty good job in it..though the final project was a pain in my as..everything else went smoothly
it was a good experience for me. i had learned python basics before but i wanted to know more. this course help me to develop much better knowledge about python.  OOP concept in python was quite challenging, need to practice more on it. the only drawback was you must include the file concept in it
I have taken several different paths and courses to learn python, but none of them were as interacting and easy to grasp as this one. I am really glad I joined this course and am looking forward to completing the entire 6 course series of IT Automation with Python.Thanks, Coursera.Thanks, Google.
I'm really new to Python Programming and the course really introduced me with the basics and makes my intrigue running high in every code. The course challenges the basic concepts with lots of IT-oriented practice problems. And the instructor adds more excitement to the course with humor. Thanks.
This was a very nice course. The concepts are explained in a very clear way so there are just few doubts that I got throughout the lessons. The quizzes and assessments evaluate precisely the topics seen and have the correct difficulty for new programming learners. I totally recommend this course!
The overall experience with this course was very awesome and interactive.  The instructor was herself a Googler, that made it even more motivating and richly interactive. I thank Coursera and Google for providing me with this opportunity so that I could be able to learn some new valuable skills.
I had taken multiple Python Courses with Michigan University but among those courses this was exceptional. I would highly recommend this course to everyone. It will definitely gonna improve your problem-solving skills and best of luck for those who have already taken this course. Happy Learning!
This course is definitely the most fun and challenging Beginner Python course i have done and before this I have taken 2 or 3 more Beginner Python Courses but i was not able to clear my concepts in those courses due to lack of challenging and at the same time enjoyable exercises and quizzes.
Those who are interested in learning new language or who are interested in python can do this course and the instructor is so enthusiastic that it feels like she is with us nearby.Thank you Marga for your inspiring words and i look forward to complete all the courses in this specialization
Great course for the VERY basics of programming and to start it off with Python was an added advantage. The concepts were explained so clearly as explaining it to a layman. The level of the course and the pace maybe slow for people already with basic knowledge of programming and of Python.
The last problem really made me think out of the box, cus this was something which I was not familiar with, writing a function which makes an image, I did not had any idea but after accomplishing it, I really feel amazed! Thankyou for such a wonderful course Google!I feel Amazingly NUMB!
This course was very help. It covered almost all the basic and very important concepts of python programming including the list comprehension, modules in python and OOP in Python. Exercises very moderate with varying levels of questions in quiz and assignments. Instructor was great too!!
To be honest, i'm having tears of joy right now. Its the middle of the night and i just completed the course. It has been an incredible journey. The instructions well put and the examples were so relevant. That is what got me going. Ill be forever grateful for helping my learn to code.
feeling good after completing the course and it is very amazing course. i felt like completing the assignments as quickly as possible and moreover the complexity of the project is not that as well as not that low. we have to use our knowledge gained in our course and solve the problem.
i am a student and new to programming just started learning Python in beginning of 2020 then found this google .This is like blessing in disguise to me. Helped alot in clearing my programming concept and direction towards future.Again thanks google and the great team thank all of you.
Very good explanations and examples of the Python language. It is mostly based on hands-on approach, rather than theory and abstract concepts.Loved the Object-Oriented Programming part (MUST take it, even it is optional), as it opened my mind and made me understand the basics of OOP.
Very well designed course.  I haven't seen anything better than that - books, videos... or whatever.  Full disclosure, I had some experience with Python before starting but not that much. If you're not sure if programming / IT is for you, you'll have a better idea after this course.
It was such a nice journey. Very informative and thorough. You got to give it time and take baby steps . Programming is not monstrous, its FUN. Just know your pace and capacity to absorb things. It will definitely help you out in future because a skill learned, never goes waste.  :)
This course was very clearly explained. A couple of the final examples could have been better explained.  Didn't fully understand some of the IT admin concepts (not my background) so had to take some time working out what the examples were trying to do, especially in the OOP module.
If you ask me a word for this course, I will tell "EXCEPTIONAL. Never in my life I enjoyed learning a programming language as much as I did with this one. At start I was bit nervous but the way the instructor unfolded the vast amount of knowledge in fun way was not at all expected.
In my point of view during this Covid-19 situation coursera is providing benefited to many of the students to learn new courses.i am very lucky to get enrolled to  this course and learnt the python programming language.thanks to coursera for providing such a wonderful opportunity.
Very solid course for building the foundations of using Python. I have two small complaints. Sometimes it felt like the videos were moving a bit fast for someone like myself who is very new to coding. The second is I wish there were more practice exercises to create your own code.
This was a very tough, and very informative course. The final project was fairly straight forward and easy to complete and the module tests within the course were tough and required some skill to complete. I feel this course has helped to lay an excellent foundational skill set.
Either you are a beginner or an intermediate programmer this course quickly teaches from basics to advanced levels of programming with Python. This course has given me more insights of what kinds of problems I might encounter in real world that can be solved using programming.
Amazingly cool journey, this course really gave me some deep understanding about object-oriented programming that i misunderstood in the past although i have a strong background in coding in python and other languages like c, c#, java, php, javascript, bash, feel  so excited!
The course has been designed very well. The in-video exercises help reinforce conceptual understanding and at the same time, the quizzes are well prepared. One thing I would like to suggest is to include input functions into the course so that the learning is more complete.
I like it too much. Everything is fine for my understanding . and easy to capture all of. But I have one problem with this girl. Because he is too much advertise her breast null line. I can't like hotness. Dump. But Everything is ok. thanks for this special. Thanks, Google.
The instructor is really Awesome. She knows what to teach, where to emphasis on a deeper notch, where to go easy, where to pick up pace, she also knows which part might trick the student and which might be obvious and stuff. A great course and should be done is what I say.
It is a course designed for one who doesn't know about programming at all and can learn it through this course, as this course provides learning programming in such a simple way through the videos provided and the assignments are really fun to solve.Overall a great course.
This 'Python Crash Course' is awesome & what is more awesome is the instructor 'Christine'.Kudos to her for helping me out on the course & thanks for it. Definitely a 100% for the instructor as you'll love her style of teaching & the way she makes it fun.I just love her!!
It was an amazing journey with one of the most energetic instructor I ever saw.  i love the way she teach and the way of explaining things.  it was a tough journey for me as I do not form the computer science background but I finally completed and I can't  be happy more.
The pace of the course and the relevancy of what we learned was prefect for this level.This experience has made me want to learn so much more about Python, having the structure of small assignments, learning, testing, and relation to real-world examples was very helpful.
Super Awesome Teacher. Even though some parts were not explained fully but gave us hints. And problems were very challenging. So we had to do a lot of self learning which was an awesome part.They made us to self learn and research a lot. Thanks a lot Christine and Team!
this course was really awesome bcz it made me completely dive into the python. This course videos were well arranged as well as assignments were helpful that made me proper understanding abt python so i genuinely appreciate the coursera  courses. Thank you coursera :)..
Definitely a good crash course. Although it is better to have a little hands-on experience as a pre-requisite. Amazing assignments and worth pondering over the questions. Questions are almost close to real-life scenarios and that's what makes this crash course so good!!
In this  course i learn python from basic to little  bit advance. this i well design and i enjoyed  in the whole course the Instructor She is very energetic  and keep us motivate. This whole course i very important and i learn a lot of new things in batter and easy way.
Great Instructor,Got through all the complex functions and codes with a cake walk. Now,I am quite confident over my skills in python and can work with more enthusiasm on this path.Final Project was amazing to do and it worked quite well was though  but got through well
The instructor was pretty amazing, she really knew how to teach.The practical exercises and tests were pretty good too, quite good for someone who is trying to learn.The only problem was the final project, it provides minimum feedback on whether you are right or wrong.
For me, It became somewhat hard when I intially given a final project in wordcloud, I researched a lot in search engine , but got nothing much, i just felt bad and rewatched some videos and started my own approach and solved it.I'm very proud of it! Thank you Coursera
GREAT COURSE!!!!If I ending building an IT department for any company, this will be required study for all team members.  It is incredibly useful and helps people to start thinking in logical steps.  Python is ubiquitous and a useful skill to have in all levels of IT.
For beginners who want to dive into coding to even those who are already programmers and want to add more knowledge, this course is great for everyone.The teaching is good and very understandable with lots of examples and practices, its a great course by a great team
As someone that has previous knowledge of programming, I find this course very exciting since I lear a lot of stuff that I struggle to deal with on other programming language and help me out having a new perspective in which I can work and apply for all areas on IT.
They will go super fast because its a crash course so you need at least basic knowledge of Python. if you really don't get whats going on I advise you to go back & watch the videos again because that's what i have done for so many times but all worth it in the end.
The course entitled "Crash Course on Python" is so helpful to begin with python. The videos and cheat sheets are so elaborate and easy to understand. The quizzes are also bit fun solving thing. Enjoyed it,didn't feel like going through boring lectures for a moment.
I loved learning python very much.Eventhough i am Civil Engineer and had done master in geo-technical Engineering,i am damn sure thatnI will apply this skills which i have learned through coursera  in my own field in the coming future.Thank you so much Coursera.
This is one of the best courses I have ever attended in my life. This course is designed wonderfully by Marga. And Christine Rafla ma'am is the best instructor. She's too cute, and she made this course as beautiful she's. Thank you, Christine, Thank you Google.
This course will help you build and strengthen Python and Computer Science fundamentals. I highly recommend this class to anyone in their career, whether you're curious about the subject or are a seasoned veteran, everyone will learn something from this course!
Thanks Google and Coursera for this amazing course. What I personally did not like is that some of the course lectures (particularly endings) were repetitive like broken cassette as instructor said :D. But overall, everything was great to start Python journey.
As a beginner in Python, I thought it would be a great idea to learn this programming language since I am going to major in IT Management.  After taking this course, I feel as if I have more knowledge.  This course is great if you want to expand your learning.
I really liked the course! Of course it is from Google! However, if you don`t have some prior experience coding it can become extremely hard! I do recommend take an easier course before diving into this course.  It will be extremely hard if you don`t do it.
This is a wonderful course to start with Python. The instructor of the course is amazing and expressive. The concepts taught by the instructor throughout the course were very easily understandable. The instructor also motivates a lot to complete the course.
For who know other programming languages, this subject is still a best choice as a first step on python! Video is not required but reading materials including cheat sheets and Jupyter do help a lot. The final project worth a try and it's pretty satisfying.
Great course! The pace of the matter in the modules is just perfect and you can follow along with the coding. The optional OOP and final project where interesting!! I've learned a lot! Many thanks to the Google and Coursera Team - Keep up the good work ;-)
My experience with this course has been extremely positive. This course was a large catalyst in a new perspective and outlook that I have developed this semester. I was surprised at how much of the class was relevant to current events and…race relations  .
Love the assignments in this one. I was also a beta tester of this course. I always like the assignments in this one. Usually beginner Python courses tend to give very easy assignments that do not challenge the student enough. This one is a goodie though.
This is a great course, which builds your knowledge from scratch.Very nicely designed, slowly building up with lots of hand on practice.This course has removed my fear of coding. Planning to complete remaining courses as well.Thanks Google and Coursera!!!
Awesome Course, I fell in love with the mentor's expressions already. The excitement on my mentor's face is clearly visible while she's teaching me. :P xoxo Looking forward for taking more such courses :) Thank you for making me a good python programmer.
This course is very interesting. A one who want to learn python can enroll in this course. It's best for the beginners. I learn many new and interesting things from this course and i enjoyed this course very much. And lastly the instructor in very good.
This is a great crash course on Python, even though you are new to Python or intermediate, the contents are refreshing and also challenging. Some of the contents focus on IT Specialist that's different from general python courses out there. so much fun!
It was great course, the content of the course was very well set. Its was really a great experience learning python from basics all the way to the advance level. Its was truly great. I highly recommend this course for beginners, they are gonna love it.
The course is genuinely superb. Instructor is good teaching concepts easily. I have been trying to learn Python programming for a long time, but i have started it now; because of this course and instructor's encouraging approach to teach. Thank you. :)
Simply amazing! Seriously, the best mooc I've ever taken. All activities are smoothly integrated with one another, from lectures to assignments. The quizzes and notebooks are very well designed. And the on-screen coding labs made me learn much easier.
its great to learn with you Christine Rafla, will look forward to learn more from you.those who think coding is difficult and they can't make their way in IT sector, I can say that if you work hard and do practice you will find coding a piece of cake.
Wow finally!! First of all thank the course to Margarita, Christine and Google team. I have learned a lot in a short time, very interesting and useful. I will continue learning a lot more with Python, I really like it and I hope to find a related job.
If you have a little bit of knowledge about any language then this course will be a refresher for you. Does not matter how much you have a grip on any language taking this course is a must because it teaches you about the perspective  IT with Python.
The course is great for someone to introduce themselves to python. You get to learn 'to the point' things required. I very much recommend this course. Tip- Please do give a look to Week 5 also, the optional part. Thankyou for such a complete course.
The best instructor and the best course out there to learn Python.Amazing course.Starts with basics and takes you too higher levels like OOP in now time...amazing course. Many thanks to the instructor.Wish I can find more courses from our instructor
Hey there I am Dileep Meghwal and I am so greatful to this Course for python basics learn from here. Now I can solve the python problems and write the code in python.it's very helpfull for my next level skills in python programming.ThankYou!COURSERA
The course content is extremely beginner friendly. I mean if you have some or no knowledge in python or even in programming don't worry this course covers all. I have learned not only python but methods and techniques to solve IT problems and tasks.
This course is indeed worth every minute and much more than a 5 star. deep research was doubtlessly carried out to ascertain and apply best online instruction methods. i have taken a few online courses but i must say this one is indeed exceptional.
WOW! What an awesome course for all levels of learners. This course cover all of the basics in addition to some advanced concepts such as OOP, classes, inheritance, composition and more. Definitely recommended for everyone looking to learn Python!
Very good course on the basics of python and programming. I enjoyed the instructor, the structure, and the balance of videos and reading. In my opinion, there should also be some optional practice assignments to help solidify the concepts taught.
Outstanding course work. The combination of video, in-video topic challenges, and chapter reviews with mutable programming challenges is truly an effective method of teaching the topic, and the best I have come across to date. Two thumbs way up!
I loved the course very much. I would recommend anyone who is interested to start working in Python to go through this course. One tip for everyone, please be persistent. Try to code every day, otherwise, you will forget. Good luck everyone! :)
No doubt Google is always the best. From teaching to Business everything is perfect in Google. I am praying that I should get a job in Google as it is the best way for a startup as an intern. People are so friendly and make you feel familiar.
this is really a cool course for any beginner or even those who scratched the surface before with python, for me, I've refreshed some old concept and learned something that was confusing me like creating a function and a little bit about OOP.
The course is awesome and I really got very useful information. The course instructor is awesome. Ma'am I really loved the way you taught the whole concepts by creating a friendly environment with the learners and giving real life examples.
This course was very challenging and often required me to reference external resources.  That said, if you have the patience (required of any software developer), this course gives you the core basic fundamentals for programming in Python.
This was an excellent course. Even though I knew my way around python... I still got to learn a lot of new stuff from this course. The programming assignments were amazing and really made me think about how to do stuff in the real world.
Great course for a beginner. I have started learning Python multiple times and stopped immediately. This is the first time I came across such a thoughtfully developed curriculum to teach the programming basics and completed successfully.
The course builds confidence to learners by giving access to more hands-on examples. The graded assignments at the end of each topic boots the morale. You can learn at your own pace and re-visit the training videos if we have any doubts.
It's very very good, but... some instructions and things should be improved, like some explanations of Jupyter or some more and better-explained tasks in the quizzes, you'll find my comments where I struggled, right now I can't remember
This was one of my path turning course and I am really happy and excited to have learnt from the experts. This course has helped me write my own automation code and it is making my automation requirements quite easy. Thanks a lot team!
Excellent and intensive introduction in loops, strings, lists and dictionaries. Object Orientation was also touched a little bit, at least basic concepts.The trainer is excellent and the course material is prepared in a excellent way.
Highly Recommended course to all those who want to start off their coding journey with Python......videos and assignments are super helpful and effective.....and the instructor is really good. Thank you GOOGLE for sharing this course!
Clear and engaging video tutorials. These tutorials even had little practice questions embedded for greater engagement and assessing of knowledge. Accompanying practice questions had a variety of difficulty levels to assess concepts.
Always positive and smiling Instructor, Powerful Python and the challenging assessments with increasing difficulty level. These made this course a best online course ever attended. Thanks Coursera and Google for making this possible.
One of the best courses on Python over here on Coursera. Really straightforward without miss any detail, the Christine was a very nice instructor, I love her jokes and her personality. Very recommended, and friendly towards novices.
This course is really great! I learned Python before but not good at "Function" and "OOP". In this course, I could easily understand what I did not understand before. Also, the examples and quiz are align with real world's problem.
A great course overall. Christine is an eloquent speaker. Everything was properly presented. Assessments were of just the right strength which neither let me stray nor overwhelmed me in difficulty. Thank you google for the course!!
The course is really helpful for those who just started with programming. I had an amazing experience and the discussion forums are really worth asking for doubts. If you're just a beginner I would really recommend you this course.
Great teacher and the assignment were hard but note extremely hard so that students can master the field. really an awesome course with amazing content. Also, the readings provided made it easier to revisit any stuff quickly. 😊👍
Very thorough and challenging even if you are an experienced programmer. I do recommend having an ide on the side, I found it easier to copy and paste some quizzes and exams to the ide and then copy them back when I finished them.
I'm glad I have taken this course and finished it. The course is very useful and the instructor Christine is really cool and helpful,  she makes the course easy to understand and fun to learn. Many thanks to Christine and Google.
AWESOME course to learn Python. A step by step, clear cut approach towards each concept combined with challenging tests and excellent explanation by the instructor make it the best deal out there.Great learning experience indeed!
Really liked the course, although I think they should add a homework section where they give you some problems you try to solve by yourself and give you the answer so you could practice a little bit more before the final project
This is a amazing course for beginners. A lot of interesting and important concepts are discussed with great details and with easy explanation. The assignments helps to get a hold on my knowledge and apply it to solve a problem
The course helped me cover all the basics of Python-like syntax building and planning for any problem-solving. Also, the instructor was very motivational which is always a good thing while studying something new. Thanks a lot!
I love the way the material was presented.  There is a good balance between instruction and hands-on practice to ensure the concepts are comprehended and to ensure they may be applied and useful in solving real life problems.
Wish I found this course back when I was first learning on CodeAcademy. Despite professionally coding in Python for several years now, I still got a lot out of this course. Good balance of instruction and practical exercises.
Having an experienced programmer teach me the basics of python programming opened my eyes to a lot of concepts I didn't seem to notice while just learning on my own. Thanks to Coursera and Google for this awesome opportunity.
The course was interesting, challenging, and 
surprising.  I am glad I have spent  time with studying this course. I am glad i spent my time on lock down wisely. Acquired some good skills. Many thanks to coursera and google.
This course is excelent. The instructor is very dinamic and the teaching technics are very modern and funny.

Este curso es excelente. El instructor es muy dinámico y las técnicas de enseñanza son muy modernas y divertidas.
Good Course to clear your basic concepts. It was good for me because I had prior knowledge about python and OOPs concepts. It was just like a revision for me. You can take this course and refresh your Python coding skills.
The course is super easy to understand. Coursera has provided good platform to perform the coding and discuss the problems. There should be more courses by Google on Coursera covering different aspects of Computer Science.
I loved learning this course.You were the best instructor one could ever wonder.learning with you felt like watching series, that's the reason  i have completed this course before time.THANK YOU COURSE ERA AND GOOGLE TEAM.
Already recommended this course in multiple Data Science groups for any one who aspires to do it in Python. The instructor and the curated content is super awesome. Hope same instructor offers more complex courses as well!
This is a really informative course and good for those learners who wants to learn python from scratch. The way of teaching is good by instructor Christine Rafla. Thank you Google and coursera for this informative course.
Really great course. It starts off easy in Week 1 but the difficultly for a fresh coder ramps up steeply, but I found that good. You really felt you were getting to know Python, especially by having to work on a project.
The course is great! It exceeded my expectations, they explain very well the concepts used in Python. Besides that, it has lots of exercises, based on real problems, that help put in practice what we've learned in class.
This is the best course I've ever taken. The quality is uncompromised, the lectures are well prepared and the questions are tough enough which make sure you understand the things. Even the assignment in the end was good.
Thank you so much Google Team for this amazing course. This really helped me strengthen my programming skills. I am hoping to grow my skill as much that one day I work with your amazing team as a Developer. Stay blessed.
I had gone through some Python courses in the past but did not use it that much in my day-to-day activities. I used this course as a refresher and it was great. Quick, on-point and covering lots of useful info and tips.
The course will teach you all the basics of python including lists, tuples, dictionary, object oriented concepts and much more. I would recommend to go with this crash course on Python if you love to coding with python.
It's one of the best and cool crash courses that's available for python, it was fun, the topics were helpful, and most of it was covered, could use some more help in the optional topics like Object Oriented Programming.
The instructor is amazing and she explained everything in an easy to understand fashion. The speaking pace was a bit slow but then there are others for whom it would be the correct pace to understand. Loved this course.
I enjoyed covering all the course, it was fun and the most interesting part was WordCloud Project, Literally I almost gave up on that assignment but after lots of research and help from others members I finally succeed.
It was a big step into Python. I wanna say it's just awesome. Of course, this course is not easy for me but I believe obviously I've improved my skills at Python. I could make another step on Python. Thank you, Google.
It was Amazing Experience diving into the Python World and the immense possibilities out there waiting to be created through this amazing platform. Also wanna thank the Instructor for her amazing teaching methodology.
I've been working on Python for a little while now. But the crash course was definitely an eye-opener about the "why" and "how" behind the Python programming. Lastly, this course also helped me to "keeping it simple".
A really interesting and beginner-friendly course, allowed me to learn lots of topics with appropriate quizzes and challenges to make the concepts clear, and a special mention to the instructor Christine and her puns!
The lectures were easy to understand, the course was very well prepared. You did an amazing job it was a wonderful experience and I have to say a very BIG THANK YOU to Coursera and google for this amazing opportunity.
Christine (the instructor) was very clear, concise and interactive. Content of the course was very accurate and covered all relevant basic needed to tackle challenges.Helpful resources and summaries were always added.
This course gave me a clear reminder on fundamental Python scripts, excluding items that are not used in the IT industry much! I especially liked the pace; it wasn't too hard to follow, but also challenging at times.
This may be a bit hard for absolute beginners. But if you have even the slightest knowledge of any other language. This course is the best to move forward with. P.S. The best after Paul resnick's Python specialation
The Course Was Organized Very Well - Kudos To The Team For Well Crafted Course On Python Programming - The Narration of the Instructor and Short Duration of The Classes Mixed With Practice Session Are Well Designed.
The instructor is not just beautiful she is also very smart and will guide you trough all the course pushing you to be better. She explain very topic in a funny way and gives you time to understand all the content.
This course was marvelously designed and simplified for the beginners. I loved the course content as much as I gained knowledge about basic programming in python.  In short, it is a course which worths every penny.
One of the best course of python for beginners and the instructions are super clear and also very easy to understand and also they provide plenty of exercises which really helped me to boost my knowledge on python.
The best part of this course that i got nice instructor that always tuned me with her and obviously with the course. so thank you so much to having such a great and friendly instructor.oh i am just not crying...`_`
I loved this course. It is basic but at the same thorough. All the basic concepts are perfectly explained. The instructor is engaging and knowledgeable. Her voice was entertaining so the course didn't seem so long.
it was really fun learning this course..you made understand every single thing so properly i just want to say that please show us what if we do things which is not ideal so that we can understand things more better
The course is very effectively organized and the flow of the course is soo good , it touched all the concepts discussed and the practice quizes brush those skill again. Thank you for making such a wonderful course
I found this course very helpful for me to start to learn Python. The instructor was very friendly and the topics covered were very firm and deep enough to understand the concepts. Assignments were very firm also.
Great Course !! while it may be just a fresher course for beginners, I strongly believe getting fundamental concepts right is the most important for every learning process. And this course topped my expectations.
The course has been designed wonderfully. I am completely new to python and was able to understand all that was covered. The assignments were bit difficult but it add to my knowledge. Overall a very good course.
Amazing course, keep you curious till the end, provoke one to dig more, learn more. I really enjoyed learning this course and the best quality of this course is that the delivery of the concepts is so logical.
This was a great course, and I am happy to have completed. Just some more live assistance with the assessments would be great. Some instructions are not very clear, and please consider that we are new to this.
The course layout and material are matched with the course description.  I really enjoy the exercise and final project but will wish there will be more time in explaining the object-oriented programming part.
While I've done some Python programming before and this was more review for me.  It would've been a good course when I first started learning Python so I definitely recommend it for an introduction to Python.
This is a great course for learning python. I like how the content is distributed and the assignments really helped to implement the concepts. Also, I found the discussion forum super helpful when I got stuck
Great introduction to a very interesting coding language, well presented material and very useful summaries. Cheers for the teacher who has done an awesome work throughout all the videos and practice examples
An Excellent course building foundational concepts of python from scratch. I tried studying python from many sources before but was not confident in my skills. This course definitively helped in that aspect.
It was a great course, this course can especially be helpful for the beginners. The basics of programming have been explained in a very easy and interactive way. Thanks to the instructors for their hardwork.
One of the best courses I've done till now. It was possible to do it in 1week with previous knowledge and the argouments were going in the right amount of details. Always interactive with quiz and exercises.
Very good course, introduces you to very new concepts and teaches you very dynamically and doesnt just shows you, its very interactive and simple the best first step you can take on your programming carreer.
Done most material before, but can tell this is a good course and deserves 5*. The word cloud is an interesting one for people new to python. Causes you to google, which is probably the most important skill!
Course is very good, i was searching for such courses where a person can learns as well as practice, and this has both. But , this course is not recommended for a beginner, since quiz levels are a bit high.
Best teacher andexpressive teaching method , very helpful assignments and a perfect crash course that gives the knowledge about this language !! very very thanks to coursera !! and as well as the teacher !!
The course was a little bit deeper to start with. But the best thing is, it has lots of problems to practice, even in the middle of each tutorial. This is a really good course to learn python by practicing.
I enjoyed the course.  Many of the quizzes were very challenging which I loved.  What I do not like is not being able to see the correct answer to a code if you are not able to figure out a quiz correctly.
The explanation of each and every topic  was just awesome  and the instructor was very clear about the topics and concepts. I have learnt how to write scripts in python to make our task automatic and easy.
The instructor was so nice because She taught in a very good way and clear all my concepts. I love to do this course as i polish up my skills and concepts in python alongwith doing great tasks and project.
I think you did a great job on this course.I had a bit hard time trying to understand the math examples, maybe because I'm not good on it and also because English is not my mother language.Great job guys!
Though I am not a beginner this was a good refresher. The material covers quite some basics of Python and I definitely recommend it. I also think the coursera environment for exercises worked really well.
the course was very good.it gives me a good understanding of python language and how it can be used to solve problems.The instructor was super cool and i like her thanks to her and google for this course
The videos are a little slow but I think that allows novices to follow properly and those who understand easily can make use of 1.5x speed. The content is great and balanced with good practice exercises
The structure of this course is amazing and the lecturer is really entertaining and is really good at what she does. I'm impressed as this is my first time taking a chance at online learning. Great job
Great Course! The instructor was amazing you cant help but listen to her. The quizzes and tests were also quite challenging - they took quite a while to complete but it was a great learning experience.
It was a great learning experience. Though I had some prior knowledge of Python programming, topics like lists and dictionaries got a great boost from this course. Now, I'm better at Python Programming
Course is nicely designed in more interactive way. The in-video assignments makes user to pay attention on every single second of video. It helped me to get familiar with new scripting language python.
An excellent course for those who want to boost their programming abilities on Python. It tackles diverse and challenging problems, for you to practice and round out every concept. Highly recommended!
It was actually a great course to start up on Python, if you want to either start on programming or learn a new language.It was great for me, looking forward to some new challenges at my current job!
There are a number of online courses on python available , but I found this to be one of the best.Exercises were based on real life problems. Course content delivery by the Instructor was very good.
It was an excellent introductory course. The instructor is very motivating. I consider that it is an advantage to have some previous experience in general programming algorithms to take this course.
This course offered by Google was great. I had no previous coding knowledge when I enter to this program. I'm so grateful to the instructor. She got the best teaching skills. Highly recommended.
very nice course.I could not think that an internet lecture be able to provide many practices.I like to take more courses and I recommend this course to anyone who are interested in programming.
the course was really put together well. and it was a fun-filled project with days of debugging errors and writing codes which i thought was an impossible task for me at the start of the course
This course is very interesting and pretty awesome the OOP concepts are optional but they are explained very nicely . The final project was pretty awesome and I learned many things on the way.
learning python through this course was very interactive and i felt awsome that now i can code all the programs in python which i feared at first ,but now i can code in [ython fully yayyyyy!!!
This is a good starter course, but will not teach you everything you need to know. You will need to continue learning and practicing in order to really use Python, but this was a great intro.
Everything was Awesome. Only thing which I don't like, a bit, was practice exercises as some them has very confusing question statements. Except that everything was straightforward and simple
The course was presented in a very easy to understand and step-by-step. A lot of examples were given too. Does not mean this course is easy. It will be challenging while fun at the same time.
The course is really "Google" standard. Although the Contents vary from easy to tough the instructor was very good ,energetic and exciting. She didn't let me feel bored and was very thorough.
Amazing and Engaging Journey! It was a well-designed course: short videos covering a lot of stuff, quizzes and graded assignments and a beautiful overview of Python's structure and usability.
Perfect for beginners and professionals looking out for learning something new out there other than their daily drivers! Instructions are super clear and crystal to people of all age groups!
Explained the basic of a scripting language and oops fundamental with simple and realistic examples. Liked the quiz and Graded problems. The vocabulary used is simple and easy to understand.
This course is so good. I also liked the fact that there is a small project with it. Helped a lot to apply what I learnt yet. The course instructor is so cheerful, enjoyed learning from her.
While I had previous experience with Python, I was pleasantly surprised with new tricks and tips I learned from this course :) I love how you can always speed up the videos as per your pace!
The Python course was awesome, when its Taught by Google, Its pretty cool to learn from Google Instructors. The way of Teaching was extremely good.Thank you Google for the Wonderful Course.
Dear coursera, the last assignment  in this course needs more discriptive directions on how and what to do .As many of the students whi knew how to code are unable to submit the assignments
The greatest course to start, because the teacher explains in a detail way every topic, plus the great real examples and the python exercises. I really admire the good vibe of the teacher.
I thought this course was an excellent introduction to Python. It combines Google's well designed program with Coursera's easy to use platform, resulting in a seamless learning experience.
superb awesome fabulous course.......got an opportunity to know more about python in deep .....even though this was a beginning course in python, there were few things which were new to me
The course is one of the best in terms of content and delivery of content. The course did exceed my expectations which is expected to happen when the name Google is attached with something
The course was simple, but provided a good review of the basics of python. In fact, the course covered most of the concepts that my college intro to programming course covered in 16 weeks!
This course has a lot of the content and exercise, even included in videos. I think it is very good start if you want to learn python, a lot of hints were to look for the information too.
The course is very well designed! Kudos to Team Google on such a marvelous content delivery and very well designed curriculum!! I would definitely recommend this course to my friends! :)
This is a must-do course for anyone interested in Python programming. the course was well-balanced in terms of toughness and on-spot curriculum. In summary, this course is Amazing!!!!!!!
I suggest that everyone should take this course to learn python basics and how to apply them in IT work. Instructor is friendly all over the course. I learned many new things in python.
a simple course to get you dive into the programming in python.the instructor is clear in expressing the thoughts and put everything into the course to make it so simple and interesting
My friend recommended that It is the best course available for quick revision of Python, and, yes it is. But not only this ,I have learned many new tips and tricks. Thank you Google :)
This course is great! The overall resources are perfect for enrollees since it provides them will basic concepts and really help them dive into programming through the practice quizzed
Its a very good course both for people who are completely new to coding and for ones who have done coding in other languages before. Everything is well explained and easy to understand
It is a good course for all who wants to learn Python from scratch. The practice quizzes and the graded assignments mainly consist of coding problems which is really good for practice.
This was a great course. Really appreciate the content and the teaching style. I learned a good amount of Python but I know the Python programming universe is huge. I'll keep learning!
A Must-Do Python Course if you are a Beginner,Helped me a lot in understanding insights of python language and programming by introducing with real life problems and finding solutions
The course was great, although mentor's answers sometimes were tricky (in his/her code mentor was using methods that we didn't learn in the course). I wouldn't mind more practicing :)
Very interactive and interesting course. It goes through all the necessary concepts of Python programming. A great learning tool for all kinds and levels of learners and programmers.
Its the best course on the internet to learn exact use of python. if someone really want to learn something about python , learn from this course nothing can be best than this course
Its an interesting course for me and I am sure also for everyone. I got some difficulties in my last assignment. But I got the output and now I am confident to break any python code.
This Course very useful for all learners who are interested in Python programming... Thanks a lot for your course designer and trainer... they did awesome job for us.. God blesses...
Amazing course!!!The course is well organized and interactive with tons of tasks, quizzes, assignments & graded assessments... Thanks to Google and Coursera for this opportunity!!!
Thanks Coursera for giving me this wonderful opportunity. Your financial aid really helped me a  lot.Regarding the course , i learned a lot..it really improved my skills in python.
Was my first and best experience of learning online. I think it's the best way of learning python because you get to understand the fundamentals from really experienced instructors
Very nice instructor, I always enjoyed the videos and it was a lot of fun! Each Quiz was hard, but a great opportunity to learn! Will definitely recommend this course :) Thank you
Great experience. This is the course "for beginners", but experienced programmers might sweat (a little) to solve some of the examples. This is awesome. Thank you for this course.
Perfect opportunity to ace Python basic skills. Pretty hard assignments but nothing can stop you from reaching your goal. If you really wanna learn Python this course is just best
Amazing course, to begin with, teaches all essential basics of python required to grasp the essence of programming and above all it teaches some real application which is amazing.
35M haven't coded since A-Level CS and I absolutely loved this course. Having never used python before I can't believe how quickly I picked it up vs being at school 15 years ago!
The course is well structured and mostly all the python topics get covered and cherry on the top the instructor was so good and energetic that you will love the learning process.
This is a fantastic course, it is challenging and you really need to dig in to get the most out of it. I would recommend it if you want to learn python with an eye to automation.
Easily the most effective and interactive Python course I have taken on Coursera. Gets you straight into writing code, keeping me far more engaged throughout than I had expected.
It was a bit tough and complicated for people getting started with Programming in Python as many concepts weren't explained which was later required to complete the assignments.
The course has really good contents with good assessments. Assessment will test your practice. The instructor teaching is nice.  Overall awesome and recommended to all beginner.
This was a good course, I would recommend Python coders of all stripes to work through it. There's plenty to review, and the instructor also shows a few tricks I was unaware of.
This course offers insight and different perspectives into python. In addition, it provides many different functions and operations that are necessary for a professional career.
A great introduction to Python. Although this truly is a "crash course": you may require self-learning to get through all the material - not that that's a bad thing, really :).
This course is awesome one .Nothing to worry about anything related through course.I learn lot of things through the course .Thank you Google..I'm coming soon.. in the dept...
Great course for learning the basics of Python without getting overwhelmed. This is strictly about Python syntax only - interaction with OS will come in the following course.
This course was helpful in teaching me the fundamentals of Python. The instructor was amazing at her job and kept the course fun and interesting. I would highly recommend it!
It is a super learning-friendly course. Not too extremely hard, but also a little bit challenging sometimes. That's why it motivates learners and keeps them keeping learning.
Gives you the confidence boost you really need.  Curated to give you what you need as an IT professional. Highly recommended python course for someone who's not a programmer.
Amazing course! Very detailed, with a lot of useful materials and notes. The teacher is very inspiring and motivating! Thank you very much for this amazing course from ZERO.
This course is one of the most structured course for anyone who is willing to learn. This is must for all who wants to learn at a fast yet do not want miss important topics.
Found the content very relevant . . note that the curriculum did seem a little rushed since it is a crash course. But overall, found it very useful to build a foundation on.
Excellent course! I recomend it!! The didactics of the course is amazing, as well as the exercises for practicing!! I did not regret! The course fulfills what was promised!
I've taken a lot of various courses on python, and I can safely say this crash course is a nice way to bridge the gap between "baby's first code" and actual practical uses.
Being through quite a lot of different Python courses and document, this one in my opinion is simple to understand and gives you little tricks that you can use on the spot.
This course is indeed a very efficient way to learn Python and programming in general. I recommend for any beginners to take this course. Thanks for the fantastic journey.
Excellent course in python. Very complete. I highly recommended to anyone looking to learn from great instructors, which are also experts in the field.Thank you very much!
Excellent course. I will recommend this python crash course to those who have prior knowledge of any other programming knowledge and want to learn python in a quick time.
It is a crash course in Python, so pay attention and try your best. You will need to research to get familiar with using functions, if statements, dictionaries, and lists
It's a really good and fully interesting course provided by google Thanks a lot, Coursera  for providing us such courses in free in such  a challenging time of the corona
Really fun and engaging. It gets progressively harder at a reasonable pace. The instructor taught the concepts well. My favorite part of the course was the final project.
The concepts were easy and the problems were tricky making the perfect combination for a interesting course. The puns by Cristine were awesome and hats off to Marga too;)
Enjoyed the course a lot. It was very well designed that made it easier to grasp the concepts. Christina made it even more fun to learn the complex things. Nice work! :)
The course helped me to review all the concepts of Python and fill in the gaps that i have missed previously. The final project was an interesting ending for the course.
very straight forward and good to learn, however would put out more tools for people to practice there code and have more clear cut examples and practices to apply them.
Really good for beginners. Was very easy to understand and the instructions were very well mentioned. Also the cheat sheets and the reading materials given were all good
The instructor was very easy to listen to and her teaching was so helpful. I wish she offered more classes! Christine deserves a raise or bonus! Such a good instructor!!
Mam Christine you were great and wonderful your way of teaching inspired me a lot and gave a hope that no language is difficult to learn with enthusiasm and strong will.
great course for who want to learn python for first time. But yeah you should have prior coding experience in any language for a smoother journey here. Recommend to all.
Nice crash course. Gave me the confidence to overcome the fear that I had before about python . Really good stuff for beginners . Now I can confidently code with python.
This was a super easy course. The instructor was just brilliant !, i really enjoyed learning to code in python through this course . thank you and keep up the good work
English/Español --This is a great course/Este es curso muy bueno.Keep goimng at it and things start to make sense/Sigue en el curso y las cosas empiezan a tener sentido
Great python basics course. I liked that the quiz questions were not as easy as the examples in the videos. That makes you think how you can apply the learned concepts.
It was a wonderful and exciting experience It was not easy and it was not too hard, and everytime the lectrurer in the video always gives energy to keep on! THANK YOU!
For some one who doesn't a thing about programming this a great course that you can even complete in 3-4 days if you have nothing else to do and have great start in IT
Excellent course. Very cool teacher, perfect pronunciation (specially for non-native speakers), and very clear explanations. I have the intention to use Python now on.
it was  an awesome course with best  in class teaching and hands-on practice to each concept taught......truly mindblowing teaching....will recommend to others as well
This was fun! It was easy for me because I already knew all of the basics but still had fun in the final project and some questions on the quizzes were tricky as well.
This course was great, the instructor was a top notch, she really impacted the knowledge of python very well to me. Thanks coursera and google team for job well done.
This Course is very helpful in learning concepts of python .And I wants to thanks Google And Instructor of this course for providing me such a good concepts of python
Good course for beginner to learn about python and some aspects of programming.(It kinda hard for beginner but the concept you learn about programming is very useful)
I just love the enthusiasm provide by the instructor! I mean , I am in just love with her. (Jokes Apart) She's absolutely wonderful the way she explains it. Thank You
Best course for beginners who are looking for quality programming in Python. And the instructor Christine Rafla makes the course more interesting and understandable.
This was my first online course.I really enjoyed taking this course and i loved the instructor like a lot with respect as i never felt bored during the whole course.
Excellent course. Great for beginners in programming and in Python! I learned a lot, and oftentimes this went better that the Python Institute's introductory course!
It was a really good intro into Python , I learnt a lot from this course and all the tutors and mentors were helpful. Thanks for giving us a such a wonderful course.
The Faculty was the best faculty I ever studied from, she was mingling, funny, quite interactive, and gave great examples for a better understanding of the concepts.
It is a good mechanism for skill validation and continuous learning. The system eases the job of skill validation for potential candidates by their future Employers.
Everything is very well explained. Some assessment were quite a challenge for a novice like me, but was very worth the effort on keep on trying until the code works.
Very good course with crisp and clear concepts and clear explanations. I would definitely recommend for every python beginner to choose this course. All the best !!
It is a really cool course that takes us through the basics of python syntax and teaches us how to write basic python scripts along the way. Its so cool and so fun!
I got basic essentials of python through the lecture. I also noticed some errors in the quiz, however, I believe this will be fixed sooner or later. Thanks so much!
Instructor did an exceptional job. Her enthusiasm was a huge motivation for me. I would like for the instructor to be conveyed a huge thanks and kudos from my side.
It was a great course, Even though I already know how to code, it was very refreshing. 
Christine Rafla is a great Instructor that make the material very exciting.
A starter pack for those who are zero about python programming. The will make you Beginner level from scratch.Their practice sections are really great and helpful.
Its a very good short course on Python programming. Explanation of concepts with real time examples is commendable. I really enjoyed my journey through the course.
A very good start for new learners . Assessments and practice quizzes will really help  to write a syntax in proper way and helps to  build  programming logic !!!!
This course is pretty nice and full of a lot of information. The assignments are very related to IT real-world scenario cases. Thanks, Google for this nice course.
This course is really helpful in developing coding skills in python from basics. Course is very much suitable for beginners. It contains all the basic fundamental.
The explanation is clear for those who don't have any programming experiences. However, the assessments are also challenging too for those who already knew Python.
Course was excellently put together, perfect for beginners. One complaint would be that I encountered some bugs in the last assignment with importing of libraries.
Excellent course i have learned soo many things from this course i prefer to all begineer that they should do this code once Thank you  for this beautiful course.
Its a very good basic course for everybody.For ones who are new to programming or for the ones who want to brush up their Python skills. Its a must for everybody.
Really AMAZING course!! I learned a lot and it was fun to watch. I really feel that I gained REAL experience with all those exercise. Thanks Google and Coursera!!
one of the best course i ever have!Whole heartly thanks to marga , our instructor , Google team and Coursera for providing knowledge about python in most ease way
this course is AWESOME !! the topics, teacher and content are very good and well explained!! All exercises are well made and give a notion of real world problems
Course was great, instructor was great.Figuring out how to use the jupyter notebooks for the final project was kind of annoying, but other than that it was fine.
Great refresher course, I have experience with Python, but needed a refresher and this course did a great job. Learned a few new things as well. Highly recommend
Thank you Coursera for the opportunity that you gave me with my financial aid, I really learned with this amazing instructor and her way to explain new concepts!
Very well arrange a course. If you are totally new in programming you can learn concept and can do well in programming. Also, the course instructor is very good
it was a good course I recommend to other take  this course its worth taking these course the mentor and instruct was helping in all time to complete the course
This is the  best python crash course with too much of practice questions, quizzes and assignments which helped me in understanding the concepts of programming.
Very excellent for inexperienced learners and very informative for those who have had experience but want to know more about the inner workings of the language.
Excellent course for beginners and even experienced folks who need a refresher on Python. The material is well organized and the instructor is highly energized.
The instructor, Christine was extremely humble. She explained the concepts with full compassion which helped me understand the underlying theory easily. Thanks
Excellent Crash Course on Python. The Instructor explained the concepts very well with real-time examples. It was fun to learn and do Python programming stuff!
An interesting course with relevant practices. Was a great and enjoyable refresher for someone who has programmed in Python but have not touched it in a while.
This is simply mind-blowing. To the instructor of this course, Christine, thanks a lot ma'am. You made this course super enjoyable. Keep Smiling and stay safe.
awesome course material and instructor.Would recommend learners looking for jump start into their IT career to subscribe to this course and upgrade themselves.
Really good structure and cadence.  Have been wanting to learn python for years now and have picked up and put down a lot of references that didn't get me far.
One of the best course for learning python. Interesting and engaging practice quiz and not so difficult no too easy project to generate word cloud. Thank you.
examples are very realistic and course is designed in such a way that a beginner can gain confidence in python programming after the completion of this course
Make sure you don't lose motivation in between. Hang in there and this course will expose you to all important things you need to know in Python. Good course!
This course was well laid out and explained very clearly. I will definitely recommend any person interested in programming or automation to take this course.
It was a nice course with informatic contents which will be very useful.It felt great learning new concept and implementing them to solve real life problems.
When I started ....I was completely empty.This course really helped to improve my knowledge in python.🤩Thanks Google team and our mentor Christine Rafla mam
It is much more effective to crash into something new with the books _and_ online courses. That was an interesting experience. Thanks to Coursera and Google!
171/5000
Excellent course, I loved it! It really powers the knowledge and understanding of Python and how to use it for real world needs as a great tool :)!
Course was perfect for beginners .some of the programs were quite hard for me. Instructor  was very good, understandable and enthusiastic. Loved the course.
It was super fun learning Python. Christine was a great teacher. Thank you so much for this opportunity, I'll keep going for that Professional Certificate!
A really powerful course to get started in python and the best part is the quizzes which will surely make one think a little more critically than the usual
The instructor is the best on Coursera. And the course material is well-designed, as well. Many thanks to the people who contributed to this course, Kudos.
Good instructor with good knowledge and language. Filled up with really best practice problems. I didn't find any flaws in this course. Great going GOOGLE!
I learned a lot from this course. It wasn't easy at times, but I kept at it and kept learning. Our instructor was great too. Thank you, Google for Python3!
The course was amazing. Loved the way it was delivered. Content was and the guide was really sweet and funny which kept in interesting and not monotonous.
Incredible! Everything was amazingly explained and Christine is an amazing instructor. Definitely learned a lot and would recommend to any curious mind :)
It's super fun exciting and amazing course. And yes, I'm a beginner and Non - CS background. Moving on to the 2nd Course of Google IT Automation in Python
the instructor was amazing.she explained very wellit was fun to dive into programming with python and of course with an enthusiastic instructor like her:)
great course when great contents and many examples for practice, Basic to advance with expert google teachers that make the course very easy to understand
It went at a pretty good pace for someone with an intermediate programming level, may be tough for an absolute beginner, but it depends on the individual
Excellent! It's a great feeling being able to write functional code to tackle the assignments in the course. Christine's been great! Thank you very much.
I wanted to say that this course provided me with a basic knowledge of python and helped me improving my problem solving skills and learning how to code.
This course is very well designed in such a way that the learner doesn't feel the burnout even after taking more than one week's content in a single day.
This course is fantastic overall. The quizzes could be less challenging if there were some handouts. It can be a perfect base for learners to take notes.
EXCELLENT! Exercises and quizzes and challenging tasks that would walk you through the actual journey of a programmer.The instructor was great, to say!!
i enjoyed this course a lot.I appreciate the instructor more.the way she used to teach with a smiley face was amazing.she made the course more beautiful
An excellent designed course by Google....The best part were the examples which were directly related to It Automation Tasks.. Keep it Up and Thanks....
It's a great experience learning python especially Christine(Tutor) made it very easy to understand things and keeping up with the course. Thanks a lot
It's best course for beginners, starting from the scrap and moving to each and every topic in detail.I enjoyed a lot and learnt a lot from this course.
It was a really cool introductory course I learned a lot even though I have already worked with python in the past. I'm excited for the courses ahead!
It was a great intro course for python. Even knowing python a little and using it from time to time at work I still learned to allot from this course.
Exercise are great, composition part was great, learn a whole of new things, i am feeling proud of myself that i completed all the exercise by my own.
This course is great! Though I had some programming experience, the course helped me a lot. I liked the tasks and the way the material was described.
One of the best course on python programming available. If you want to learn python from a great instructor, then don't hesitate to take this course.
I really enjoyed the whole learning journey completely. Thank you so much to our guide in this course. And overall course content is really the best.
The course was easy at first but later on it became competitive.The last final assessment was challenging.Anyway it was a great course and Thankyou .
Learnt so much in this course. Its all about basics but the quiz questions makes you scratch your head! Also, you feel amazing when you pass a quiz!
Miss Christine was an amazing instructor and the course content was easy to take in .The questions coming in between the videos were really helpful.
Wonderful course. The step by step teaching makes the learner more interesting. Thank you Google and Coursera for providing such an efficient course
Great course for those who are beggining with Python or even to those who are knows some concepts, but want to review them. I strongly reccomend it!
The Course of Superb you wont get bored at all along with that you will learn many things. Also a thing I learned was Keeping Patience while coding.
Never even tried python before this! The program's great for people who have experience in other languages like c++ as this legit becomes very easy.
If you are a Noobie and looking for a quick route to python world. Well This is just the perfect course to get you started in your python journey :)
The module covered all the fundamental concepts of programming in python and coupled with interesting questions. Looking forward to the next module.
best course about python so far! packed with project and task designed for us to deliberate learning! loveeeee ittttt! thank you google, thanks God
A helpful introduction to python while working on real world problems. This course also teaches you how to break down a problem using simple steps.
The final project was easy ,but there was a issue in grader for right submission it showcased it as wrong i changed my browser to solve the problem
This is very detailed interesting course for new learners. Loved the experience :) Examples and practice test make it all engaging and challenging.
The course is complete and goes to the basics. The exercises are well developed and link progressively all the knowledge learned from the beginning
Nice content, challenging exercises! The final submit process wasn't clear at the beginning. Just search for the button at the top-right corner :-)
The course is very good. The teaching style of Tutors is very good. They explain every topic well and I had fun learning from the best instructors.
The only one course i finished just because it was very usefull and i've learned a lot! So much practice, thanks to all who worked on this course!
This course is really useful for beginners in programming. The reading part in the course is very useful for encapsulating all concepts in python.
It was really good, she made me learn a few concepts which, I wish I had learned earlier. Do complete everything and don't skip the optional part.
if you are interested in Python Programming Language, definitely try this course.The way mentor teaches it likes you are taking interactive class.
Its really good to go through this course, as it is developed by google its exercises are also little tricky but well enough to boost your skills.
A great course; suitable for both beginners and amateurs. The  syllabus and exercises are very aptly put and Chritine is the best instructor ever!
Developed skills at a good pace. Gave some great examples to practice on that really forced me to push myself and go beyond just what was taught.
I enjoyed my journey of learning Python.I have learned a lot many things from this course and satisfied through content of the course. Thank you.
The teaching approach was so interesting. I enjoyed the exercises and project. Though object oriented programming is optional, it was so helpful.
Very nice course! I really liked the teacher, of coursera is rare! Thank you very much for your knowledge and special thanks to the girl in red!)
Amazing Well Structured and More Practical Knowledge mixed up together  in this course and i am sure that it was one of the best beginner course
Absolutely phenomenal course!!! It not only teaches you the skills to code, but leads you through the necessary thought processes to be a coder!
All the important topics are covered properly. Best course for beginners to learn python concepts . Quizzes helps to work on the learned topics.
Madam's explanation was awesome.....i liked the way she explained the concepts and it was very much interesting.........A big thanks to u madam.
I think it is not for the beginners. If you have basic knowledge of Python then you can do this course very easily, yet this course is very good
That was great experience for me . first time i was doing this and from this course i learnt so much for adding some more skills through this .
Very good and exited as few very important and interesting modules are covered with very good assignments. Thank you.. You guys keep ROCKING...
An amazing course if you are a beginner,everything is explained in a very easy manner and the tests help you to implement what you have learnt.
Never seen such an instructor in my entire life, she is super cute, she connects very beautify, she makes difficult concepts understand easily.
I really enjoyed the whole class and i understand each point.The instructor or teacher is gave a wonderfull class experience.Nice presentation.
Very well made. Videos short and to the point. Great for beginners or even more experienced programmers who want to reinforce their foundation.
I really appreciated how the videos are bite-sized chunks of learning. The way the lessons were condensed helped me focus on the current topic.
the programming tasks are really challenging and helpful to building you logic.I recommended to all who want to deep dive in python programing
This is very understandable to all the non-english learners. I got all the topic and discover that it is the best one to start learning python
THIS COURSE WAS VERY WELL TAUGHT AND THE MAIN HIGHLIGHT WAS IT'S AMAZING EXAMPLE CODES WHICH HELPED ME LEARN THINGS VERY EASILY AND PERFECTLY.
Definitely, one of the best courses for Python. This course consists of many logical exercises, which helps to sharpen our programming skills.
This is an excellent course for a beginner, can't wait for the next course. This course is highly engaging and fun. All thanks to Google team.
One of the most interesting and most knowledgeable course, the course design is very perfect , the way of teaching of instructor is very good.
I feel that I received a good introduction to python and am now ready to continue developing my skills in automation or software development.
It is an excellent course to learn the basics of programming and Python management for applications in real and theoretical work environments
during final project, i encounter uploading file problem. using Open methond will be easy. anyway, i feel the tests are all very interesting.
Concepts are explained in an interesting way and easy to understand. A good course for building a solid foundation in Python and programming.
An amazing course ! The pace slowly picks up with the core concepts and within no time they become second nature .I really loved the course!
I absolutely loved this course and Christine was hands down the best instructor one could have ever wished for! Thank you so much for this !
Excellent starter for either getting in touch with programming or as a refresher on programming with Python! Nice presentation, great tasks!
Great beginner's course. There are some inconsistencies on the difficulty presented by challenges but overall great introduction to python.
This course is best for python beginners. It provides enough practice with lots of problems. Overall it is an excellent course .I loved it.
It was Amazing! I loved the the way the course was structured and the specially the instructor made learning really funThankyou Coursera :)
One of the best courses for python lovers!!!The course contents and instructor both played key role in delivering the training. Thank you!!
Great intro for python language and I like the OOP part and explanations best, highly recommend everyone to not pass the optional OOP part.
Really well-structured and with neat features, allowing for a good learning experience. There is also plenty of help if you ever get stuck.
I think it was great, I'm not too happy with the first examples and assignments that used math concepts but other than that is really good.
The brilliance in this course is that the concepts are taught amazingly and are not at all too difficult to understand even for beginners!
for a beginner this course is perfect . well paced and easy to comprehend modules . the week 5 (optional) oops concept is an added benefit
Thank you! Christine is a wonderful instructor! and the course is very easy to understand and a good start this long journey with Python.
The problems were great in getting to actually practice the concepts. Speed was a good pace and the explanations were easy to understand.
I loved the course. Would be better if they gave a roadmap on how to proceed further or else include a glimpse of more advanced  concepts
I thoroughly enjoyed this great course, they teach in a very fun way, not at all like a traditional code teaching style, loved it Google!
great course helped me a lot in learning python i will recommend all newcomers who are interested in learning python should refer to this
Well-prepared course, good for beginners or reviewing your python skills :). If You know some python it's possible to complete in 2 days.
Awesome course of my life till now. I have learned a lot of new stuffs through this course. I am very happy. I can write code in python.
This course is great, Cristine was really fun as an instructor. I've learned things that my private real life tutor was unable to teach.
Could do with a bit more practising throughout to fix things in one's memory, but otherwise a great introduction to programming, I feel.
This course is so carefully made to help people like me can understand python fundamental clearly. Thanks Google for making this course.
This was an excellent course.  It taught me the foundation of the Python language which help me in creating scripts for future projects.
This course is great introduction to Python!  It was challenging and I can already see how these skills will help me in my current job.
The course is overall way too good and exceeded my expectation by a lot! The tests are quite challenging and the videos are excellent!!
It's not my first course on Python. This instructor has given a clear explanation of everything and the documentation was very helpful.
This Python Course is awesome. Especially the teacher is so nice and her teaching is very good. I had a lot of fun and I learned a lot.
feedback = {"course_structure" : "Awesome", "instructor": "Superb", "video_materials" : "Helpful", "the_course_in_one_word" : "5Stars"}
There were a lot of tough assignments and as well as exercises from quizzes.. All are interesting and fun.. Thanks for the opportunity!
That was one of the most enjoyable, fun and educative courses i have ever done. The tutor was so amazing too, she did a very great job.
I really enjoyed the challenging tasks came in my way while learning. I really appreciate the way you take me along. Thank you so much.
The course was interesting and fun to learn... special thanks to the course instructor Christine for making  it a wonderful experience
Very helpful and easy to follow course. Definitely recommend for anyone looking to get the quick basics of Python at their fingertips.
It's a great course about Python. The quizzes and tests are very interesting. This course has all you need to learn Python principles.
Very Good Course on Python.I learned a lot of new stuff and The final project made me to think and it is really interesting.Thank You.
Excellent course with step-by-step guideline and in terms of difficulties. The final project was really good for learning effectively!
One of the best course I ever took. The instructor was very enthusiastic and the way of teaching was so natural and easy to follow up.
Besides the high educational quality of the course, it is  been delivered by  gifted communication instructor making it even greater.!
Excellent course for anyone who is just starting with python and want to get their hands dirty with simple (and not so simple) tasks.
Amazing course with great assignments and practical learning. Would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn python in a short time!
Possibly the best crash course on python available online. Great instructor. Love the way she interacted throughout the whole course.
A really great course for absolute beginners. The instructor is very engaging and makes the lessons as easy as possible to understand
amazing course and best instructor , she made me more exciting bcz she was so exciting to teach us and thats the mentor .... thnkyouu
It was refreshing doing some of the very basic stuffs in Python. I learned a few new things as well.. And the tasks were interesting.
Seldom do you find a course that arouses interest in a new to the field person. It was perfectly organised and beautifully presented.
The course is amazing and very informative. Especially, the WordCloud at the end of the course serves as a cherry on top of the cake!
Wonderful Experience with Google Python Team. Thank You, Team, for taking us to the magical world of Python with the best experience.
Good course for beginners!Unfortunately it is needed even if you are not a beginner but would like to get another course in the pack.
A good one for beginners and those who learn Python by using it like me =) It helps to give you a structure and goal of the language.
I love Python! I wish I would have learned it sooner. This crash course puts you on the right track to learn how powerful Python is.
I find this course really amazing.Teacher was inspiring and passionate.According to me this is the best course to start with Python.
It was fun, easy to follow and didn't feel long at all. It helped a ton that the instructor seemed super excited about the material.
Very nicely curated syllabus. Instructor is super explanatory as well as fun. Practice quizes do train the brain for the assessment.
the course was awesome one ,being the first online course this course was amazing one love you all who cooperated for this to be....
One of the best teachers i have ever seen, made a course on apples and i will watch it :D thank you for you for this amazing course
I learned lots of basic things that I never covered before taken this course. Thank you so much, Google for organizing this course.
I learned the basics concepts in a very systematic manner. Special Thanks to Christine and others for making this wonderful course.
Their teaching method is completely different from our education system. So, this madde me to do mre and more courses on coursera.
Pretty basics of python, good for beginners.  Even though beginners will face some trouble if they have no programming experience.
Very nice...I have learnt many thing from this course and i am glad that i got opportunity to learn from a google sponsered course
The course was really heplful and interactive in such a way that hepls us to learn it quickly and get better grasp in each sectors
A great course to start learning python programming. This course also helped me to develop programming and problem-solving skills.
Just amazing!!Learning made very simple!! Each concept is taught with real life examples!! Very happy to be the part this course!!
This is a very good course for beginner to gain more interest in Python. However, It’s also good for Python learner to be advance.
easy to understand , but if there is any internship after completing this course, that would be more better for unemployed person,
its was a very good crash course but its better if the  students have some fundamental concepts  regarding programming and stuffs
Crash course on Python is really Great Course. Thankyou so much to Instructor for giving us good knowledge.Thankyou once again!!!
Good Course. I felt Week 5 was a bit hard! other than that a great way for any non-programmer to begin their programming journey.
This course was fantastic!! I could learn the principles of the programming language "Python" with a good instructor from Google.
Great course for complete beginners in python. The material is well explained and practical tasks are challenging but manageable.
Awesome! I really loved the person who taught me. I have never seen a professor who taught me in super enthusiastic way like her.
This python course was fantastic and i love when i learn python through this course .It was very interesting and also Chalanging.
This course is very interesting to learn basics Python. I love this course and thanks to Google and the instructor whos teach me.
I loved this course. It was the right level of challenge for me. I would recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn Python.
I enjoyed this course a lot and learned the basics of python programming very well. Now I am confident enough to work on my own.
i really learnt a lot from this course. I started  off with no python knowledge and now I have learnt the base of python coding.
The course has a great didactic that allows an easy and fast learning. And the content covers several important python concepts.
The best course to learn Python Basics.I already had some coding experience ,but even for complete beginner this course is great
Easy to follow, and engaging content. I feel like I am going to be set up for success when I complete my learning from Coursera!
Very interesting, not boring. Exercise are taken from the examples that can be applied in our work. Very beautiful teacher -:) .
Thanks, Coursera and Christin it was a beautiful journey with you your explanation is very clear and the course is very helpful
I've been starting to learn python for the past couple months and this course really helped break down concepts I was stuck on!
Brilliant and to the point! Really useful even if you have some prior Python knowledge, programming assignments are really fun.
Christine Mam,The way she told every concept got into head and thank you google and coursera for making such courses available.
Challenging but doable if you make an effort.  Don't give up especially if you are learning to program for the very first time.
Very good instructor: concepts were presented very clearly. Lot
of informationwas effectively covered in a short span of time.
If you're a beginner and want to learn python with good assignments and video lectures. Then, this is the best course for you.
Great course, but I do recommend some basic knowledge of python before starting this course. It gets intense after mid week 2.
nice content however final submission part was little confusing. There should be more clarity in instruction for final grades.
If you are the beginner and want to learn Python then this course can teach you very basic level of Python in very easily way.
Attractive and effective interface, and the thing i love the most is the way the tutor interacts with us.Really enjoyed a lot.
Very well organised and the selection of topics for the coverage is exceptional. Great practice sets. Great tests. Exceptional
It was very interesting. Every concepts taught was in a very good manner. I never felt that i cann't do it. It was super easy.
Good course covering all basics of python which is helpful in making carrier in IT.I am very much thankful to the instructor.
i think final project needs to be improved of bases of instruction given to solve it. thank and course was very imformative .
Challenging quizzes and coding practices. Jupyter exercises are interesting and challenging, as well as the final the project
Perfect course for beginners. It contains very good explanations, interesting tasks and useful links to additional materials.
This course is wonderful and knowledge parked. It is capable of sparking  up the unknow coding skill and interest in anyone.
Great for beginner who have no experience. A little challenging but if you practice and figure things out it's super simple.
It was frightening for me to code at the beginning of this course but with time it grew on me and I'm really confident now .
I was wondering if i can really learn PYTHON, but coursera help me gain all the knowledge i need to know in it. Thanks TEAM.
It is cool, sometimes I wish they gave questions in the input-output version rather than scenario. I enjoyed it it is quick.
I think it was a nice a course to start programming and understand well what are you doing with python programming language.
The course was super fun and easy to get along with, the concepts well explained and enough exercises and examples provided.
This course helped me a lot in understanding the knowledge of working with Python and developed my basics to a great extent.
awesome at least i am getting my logic sharpen up still long way to go pal so .. let's not rest till i get where i wanna get
This course went into depth of the fundamentals of python programming. It was more thorough than other courses I have seen.
Great place to start what you need for initial learning, Love the way the course is designed and also the way it was tested
Great course to get the basics of Python for newbies and also a great  refresher for people who already know python coding.
Initially i found a bit challenging, but in the end managed to complete the course and get my first Certificate on Python.
The course is very good and is packed with lots of knowledge and information about Python. I enjoyed the course very much.
This is the best Python crash course i have ever seen, it is helpful for new Python learners and event for skilled coders.
it is quite scary at first...then everything went smoothly...just that using Jupyter notebook is something new to me..haha
great course ,feels good when completing and running the code for your self,the instructure make it fell lot easer and fun
Very concise videos but covers all the intro stuff to Python. Relatively challenging exercises. Very enthusiastic lecturer
very good for those whom want to start learning pythoni enjoy it, even i was familiar with most of the contents thank you.
This is a Super helpful course!I learn lot of  things about python and IT:The course module and  mentor both are awesome😊
Nice course. I learnt the basics of python programming and python syntax. Whole Journey in this course was really amazing.
This was a great course that explained Python concepts and object-oriented programming very well. Loved every minute of it
Course was exceptional ! loops concept was awesomely explained by the instructor. Thanks Google & Coursera for this course
Thanks to all the people involved in putting this course together. Instructor did an amazing job, special thanks for that!
Great course design! I really enjoy the work, relation to real world cases, explanations, and multiple means of learning.
This is a great course for python beginner, I have gained really good hands-on experience from the exercises and quizzes.
Yes, it is good start for python beginners, problems are very interesting to solve and it leads think in various aspects.
I love this course! This introduction includes width and depth, but also very easy to understand, 5-stars recommendation!
Awesome course, learned alot. Best thing was that this course helped me get my hands dirty, Thanks Google and Coursera :)
Very interesting final task!!! But at first it's not obvious that function generate_from_frequencies must have arguments.
A lot to learn, I haven't learned it all, even though I passed the course.  I'm very thankful for the discussion forums.
Very few courses feature difficult practice problems, This is one of them, will try to enroll for the next in the series
Its really good and the instructor is cool.She always smiles and its really antidepressant.the course content is awesome
First of all i would like to thank to our Instructor christine. the way she explained each and every concepts its great.
I enjoyed it and I loved the instructor - she was great. I am looking forward to learning more and applying my knowledge
Well explained,lots of questions asked in between videos to ensure concep grasping and the videos were cool, loved it!!!
Great introduction to python. The course content and production are very well done. Salte Google team. Highly recommend!
I really enjoyed this course and learn a lot of new things. I finish it! I never finish anything so I give you 5 stars.
Great Course! I already had some familiarity with Python, but still learned new things and enjoyed watching the videos.
This is an amazing course on python and I want to thanks to Coursera and Christian who is my instructor in this course.
the instructor was so awesome and the assignments given in this course were very good to brush up the basics of python.
Nicely done course. I advise anyone with a keen interest to apply and join this magnificent journey in python scripting
I loved the class. After many trials, this is the class that gave me confidence with Python. And the tutor was amazing.
A good course, it help me to learn basics of python, object oriented programming and some of complex ideas  in python.
great course really loved the way how the course covered all the basic, it really motivated and help me gain knowledge
Beautifully explained by the gorgeous trainer. Now enrolling for the next in this SpecializationThanks for this course
Very enjoyable. The course wasn't easy but it was worth it. I'm very glad I invested the time to learn how to do this.
This is a great way to start learning Python, I will recommend to anyone that want is thinking to become a programmer.
I like the way the instructor introduces new concepts.  I would do more to encourage people to use outside resources.
Very good course, I loved it so much 😃😃. An extra star for the instructor, she explained all concepts very clearly!
Great intro....lots of fun....got to play with a lot of neat things and I learned something, well several somethings.
the instructor of this course is very good and way she deliver the content makes point clear, by watching just once.
It was an awesome course. Instructor, assignment and resources both are awesome. You can say, it's a quality course.
It was very interesting to learn a new language as popular as python and explained in a very easy to understand way.
The Python Crash course is awesome.
The instructor motivates and give encouragement for learning.

Learn with Google
Quick and detailed course.Help's a lot. I really loved the course. and the Instructor of the course was really good.
I would like to thank and give my regards to the course instructor. She was amazing as a person and as an instructor
The instructor was awesome. the dictionary part of the course was a bit tricky ....really miss the learning journey
It's a great experience to learn from such a great teacher. I had fun .But the last project is very hard to finish.
very well explained , and easy to understand. I highly recommend it if you want to star learning how to use python.
It was definitely a good course that allowed me to go at my own pace.  i am glad i was able to speed up the videos.
Amazing and enthusiast instructor and a very interesting way of teaching thus making all the concepts crystal clear
I totally enjoyed learning python from scratch. The instructor made those lectures interesting and joyful to learn.
A great course with great content.Would highy recommend for this course if you want to learn programming in python.
The overall Course was Impressive but your language has to be simplified a bit and explaining must be more detailed
The course was absolutely helpful even though a lot of info in a short time, be consistent and  practice every day.
Great course. But prefer that correct answers were provided after each graded assignment to cross-check our faults.
That's a great learning experience ... Thanks for putting all concepts easy and interesting through out the course.
Awesome course learned a lot from this course.Now i can easily work on my college project with my new python skills
best learning experience ever, gonna help me change my career to a better future. Thanks Google and Thanks Coursera
Wow! This crash course on Python was amazing. Lots of valuable knowledge, it's definitely worth it. Thanks Google!!
i like everything about this course the videos are short, the tutor is full of energy  and the course is well made
I loved this course! Thank you for delivering such a high quality curriculum and make in it fun in the process :-)
The best interactive learning session! I didn't get bored at any moment during the course, thanks to the Trainer!!
One of the best course on Coursera. As expected, the best learning experience from google and coursera altogether.
This course enhance my programming skill in python, and will help in my MS research and future programming. Thanks
a very nice introduction to python. I really enjoyed the course and recommend it to anyone willing to learn python
Excellent course for beginners, and pretty good for most Python programmers who never learned the basic concepts.
Very useful course in today's era. It was great fun here learning new skills . Overall it was awesome experience.
Great Instructor. Awesome expression with teaching ability. Though sometimes I am out of track from her smile ;)
I liked the design of the course, like it can be learn by anyone who is very little aware about the programming.
So far I have enjoyed the interactivity and challenges the course has to offer. Looking forward to growing more.
What a great course!  really got my up to speed with the syntax of the language and some of the tools available!
Really its very helpful course dig in the basics and important points in Python world. Thank you at all Googlers
I already knew how to program in python, but I still learned a lot of new things. Pretty easy to understand too.
It was amazing! I really learned the basics with Python programming, and I feel confident for the next courses!
really good course for beginers. there are many course of python in internet, but it is my favourite.hail hydra
I had practice with python only in competitive programming but this was a whole new expirience and even better.
This has been a great opportunity to study with Google and Coursera. It has created a mark in my physical world
This was an extremely difficult course for me but I'm glad I stuck with it and I look forward to learning more.
Best Python course I have taken so far this year.  I feel that the videos with hands-on practice really helped.
This is my first course online, and i'm glad to be part of them! Everything is well structured and entertained.
very good course! But I think it's very difficult for beginners. Lots of in-video questions don't have answers.
This course was very interesting and interactive. I learned a lot in an easy way. The instructor was very good.
so useful who want to learn python when start it low level and We can experience how to use python in real work
Very well constructed, the teacher is intelligent and sweet to talk to students, it makes learning a pleasure.
I really love this course and the instructor. I learned from the basic to the real life work related problems.
It's great but It will better if this course get into  a little bit more on python libraries like numpy and so
Great course. it covered all the basics of python which is required to dive deep into the data science domain.
Good course. Learnt so much and am eager to progress to the next course to keep on building on this knowledge.
Great way to get the programming concepts into one's mind by focusing only on the essentials parts of program.
Great and impressive course. It was challenging from the beginning to the end. Really google is extraordinary.
The assignments are a bit challenging for beginners. But it helped a lot in developing my basic python skills.
The contents are clear and well explained. The instructor is really brilliant and give enthusiasm to learners.
I am happy that I took this course. I learnt a lot of new things and will share it with my team as well.THanks
Great stuff and very informative, this course helps me to build the foundation of programming language in me..
It's definitely interesting, but more real life examples and a sneak peak into the code would have been better
The course is very great, I feel comfortable when i am learning, thank for the team creating such great course
One of the best course. the way instructor techs and test are really good loved the course highly recommended
Its really amazing course and give a hands on every concept is explained in details with hands on . Loved it!
I loved this course.They have explained everything beautifully.My fundamentals are better than ever!Thanks!!!
Great introductory course. As with anything new that you learn, practice what you learn makes the difference.
The course is amazing for beginners. The concepts are very well explained and the exercises are well designed
Excellent course, and brilliant presentation to keep our interest and motivation alive throughout the course.
awesome just make alive everything brilliantly designed. you just feel its not one way. no more boring stuff
It's a very interesting course, a lot of tests and tasks. Not so easy some times but It was really exciting.
Brainstorming and ensures in-depth learning. Interim quizzes really helped to digest the concept thoroughly.
It is very knowledgeable and informative. This course design was very interactive and able to follow easily.
an excellent course, the instructor is very lively and keeps u engaged, i really enjoyed every second of it
This is an fantastic course to learn python. I agree with coursera, google is one of the best instructors .
it was super well taught and good practice problems were given ... felt that final project was bit easier .
It was really a very well designed course. I learnt a lot from the course which is useful for the industry.
NO doubt!!!!!!Excellent course with excellent instructors nice course ever on the coursera about the python
Best course for beginners and intermediaries programmers. Great introduction on Object Oriented Programming
great course for people who have no clue what is programming, and for programmers who wants to learn python
I enjoyed this course very much! Everything was explained from the basics and the explanations were clear.
It was an awesome course , and I would highly recommend this to people who want to start learning python!!
The instructor was very awesome.Her way of teaching was very good.It was a great course.Thank u so much...
Good curriculum, Nice explanation and Challenging questions. Simply LOVED the entire course.Thanks Google.
wonderful course and the instructor is very polite and also helpful in fighting against different problems
This course really helped me feel confident about myself. Really helped me understand the basics of python
It is completely clear and of course challenging! they set you some goals that are difficult but reachable
Great course !! Great learning experience in a step by step approach with plenty of practical exercises !!
Great Course by Google.Some day I will be working there. There is a lot to learn right now. Thanks Google!
Started of from ground level, but advanced on a steady pace. Project could have been a bit more involving.
This course is amazing! I will recommend it to all my friends who wants to learn how to code using python.
A balanced course to get started with programming without getting into too much details. Nice job google.
Instructor was really cool and hot, now i feels confident in python coding, course name is not attractive
I like it because it's perfect fit for user who is just beginning and very understandable when lecturing.
Great and informative course. Would like to see more advance courses in python and applications using it.
this is a super amazing online courses i have ever joined. i learnt a lot of things i havent known before
It was a great learning experience and users get to implement what they learn through challenging quizes.
This course will make you understand all you need to know about python. From a Noob to an Hero in Python.
The code challenges were perfect. Challenging but achievable. The videos were well-produced and coherent.
very good course these people just focused on the necessary things and everything taught here is useful.
goog course with a lot of opportunities for practicing python and the level of their quizes is very good
A great course which exposed me to the Python language and its fundamentals. Thank you Christine and co.
Definitely challenging, but very interesting. Presented in a way that made me want to tune in and learn.
Great Instructor but very well designed and informative i am happy that my python skills are sharper now
Excellent classes. before this I have basic knowledge. But now I am condfident to code a complex problem
You will never get tired or bored ever doing this course, the instructor is super energetic and funny ;)
This is a great course for beginners, or even experience developers who wants to know more about python.
Really loved the OOP exercise. I think that's where I really learned everything the course had to offer.
Great starter course for Python. The instructions are clear and easy to follow. I learned a lot from it.
This is a great course! Yor know the basis of python and also learn valuable concepts for your IT career
Thank you so much google. I learnt and completed a project that made me feel good. i loved this course.
Very good introduction to inspiring and encourage new people who are interested in becoming developers.
This course is a great way to understand the basics of Python and feel comfortable writing basic codes.
Really great instructions! Cool way of teaching!! Helping me understand the greater good using python!!
Basic but essential topics. Contain practical examples that are perfectly related to IT support career.
It was an amazing experience. The curriculum, tests everything was perfect. Thank you Coursera, Google!
Through this course i have learnt a lot about python and so many new things which i didn't know before.
The course was nicely designed for learning the basic of python programming. Really enjoyed the course.
It is a good first step to start coding. Any way, I think it would be great if they add more exercises.
The best thing is that there is no spoon feeding. Teaches the importance of using online resources too.
This is the most concise yet complete course on python. I feel really glad to have taken this course :)
Its a good beginner course with very clear lectures, the exercises are very important for the learning.
Very well organised course for absolute beginners and excellent curriculum, Thanks GOOGLE and COURSERA.
Excellent, the graded assesments are challenging and it ensures you understood and practiced the topic
I have never finished any online course, but i finished this one for a very good reason (its the best)
A great way for either a beginner or a person who wants to simply brush up & recollect basic concepts.
A very cool course I have to admit! I have learned a lot and systematized the knowledge I already had!
Quite interesting, but quite challenging towards the end when you need to compound all your knowledge.
It was not easy, but it says that the good things in life never come easy. A highly recommended course
I'm very happy to take part in this python course and it was super super clear.. Thank you Google.....
step by step clarity of each top was provided by an amazing instructor. Thank you .i loved this course
Best course for everybody who wanna learn python with an amazing instructor. Coursera you're the best!
The instructor was very engaging and clear, and the progression was balanced and somewhat challenging.
I loved this course because it helped me to understand the basics of python.Nice course for beginners!
Thanks for this course. My all concepts get cleared more and now this encourages me to do more coding.
I like this course. Recommended for those who know a little bit of Python before diving in this course
Please provide solutions for the optional Exercises in week 5.Overall, A Very good Course. Keep it up!
it's such an amazing course...... it gave lot of thing to learn and it increase my thinking capacity .
Awesome course with perfect teaching material really helpful considering the ongoing market conditions
I loved the course and the teacher, she explains the concepts super clear and makes it funny and easy.
The best introductory course for python which has given me insights and set me up for my future goals.
if something is important enough you should try, even if the probable outcome is failure ----Elon Musk
Learned a lot. Thanks for this awesomely designed course. Would definitely recommend it to my friends.
I loved this course.  It was very engaging and entertaining. I learned a lot and it was never boring.
Very handy and complete course for those who are curious to learn programming and that too in python.
I learned many new things from this course.Instructor was too good she taught all things very simply.
Amazing course, easy to understand concepts, awesome assignments, a ton of learning value, thank you!
simple but having well-elaborated content, structured well enough for total beginners to easily grasp
I love to learn from coursera. The content of this course is very good and i love to study from this.
It was really good experience in learning Python. The final project Word Cloud formation was awesome.
I really learned a lot from this course and this course is really interesting and easy to understand.
this course is really good for beginner - tutor was really good in touching all the topics in detail.
This course is perfect for beginners and the syllabus , assignments and project are very interesting.
Great Python primer! It a great course to get a Python refresher if you're already familiar with it.
Best course to start coding using Python and a very good introduction to Object Oriented Programming
The instructor is very friendly. Excellent intro to using Python. Learn lot of things with practice.
Excellent course! Thanks for enabling this course and wonderful delivery of training, appreciate it.
This is one of the best course for Python Programming if you want to learn python from the beginning
Very nice way of teaching Python , but one thing is that it is a little bit tough for the beginners.
The course is great!!!! The subject is explained well and the way the tasks are prepared is awesome!
I am amazed by the interactive element throughout the course. It's better than classroom experience.
This is the best Python course I have and may ever encounter. Thank you Google for this opportunity.
A very concise and precise course to bring you the most useful part of Python. Thank you very much!
Loved the course! Marga and Christine are doing such an amazing job walking us through the lessons!
This course give me a lot of new, helpfull and interesting thinks, and Python programming of cours.
well this course is very helpfull for the beginners  i thanks to  google for  this wonderful course
Impressive, educative and highly practical, would recommend to anybody with little to no experience
Best course for a person who has little idea or none about programing concepts and python in depth.
a very good course for beginners as well as intermediates the instructor of the course is very nice
Great course for beginners! Basic concepts well explained and small tasks in each video help a lot!
I've really enjoyed the course. It was a very supporting course that makes you want to learn more.
excellent crash course. ran through the fundamentals of python. last project is tricky but doable!
Even though I had previous knowledge of Python but I found that this course was very much helpful.
I love the word cloud , Thank you for picking the fun and useful project for this course. Love it.
I really liked the course and the exams that allowed me to advance in the understanding of python.
Great course, very few hiccups and a lot of great information in very easy to understand segments.
I love it so much. You are the reason i fell in love with coding. this course is worth thousands.
The course was absolutely interesting and help me to learn a new programming language in no time.
Best course as a beginner to python...really helps to build up your skills as well as confidence!
I just loved the course, the also fell in love the way instructor teaches Python and the concepts
Great course from the best instructor on Coursera. Had hands on experience in programing scripts.
I really liked the script and the tutor. Coursera and Google made it really easy to learn python.
Really great course to start getting into the languaje and understanding the basics on programing
concepts are explained very simply and efficiently!! The hands-on practices were also very good!!
Perfect for beginners and people with intermediate skills will also learn few important concepts.
I loved this course.I have some doubts to be cleared but it still sparked a interest in me in IT
loved the instructor the way she spoke everything was clear. course by it's level was fantastic.
The Best Python Course on Coursera. Intensive training of concepts. Highly engaging assignments.
There were some technical glitches in the beginning but now I guess they are resolved, Thank you
Christine Rafla is amazing and great person from I learned a lot more concepts.Thank You, Ma'am.
This course is awesome for beginners . Final project of word count is very good and impressive .
I was just a beginner and I feel very confident about myself after learning through this course.
Great course to learn python and improve knowledge by the great submission qustions and project.
Great course! Helped me brush up the basics of python in a very systematic manner. Thanks a lot!
Very well paced if you already have some programming skills as a beginner. Totally recommendable
A great course, challenging for sure but that is really worth it! Appreciated the intro on OOP.
It's an absolute way to learn. The course design makes us feel learning all through the course.
This was a very helpful course. The lessons were fun. The quizzes weren't too hard or too easy.
literally an amazing course worthy of spending your time, also the instructor is very engaging.
This course is great i have learned many things from this course and finally i love programming
amazing instructor, great assignments, best way to study by doing not memorizing. loads of fun!
It was really cool and awesome. You'll never get tired of lectures! In one word it was perfect!
Excellent course. Every word/instruction given by tutor is important. Never skip a single part.
This courese give you a knowledge of basic python and by using you can automate your work in IT
very well designed course for any newbie programmers as well as for any good python programmer!
Loved this course. This course is made in a very easy to understand language. Thank you google.
it was fun to learn python with these course. and it is the best of the best course on python .
A great python refresher as well as a very good insight into a world of automation using python
Great course! It covers so vast range of programming skills for python for such a short course!
Great and excellent course, and teacher's attitude. You could notice her energy on each video.
It was a really interesting journey, I will miss my tutor Christine. You are an awesome tutor.
Love the course so much! Very interactive and practical examples during the lecturing session.
I really liked the method of teaching and how the topics were shown used in real life problems
Great course, doesn't just teach you the syntax, it teaches you how to think like a programmer
It was an interesting journey which helped me in gaining some insight into the world of python
I loved the course materials and the way our instructor Christine made everything seem so easy
Some of this assignments are really challenging and i am still working on optional course quiz
The content and how everything is presented is just great. Thanks Google for this opportunity!
i like this course, i already had known python, but i think that i am better right now. Thanks
Interesting course, I have learned lot of things from this course.  Thanks to the instructor.
this course is really superb and highly recommended. it cover upto the intoduction in modules
Excellent course conducted by an excellent and passionate instructor!!  Thank you very much!!
It was Fantastic......Learned a lot of new things....As well as the instructor was very good.
Excellent crash course! Feeling confident, and looking forward to the next one in the series!
Excellent content . The assignments are precisely designed and give good hands on experience.
Advanced flow is been applied in every module helps much more doing brain work for beggineers
nice course for beginner .Very energetic and enthusiastic instructor. love the way she teach.
This is an excellent introductory course on Python. I loved the enthusiasm of the instructor!
Sir i am thankful to you this course is superb helpful and very interesting Thank you so much
Easy to follow up on the course, but not so easy in practice, which I mean it in a good way.
One of the best courses I ever applied to in Coursera. The production quality is incredible.
Great and easy way to understand new concepts in a new domain. Worth learning anything here.
Thank you to Coursera, Google, the instructors, the forum admins, and the other students!!!!
Really thankful. I needed to brush up my Python basics and this course was really beneficial
It was a great experience on learning this course and video lectures are very understandable
This course is very good for beginner to learn python.Thanks coursera for giving this course
The course was very beginner friendly and the instructor was very motivated to teach python.
This was very interesting journey. I had learnt  may unique feature of python in this course
It 's  a great course, did  give me a reals examples of problems in IT departement to solve.
Over all this is one the best python course for beginner. I love the quiz and practice test.
Very good course for beginners..Good quaility of assignments given..thanks Coursera & Google
I loved the real world problems that was tasked to solve. Thank all for this amazing course.
Very well put together, and the instructor is great at explaining and keeping you motivated.
Excellent course, feeling more confident in my learning after succeding with the exercises.
Very cool, interesting, and way more understandable than what I thought it was going to be.
It is a really good stuff! It is an awesome introduction to python with hands on exercises.
Such an amazing journey it was and i'm much more excited now to jump into the next course:)
Very informative, learnt a lot of new things about python, looking forward for new courses.
i love this course. Specially Google team to give me opportunity to do well in programming.
This was really a good course for someone who's looking to learn new programming language.
Simple and pretty straightforward. Good refresher if you haven't touched Python in awhile.
A well designed course for beginners, definitely gives a head start in python programming.
It was a great course for the beginners in Python. I found it interesting and informative.
The course was amazing well planned and well executed, google courses are one of its kind.
A good course for those new to Python. I do wish the course goes into more depth with OOP.
Get very fine experience while working on assignments and projects. Thank You team Google.
Thank you Google and Coursera. I've learned a lot. I hope to implement these in my future.
It was a great experience, I learn lot's of new concepts and it will help me in my career.
Great course that actually explains python. Not just shows you how to do things in python.
The instructor was really great and awesome! I'd love to hear more from her nonstop haha!
I have taken many online and offline courses and this course by Google stands out by far.
Great course. Nicely structured and a lot of exercises to stay fresh. Thank you! Love it!
Best for beginning! The instructor is damn funny and really good at her teaching methods.
Nice course for beginners or programmers who wants to refresh their programming knowledge
It was a great course. Must do for those who want to learn by doing. It will make you do.
great course. covers the basics very well...and proved a lot more difficult than expected
Very good course. I had some problems with my submissions, buy really enjoyed the course.
Not too easy, not too hard either. Perfect for encouraging self learning as well. Thanks.
This course was very educational and easy to understand! I loved the pacing and examples!
she is excellent explainer in the world and i fall in love on her smile during  lectures
Super . I want to every know about this course and learn more about python.Thanks google
It is a very good course for the beginners, I learnt allot after completion this course.
The course is excellent, covering the main topics of python programming in a simple way.
It is surely one the best python courses and love the way she explained all the concepts
really nice course! I enjoyed it very much. and Christine's enthusiasm is hard to match!
It's so amazing the way that you learn and the way that the instructor teach the course!
Awesome course for beginners! I suggest purchasing Python Crash Course by Eric Matthes.
This is the best beginning into the python language and i have learned a lot of things.
its awesome curse for beginners and totally new people who dont have any IT background.
You can't  find better python course than this. High quality course content and quizzes
great course with really challenging assessments that improve your practical knowledge.
This was perfectly paced for someone with rudimentary programming knowledge. Thank you!
Amazing Course Content, And the Instructor was very cool and hardworking, Enjoyed alot.
Amazing course and a fantastic staff . Would s hundred percent recomend it to every one
Great course for everyone want to start his journey with Python, I really recommend it.
I thought this course was a good level of challenging, but not discouraging. Well done!
Concepts covered in Videos are really in detail. helps to understand the things quickly
This was a great learning experience that I would certainly recommend to other people.
it was really nice and the trainer motivation keeps us engaged through out the course.
Very Intersting Course and a must try to get into deeper and deeper concepts of python
The practice quiz & graded assessments added more value to the basics of the course :)
The course content is really awesome. anyone can easily learn python from this course.
I enjoyed it ! Is friendly and exercises are clear to start learning basics of Python
I love the way she teaches. I had a great learning experience throughout this course.
This course was awesome and also very difficult to understand but survived very well.
I really enjoyed this course, a very well structured and funny introduction to Python
For beginners this course would suffice the requirements of the basics in the course.
Interesting course! Teaching skill of Mis Christein Rafla is very amazing.Thank You 1
This was an amazing experience!! The teaching technique is unique .. very productive!
Very great course, I've learned a lot about Python and began to enjoying programming.
Excellent friendly course to get started with Python and basic programming concepts.
the instructor was just awesome and it brushed up my previous coding skills. thanks.
Everything is great, just please fix the submission problem for the last assignment!
Many emotions! I will never forget those lessons because they were so well taught :)
The tool and the explanations are simple and useful, the course is very well design.
The instructor was perfect.I studied a lot in this crash course than normal courses.
Great course. Goes from easy to pretty difficult, but is always very well explained.
Very interesting and good examples for coding, the final project was amazing, thanks
The top advanced method of learning python!! One of the best courses I ever I did.!!
One should opt this course, very informative and helpful in learning pythonThank You
Very well done course! Easy to follow and exercises were well written and explained.
This Course was truly awesome. And the instructor and her teaching style admired me!
Excellent Course, Covering all the basic concepts of Python and very well explained.
Great course! Moments got challenging but ultimately I was able to make it through!
The course seems pretty good. Unfortunately, I have no time to do it these days. :(
Really good course which teach the basics of python in a easy and understanding way
IT IS THE BEST COURSE TO LEARN PYTHON. AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT FOR FRESH LEARNERS
Great course, and also an awesome instructor.Thanks, Christie, Google and Coursera.
Was a incredible course! Aborting the major tools of python, with a light approach!
The entire course was very interesting, especially the object-oriented programming.
So awesome! I haven't felt this accomplished In a long while. Christine was great!!
scripting python is easy by this teaching that I received from this girl honestly.
this is one of the best courses for one who wants to start programming with python
very good course for beginners. Gives a lot of programming questions for practice.
Structure of the course questions & logic are fantastic, turning the mind bulb on.
It was an amazing experience. and the instructor was very well taught the material
Great Course Every Beginner Should Join This Course, You will learn so many things
The instructor is marvelous! You actually learn from this course! 100% recommended
Explained everything taking real life problems. everything was great, nice course.
It's a great course for anyone looking to build up or brush up their python skills
The instructor constant encouragement is what motivates me to push on. Thank you!
It was a fun course! Really great content that's easy and clear to understand. :)
Complete course in a easy way to learn. Thanks to the instructors for that work!!
Very nice course and instructor. Thank you. Loving Python and want to learn more.
There was lots of exercise which really impressed me and that also horn my skill.
very good course, This couse completely justifies its name crash course on python
Really, this is the best course - best tutor, guidelines and everything.thank you
awesome the methodology,  the exercises and the teaching. I enjoyed thank so much
Just awesome! Recommended this course to several people who want to learn Python.
Very balanced course, not too little and not too much stuff. I enjoyed learning!
Awesome Python Learning with google and looking forward to learn further courses
This course is absolute treat for beginners in python or programming in general.
the course is really good must try it is bigger friendly everyone should try it.
perfectly design for beginners who do not have even computer science background.
It was great to have this course and get the basic programming skills in Python.
This was the first course I started and completed on Coursera and It was lovely!
Very important course if anyone want to complete Google IT automation in Python.
Really this course give me all basic knowledge about pythonTHANK YOU SO MUCH..!!
Awesome course. For a crash course on Python , its the best one on internet yet.
This Python Course is very great course for beginner.Thanks google, provide this
Quizzes were exceptional. Theory was not so deeply discussed. enjoyed it though.
Nice for start but there are some syntactic sugars you have to cover up yourself
The course is really helpful for getting the basic knowledge of python language.
Probably one of the best courses to revise basic concepts of Python Programming!
Excellent assignment work with good reading material plus the teaching was great
This course clears all basic concepts of python as well as their implementations
It was nice experience for learning  Python and exploring the programming skills
Best trainer and course ever .Made python learning so much easy and interesting
All the journey with instructor was superb. I learn lots of python programming.
Trainer is excellent. She explained all concepts so perfectly. Thank you madam.
good and interesting course structure, one will surely enjoy the whole session.
very interesting course, step by step better world of programming is exploring.
Moderately difficult but enjoyed every bit and got to learn interesting stuff ;
Well designed and structured course. I have learned many new concept in python.
I loved the crash course of python. Short course but best and worth doing it <3
i loved the way course content is made and instructor was excellent and lively.
A comprehensive step-by-step course for non-programmer to learn Python script.
This Course is Worth Learning and Teaches you all basics of python programming
Great Way to Start learning Python, but not for me who is already experienced.
This course is so amazing. And by projects and assignment i have learned alot.
Christine was a total delight, love her energy, so contagious, and motivating.
Good content and balanced between theory and practical exercise. I enjoyed it.
Learn Many Things, But Now I realize I will have to brush up my some concepts.
I would recommend this to everyone doing or aspiring to do anything in python.
Good course! But I think it will be hard for newcomers to finished this cource
Very well explained and fun! This is the perfect starting point for beginners.
It is a super course. I understand every basic and small things about PYTHON.
Amazing course, it includes everything we need to know as a python developer.
One of the best courses I have taken on Coursera. Really loved this course...
I really enjoyed doing this course .Thank you Google for such amazing course.
Super cool... Examples in this course make us focus on real world programming
Excellent teaching.Most importantly,Challenging practice tests for beginners.
good course every on should try this course for learning python from scratch.
this is great and powerful course thanks for instructor and thanks for google
the course is awesome and the instructor christiana guided superly thanks mam
Highly Recommended....Excellent course for beginners and great instructors...
Really great, great experience, great tutoring, and great learning experience
It´s a good course for get a good information an capatitation of python, nice
Great Teachers and Interesting mode of teaching concepts that are relatable.
This was the best python course, had a lot of best practices and good stuff.
Instructors were to the point, funny, very knowledgeable and easy to follow.
Great learning experience and the instructor is awesome and funny. Loved it.
The instructor did a really good job of being encouraging and knowledgeable.
Excellent course with very interactive sessions and challenging assignments.
Great quality course it was! Practise problems were very standard. Loved it.
The course was awesome and the in-between quiz and codes are really helpful.
Great course to start with no prerequisites of python to explore everything.
Beautiful course. The Quizzes and the Final Project are so well thought out.
I love how the tutor taught the course. It is easy and simple to understand.
It was a nice course, I learnt a lot of Python programming from the course.
Thanks, Coursera and Google for creating the course in a way easy to learn.
Great Course to start programming along with certification. Thanks Coursera
This crash course was awesome and I have to say the instructor was perfect.
good course for the learner and great experience with the google instructor
Its a great things to learn python language.. I really enjoyed... Thank you
Very God course mixed with practical and theory.The quiz's are excellent!!!
Truly a great course with a great instructor. Got to learn many new things.
If you want to start to do something in Python, these are the best courses!
this was the awsome course and I've learne many new things from this course
It was a very good journey learning python , the way explaining was great .
This is the best course so far on programming I have ever taken in my life.
I found a lot about python, but there is still a lot of it I need to learn.
Excellent For Beginners very nicely designed exercises to cover all topics.
This is a great course for someone looking to get into python programming.
Amazing Course, It would have been good more exercise, however I loved it,
Awesome. Honestly, the best course I have been taking in Coursera for now.
it is very good course and it is free it is for biggner but some diffculte
Its the best coarse for python out there i am gonna recmmend it everywhere
It's a well developed course, with simple and easy to understand lectures.
The best course to learn python.  It is very much suitable for  beginners.
A great course about the basics of Python and Object-Oriented Programming!
Sometimes instructions are a bit vague but everything else is pretty good.
Excellent course for basic python and to understand its core concepts well
This course is actually great , Every conecpt is is explained wonderfully.
Fantastic course which allowed me to strengthen my hard skills with Python
Recommended to everyone who have just started their journey in programming
Its completely covered all the topics and great experience. Thanks a lot.!
It is an amazing Course and I love it. It is super organized had helpful.
It is a very good course, make sure that you have the time to read a lot!
Very fantastics course i loved learning with more interesting this course
Phenomenal course. Just loved it. Thank you for making python interesting
Amazing approach to introduce Python, easy to understand, and well-paced.
How someone can teach so great, Its was really very fun with this course.
This has been an exceptionally well-taught course! Thank for making this!
Awesome course. Such a great instructor who made it easy to grasp things.
This was the most interesting course that I have done on Coursera so far!
The Most exciting as well as the most challenging python course ever!!!!
Really happy to have gained basic knowledge of a new language i.e Python
Nice course I really enjoyed the session and the instructors teaching!!!
it is excellent you learn many interesting things you can do with python
Awesome little class. Builds your skill and confidence at the same time.
A perfect course for a beginner who is passionate about learning python.
that was totally excellent and  the efficient way you guys do is amazing
Good course with proper explanation and illustrations by the instructor.
Great content, Instructor teaches very well and in very energetic manner
The best thing about this course was teaching style and those exercises.
It was an excellent course! Great instructor! Great problems to resolve!
It was an amazing course. Thanks to Christine Rafla and the team Google.
That was absolutely fun. I like the instructor, she knows how to "teach"
Great Python review course looking forward for the whole certification.
It is a very nice course and enjoying lots.Way of teaching is very nice
Amazing instructor along with the best assessment to test your learning
Very Good Course. Explained each concept easily and with good examples.
Very supportative and interesting course, thank you so much for this :)
By far one of the best course on python. Looking forward to learn more!
The first to take on the journey on python.............Must recommended
this is a good course for beginners in phython to learn from the basics
I liked the course very much I have learned various concepts.Thank you.
Nice, but not all was so clear, most about OOP classes and composition.
It was an awesome course with good material, I definitely recommend it.
Really helped me grasp some programing concepts i was struggling with.
sometimes rather than a content motivation matters a lot!!great course
It was fun. And the instructor we got in this course made it much fun.
Loved the teaching method. Helped a lot to refurbish by python skills.
Rich content and Delivery . Awesome coerce. Thanks to the instructor!!
Learnt many useful skills, great coverage, problems challenging enough
Great for absolute beginners and who knows other programming languages
Highly recommended course for everyone who wants to up lift your skill
Fruitful Course, Awesome Instructor and a whole lot of things learned!
Nicely structured and logical flow of contents,. Great hands-on tools.
The course was very involving and practical. I learnt a lot. Thank you
I've already done a few courses with python, but this one is the best!
Thank you, Coursera I complete my first Google and Python Certificate.
it was an amazing course for begginers who just wants to learn python
Excellent...Strongly suggested: More practice using Jupiter Notebooks
Amazing refresher course. Now I can say my basics of python is strong
The course is fun, and the instructor is amazing and super hilarious!
A great instructor, good problems and a powerful programming language
Thank you for this course. It's very neatly structured and is useful!
Its a wonderful platforms for beginners who start their coding skills
great course material. started learning how to solve real-world tasks
From 0 to basic coding in an easy journey, This is a nice first step.
excellent teaching and methodology. Understanding felt like a breeze
An amazing and most helpful course for beginners on python out there
Very detailed course on Python and carfeully designed for beginners.
Awesome course! clear and direct to the point. It's really worth it.
It's a great course, you'll learn about programming syntax in Python
excellent videos from basics to advanced . Good Programming examples
A lot of learning experience and hands on really enjoyed the course.
Perfect course. Liked every aspect about it and the speaker is cool.
Awsome course to know the basics of Python in no time .Thanks Google
Very Interesting Course with lot of fun practice problems and quizes
Awesome course with great instructor!Was a pleasure to learn python.
Nice pace, interesting topics. Small content, but very good covered.
Content was great and well-paced. The instructor has great charisma.
Great Course - there is no better way in order to start with Python!
Best course ever. Every concepts were clear as clear#Crystal clear#
Very good for one who just wants to get some hands dirty on python.
amazing class i could understand python so easily thankyou coursera
Wonderful Course. I've gained a vast of knowledge from this course.
The course is best if you have some about prior knowledge of python
Awesome course with a beautiful intelligent nerdy female instructor
That is really beneficial for my career. That is completly perfect.
Very interesting and fun crash course into python. I learned a lot!
very very great course.please if you're an beginner give it an try.
The course is very interesting. The readings are very much helpful.
Excellent course - very challenging so work hard and you can pass!!
I learned many things from this course in shortest interval of time
challenging at time but a great course if you want to learn python.
It was an amazing course that easily taught me to program in python
Great course, although Jupyter notebooks are tedious to understand.
it' a gem for one who want to learn some programming basics quick!!
Great course for getting started on an amazing journey with Python!
Really good introduction course on Python and system administration
Super! Well structured and info intensive. 10/10. Highly recommend!
It was an awesome expierience with google crash course on python .
This Course is very helpful. i learn many things from this course.
very good start for beginner this course boost learning excitement
This course is amazing i learned lot of new things in this course.
That was an awsome experince to get a certificate from GOOGLE Inc.
Easy to follow, even for people who have never used pythin before.
Very easy to understand for someone who is just beginning to code.
A great course for the people who want to learn basics of Python!!
Thank you for the opportunity! It was a great refresher on Python.
I really enjoyed while learning. I liked the way instructor teach.
It was a great experience. Very good and balanced course material.
very helpful course . the learning is so easy and understandable .
its very good course it gives an overview of programming in python
it was a great learning experience better than my college lectures
Very interesting and well structured course. I really learnt alot.
Very well-organized contents and great instructor!Had lots of fun!
Very good course and learned new things for the wordcloud project.
The teaching was from the scratch level! Kudos to the instructor!!
The whole course was awesome. All concepts are cleared very well.
It´s an excellent course, I putted all my knownledge in practice.
Great course. If you want to learn Python, this is the way to go!
Google has the best software education method in the world.Thanks
Enjoyed this course very much. It's challenging and entertaining.
the course is very good and helps you to learn python efficiently
Very succinct. Exercises and assessments are challenging and fun.
It tests your passion, but it adds an immense value in your skill
Maybe one of the best Python crash course out there for beginners
Awesome basics for Python. Must recommended course for beginners.
I really enjoyed this course! Learnt a lot. Thanks to the mentor.
From very little knowledge from writing simple automation scripts
No need to mention in review its just an awesome Course by Google
Most informative course & assignments are too good. Satisfied!!!
nice examples, exercies and teacher, i love the entire course <3
Great contentThank u so much Coursera and GoogleAppreciate it!!!
It was a really good (intensive but easy to grasp) crash course!
VERY APPRECIATE THIS COURSE ,,THANKS TO GOOGLE AND COURSERA TEAM
Its very nice course.It clears all you basic concepts in python.
I absolutely recommend this Course as an introduction to Python!
Great course to get hands on python basics, I really enjoyed....
An amazing course for beginners! It's a really amazing language.
The instructions were clear and examples are easy to understand.
The course difficulty is nicely balanced and good for beginners.
its amazing course for beginners, with a lovely instructor .....
just great! looking forward to other ones in the specialization.
Christine is an excellent instructor.Enjoyed learning with her.
I already new a lot of Python, but I learned a lot nonetheless.
Things are explained in a soft and fun way. I enjoyed it a lot!
. Well presented  course. Not easy , Requires a lot of patience
awesome! the teacher is nice and helpful! I have learned a lot!
Helped me a lot in learning the basic concepts of the language.
the best professional course, with quality content. no regrets.
Very helpful to understand the python language ,helped me a lot
This course completely cleared the concepts of python. Thankyou
It helped me a lot to understand how python used in Automation.
Good to learn with the guide.  Sessions with interesting topics
Very Professional, well thought and informative. Thanks Google!
Quite challenging, what you will get a bunch of useful IT tools
It was an awesome online course... the teaching way was superb
Great Course for Biginners. Easy to Learn. Highly recommended.
Amazing course. Helped me to learn python in an organized way.
I loved this course! The teacher is really insightful & funny!
Teaching : 5/5Understanding of course : 5/5Develop skill : 5/5
The Exercises are really good! Enjoyed very much solving them.
a wonderful journey I had never seen Thank you for this course
Great course for beginners.Who is entirely new to programming.
Well designed course and great hand-on experience assignments.
Really Great Experience do this course. Best Course for Python
it's really very helpful and thanks for this great opportunity
superb crash course on python created by Grow with google team
It was a great experience for me to be a part of this course.
It was a valuable time that gets more experience with python.
This course was very helpful to learn python basic to advance
Thanks a lot! You made it really easy for me to learn python.
A very awesome course. I recommend you enroll in this course.
really great course, makes you think a lot and out of the box
A fun experiance learning ,new concepts  and enhancing skills
I found this 1st of 6 course very nice and fun to go through.
Great help to understand the basic definition of Python world
Excellent course to fill in the basics of the Python language
It was really good experience, learning Python through Google
It was great. I love the content and materials of the course.
Perfect Course to revise Python or to get started with Python
Very clear describe to let python beginner easy to hands up.
To start from zero to learn how to make an image is amazing.
The best best course in Python. Would highly recommend this.
Excellent. Very Clear to understand. Instructor is very good
Only crash course that is totally worth your time. Amazing!!
Thank you so much google for offer this course and knowledge
Like this course, it is simple and structural to understand.
A challenging course but feels rewarding having finished it.
Great way to get a jump-start into programming using Python.
really, thank you google for this course and thanks coursera
Excellent beginner course!  Looking forward to next modules.
Awesome course , awesome tutors and awesome course materials
A clear, understandable course and a good quick start guide.
Great course---challenging and full of valuable information
nice start for learning python and very practical in manner
amezing course for beginners , very interesting and helpful
The instructions were simple, lucid and easy to understand!
Amazing ways to explain as well as well defined curriculum.
interesting but needs more detail explanation and practices
I really like the course and plan on advancing even further
It's an awesome course helped me to learn python very well.
very good experience and interpreter provided is awesome to
It is very good course to learn python, I really enjoyed it
I loved the instructor, she's super talented and enjoyable.
Wonderful course, it was clear to follow the instructions .
It was an excellent course with an outstanding instructor.
Excellent course. Looking forward for the upcoming courses
Love this course, it was pretty challenging and usefull !!
searching the next course from google after this!!!!!!!!!!
A very interesting basic course for python and I liked it.
Very interesting course, although it is quite challenging.
A fun, knowledgeable instructor, and great course content!
teaching and course instruction both are extremely awesome
This course covers just the basics but is totally amazing.
Very well laid out. Learn it having great fun! Thanks guys
This is a very informative course if you're new to Python.
Cool course and my first course in coursera! Thanks a lot.
I love this course. It makes me improve skill programming.
Excellent ! very well explained and entertaining. Loved it
I've learned A Lot.It was an amazing journey!Thanks again.
Really good course that will challenge you in a good way.
It was Amazing!!  Thank you for making confidence to me!!
It was great experience and thank u for this certificate.
This course was amazing. The final project was the best!!
Really an awesome course for newbies to boost confidence.
Great course for someone who wants to learn from scratch.
It is a great course. I ramped up my knowledge of Python.
It's full of fun. OOP is really interesting. Thanks a lot
coursera provides good way to learn things in simple ways
Awesome experience...Thanks for this wonderful course....
It was fun and learned new things. Fun solving questions.
A nice introduction to Python. Simple and useful. Thanks!
It was a good overview of python and how to use it well.
easy to learn with a nice instructor... thank you google
It was my first online course. It was a good experience!
good start for beginner. learn a lot from this course :)
Very good andinteresting course. Thank you vvery much!!!
The course is very good.I have learned very much from it
I learnt a lot in this course. Thank you so much Google!
The course was outstanding for beginners. Learned a lot.
amazing course with structured way of writing a program.
had fun and enjoyed challenges coding in python language
learnt much more about python and problem solving skills
Very challenging. The final really wrapped it up nicely.
Awesome course for beginners very structured and planned
A very nice introduction to programming language python.
This is excellent course for beginners to learn python.
The course is great. The presentation is easy to follow
Helped me understand the basics of programing in Python
Good Course greatly managed but too tough for beginners
Love this. I wont stop until i finish the whole course.
Well planned curriculum. Great, engaging instructor. :)
IT WAS A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE LEARNING BASICS OF PYTHON
Complete and understanding course for python beginners!
Easily one of the best beginner python courses there is
Very entertaining and I have learned a lot. Thank you.
wow awesome..journey. and instructor was also great :)
In this course, you face a number of amazing problems.
The best course ever to get you started with python!!!
Very nice to get started in python in a very good way.
The instructor ma'am was so good teacher. Thanks a lot
I find thus is the best course for python programming.
It was really a great experience to learn with Google.
really great a lot exercice really challenging. Thanks
It was a lot of fun learning from google. great course
The instructor was awesome, great course. Interactive.
Crase coure on python is very useful my further career
No more words "To Python With Love " also to Google :)
great course with real world implementation as example
A lot more Interesting .Projects were really very nice
An exceptionally skilled mentor, great teaching method
going miss you and marga on the next stage of learning
I liked the quick refresher on lists and dictionaries!
Great. Please update with: labda, maps and decorators.
Very nice intro - super supportive and easy to follow.
very good course , good exercises and good explanation
Great course material with a good number of examples!
A great course for anyone starting to code in python.
I love this course! I am so excited to be part of it!
it is a great curse to start python really enjoyed it
It was a great course. The instructor was super cool.
So interactive and amazing course, thank you so much!
An eye opener to the world of automation using python
Great course for beginners and for revision purposes.
helped a lot to improve my skills in python,thank you
competetive course....helpful in enhancing the skills
It was an awesome experience learning this course....
The best course found for the fundamentals of Python!
It was an awesome course, learned a lot of new things
A good starter into world of programming using python
Excelent for introduction and exercices thorough it.
Great little rush what opens a lot of possibilities!
Great, it is fun and amazing experience. I enjoy it.
A great course for the first learner of the program.
easily understandable  and very professional teacher
Good course if you have some programming background.
Amazing crash course to clear your basics in python.
I think it is great course for beginners for python.
Undoubtedly the best introductory course for Python!
it was an amazing experience learning all the stuff.
one of the well designed course for learning python.
1 No course. Wish you could have given many projects
it is great course to boost up your skills in python
thank you!great teaching super videos and exercises!
It was an awesome experience to learn something new.
By Far the best and code assignments are challenging
Awesome. The quizes and the assignments are perfect.
AMAZING course for beginners and some intermediates!
a great class for building up a good base on python.
I loved that how the instructor taught this course.
This was a great experience programming with python
It has been a great experiece of learning with you.
Excellent Course, great concepts and functionality.
A great course for beginners, very kind instructor.
Great Training, from none to write my first scripts
Good course for new programmers and non programmers
Wonderfully designed course and got  to learn a lot
The course flowed well and was very easy to follow.
Excellent course. Love the way of explanation!!! :)
Real time example with real time use of languages.
This course is useful and approach to learn python
Thanks a Lot for this course "HAPPY TEACHER'S DAY"
Python is need some logical brain but I am done it
Very educational,simple and clearhad fun learaning
Excellent Course and good exercises to practice ..
Amazing course. gets you hipped up for programming
it was a good journey to learn python with support
Best course if you are interested to learn python.
I do enjoyed and the instructor are really helpful
An Awesome course by Google on Python Programming.
Amazing Instructor and very clear course materials
I LOVED it! It was an absolutely GREAT experience.
That was a great course thanks Coursera and google
Perfect start for beginners and also for revising.
AWESOME COURSE. Thanks to my instructor CHRISTINE.
Nice course to learn basic Python and OOP concepts
for a complete beginner, so far this has been fun
Wonderful course with detailed and fun content!!!
It is excellent course I have seen ever till now.
It was a very good course and I enjoyed it a lot.
thank u google. u helped me improve my knowledge.
Nice for basic python. It is a non-credit course.
It is really easy and the best for the beginners.
BEstcoursetostartjournyinPythonandprogramingworld
Very good, great explanation and great curriculum
Fantastic course with very interesting exercises!
I love Google. It taught me what Python really is
Course was very good and quality content is there
one of the best courses with the best instructor.
Best hands on practice I have ever experienced!!!
Very well designed lecture and exercise problems.
It was super interesting and challenging course!
I learned a lot and got a lot from the examples.
good pace for an introductory course. Thank you.
A definitely great course to learn Python for IT
best python course for automation and scripting,
great oppurtunity for beginners  of  programming
I had so much fun learning Python in this course
It's a great overview of the basics. I liked it.
Really well build course and good instructor too
It's just amazing. Grateful to have this course.
Great Course.Really interesting and challanging.
I enjoyed this course. Contents are challenging.
she just killed it. the best python crash course
excellent way of teaching and delivering content
I like this cource  becuase I learned use phyton
Great teacher! Would love more courses from her!
Introduction of Python Coding. Very Interesting.
The very helpful course to take basic knowledge!
Well laid out introduction that builds on itself
Excellent course add Python in your skills set.
I cry every time I watch these videos from joy.
Best Course On Python So far For the beginners!
very good.  looking forward to the next course.
most attractive and simplier explanation course
I should have study more on jupyter notebook :)
Good but more practice and patience is the key.
Loved the explanation!! Everything was awesome.
Very  amazing! There are lot of things to learn
this course is very challenging but is also fun
Great experience and really good for beginners.
Very Good. Hands on sessions were really useful
excellent lecturer and good courses by coursera
Great course! with lots of practice assignments
Concise and right to the point. Very satisfied.
Great intro course with easy to learn concepts!
Great course to learn or refresh python basics
sooooooooooooo clear it was an awesome journey
Best course to start with python in IT Sector.
Best Beginners course till on python i learned
Awesome introductory course to basic Python!!!
Excellent course to start with python !!!!!!!!
I really loved it being a part of this course.
A great course definitely, thank you very much
This is one of the greatest python tutorials..
Very happy with the exposure to code and pace!
Overall really helpfull and well made. Thanks.
Very engaging and challenging in a good way :D
excellent pace, good examples, and up to date.
very informative and lecturer explains clearly
This course is very used full and interesting.
Excellent and skillful  Instructor. Thank you.
great course for getting started with coding!!
Great course to refresh all concepts of python
Really exciting introductory course to python!
Love this course and the presenter Christine!!
Thanks Google and Coursera Team Amazing Course
It was very informative and also challenging.
great course  for getting learning experience
i recommend this course to every python lover
Nice teaching... Great way to brush up basics
Its super useful and very easy to understand!
THE COURSE WAS REALLY HELPFUL AND INFORMATIVE
Wordcloud capstone was an awesome experience!
ONE OF THE BEST PYTHON COURSE I HAVE EVER DID
Nicely structured module and excellent tutor.
The course is great to start learning Python.
I was enjoying so much. It is really helpful.
Great for beginners! Professional tutor! TOP
wow i finally ompleted it was my favt course
Thank you, Ma'am, For your Great Explanation
I really enjoyed learning from this platform
Very challenging course and lots of learning
Excellent course but where is my certificate
Great course....learned a lot in this course
The course was amazing and easy to learn!!!!
Great content and crystal-clear explanations
Very good course to learn or revise concepts
was great learning course from your website.
Vivid, easy and fun to learn, thanks Google!
For beginners, this truly is a great course.
looking forward for the next Course! Thanks!
it was a bit tricky but content is way to go
Thanks for this very good course on Python..
clear explanations and lots of exercises :-)
Easy to follow easy to understand. Good Job.
Awesome course! Thanks Google and Coursera.
Interesting, exciting and really fun course
Great course! Well designed thanks so much.
Nice introductory course. Friendly teacher.
Clear instructions & great teacher, thanks!
best course for everyone who wants to learn
amazing course to get started on the basics
it was a bit challenging but it was amazing
good for learning the python in an easy way
Its really  very good for beginners ..... !
Nice Course,Explanation of modules is clear
Excellent course for beginners and practice
was a great learning experience with google
Nice python scripts through out the course!
It is very good course for python beginners
nice and brief with lot of help and support
Very helpful in learning python effectively
Interesting and fun way of learning Python.
Excellent course with excellent instructor.
Pretty good course to learn basic of python
it's a good course for beginners, thank you
Excellent course on Python by the Googlers!
good format of course easy to understand !!
Up to speed with Python basics in no time!
instructor was energetic and informative .
Very nice course, knowledgeable instructor
Great course to learn Python from scratch.
The best programming code I have ever seen
It was good experience solving problems...
Best course to begin your python journey .
I like it, entry level, easy to understand
Learn New Things in Python and Programming
Course was very challenging but was fun :)
Put together very well and easy to follow.
It's the best course I take online so far.
Amazing Course.Explore interesting things!
Fun course with good tasks and assignments
Very useful and easy to understand course.
Very thorough, I enjoyed the course a lot!
an excellent course, very well explained.
Awesome course,pretty helpful wooowhooo!!
Best course on online for learning Python
its very nice course ..and very intrested
Amazing course with challenging exercises
A really good course I learn a lot topics
Very good course to begin python journey!
One of the best course to improve skills.
i learned a lot of things in this course.
Definitely I would recommend this course!
It was a great and more confident subject
The learning progress was really amazing!
great course with really great knowledge.
Good course to learn the basics of Python
Great Course for beginners to start with!
It is a great course for a python coder .
very informative course and well designed
Best online course I have taken till date
Short course concepts in a beautiful way.
Excellent course to begin your IT career.
easy course talked about the foundamental
Its very wonderful and interesting course
Excellent ... feeling more confident now!
Fantastic Teaching skills, i learned alot
Fabulous course. Nice touch on the basics
JUST WONDERFUL! THANK YOU GUYS AT GOOGLE
awesome course and great set of examples
Could have used better help with Jupyter
Learning this course is really amazing!!
Found this well paced and easy to follow
I am still reviewing focused engagement.
It's a very good and interesting course.
Good introduction to the Python language
good course for basic learning of python
it was super cool and really interesting
thank you all, it was a great experience
Instructor taught us in a super fun way.
excellent course on python for beginners
Awesome course, interesting new concepts
Very effective python programming cours.
It was the best course ever I completed.
Course suitable for the first step.Nice!
Excellent on-line course! Thanks Google!
it is a great course to being the python
thats is great course of python for beg
Great for beginning a journey in Python
Great Python introduction and refresher
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. Thanks!
Great Course, Great exercises thank you
Very interesting i trought it was great
Really interesting and awesome content.
Brilliantly made and well guided course
Great crash course for learning Python!
great course for people learning python
It was very good experience with u all.
lots of thing to learn with this course
great course for learning python....^_^
Excellent course for Python programming
Great Learning and Hands on Experience.
best way to learn basic python concepts
Very well explained and simple to learn
A nice engaging and informative course.
Very well made, I enjoyed it. Thanks!!!
excellent and very easy for entry level
A quick but good introduction to Python
Tough but insightful. Thank you Google
Excellent course for Python beginners!
super awesome course with super expert
It was great and with great challenges
The best course of Python than i taked
A Best course on python for beginners.
A good course for beginners in python.
Fun Course! Very engaging, I loved it!
Instructor really explained very well.
Little difficult but intresting course
Very well organised and useful course.
Ii was great journey to Python Basics.
best python course for beginners ever!
Good Material, Learn...Learn and Learn
This is a solid introduction to Python
very interactive and quite interesting
It`s easy and you learn a lot python¡¡
Thank you Team Google for teaching us.
It was very good....Thank you so much.
I fall in love of trainer...really!!!.
Learnt alot of new methods Thank you!
Was nice experience in doing course.!
Really fun course with serious topics
I would highly recommend this course!
greatcoursedificultifnewtoprogramming
It was very good learning with google
Excellent to cover the Python basics!
you should write instructions clearly
Nice .very much informative sessions.
Amazing and incredible a great course
Great learning experience. Well done.
it was the ultimate experience really
was really a good learning experience
I really enjoyed learning this course
Good introduction to basics of Python
very good course for python beginners
Awesome tutorials for getting started
its a very nice course for beginners.
wonderful experience thank you all...
I love the way of teaching, thank you
very good content and amazing teacher
Nice course to strat Python scripting
It was a wonderfully designed course.
Very good Python Course for beginners
good course to learn basics of python
This course is really worth your time
Awesome course and practice material.
This was a great learning experiance.
It was a fantastic experience for me.
Good for beginners and intermediates.
It was a lil bit tough but I made it
Excellent course for Python learners
Very useful as a beginner programmer
good course for new and old learner.
Really superb course, I learnt a lot
It always practice. I do like it !!!
Great course with very good mentors.
LOved it.Very simple and intersting.
Nice course with excellent practice.
Really Challenging and tough course.
Great course!! Nice Learning Curve!!
Excellent intro to Python scripting
really tough and really insightfull
A great option for learning Python.
In a single word, "Understandable!"
Very educational and help you a lot
Very good explanation by Instructor
This course has brush up my skills.
Its an amazing course for begineers
A super course for python beginners
Great and helpful course by google.
Great course and loved the project!
Amazing course with smooth teaching
Awesome course for learning Python!
Outstanding introduction to python!
Thanks allot for the entire course!
cool and perfectly organized course
great course and excellent teacher
Thank you so much for this course!
Great course for Python beginners!
Good Starter for PYTHON Learner !!
Excellent Explanation of Concepts!
The best beginner course to Python
It is an amazing course. Thank you
Amazing work, content and trainer!
It's a great course for beginners!
Amazing course, start from scratch
Excellent beginning python course.
That's a great course for beginner
It's a great course for begginners
Really a real life type challenges
great course fun to learn . Thanks
This Course was amazing as newbie.
It was a hands down awesome course
It's very useful for our knowledge
Great beginners course for python.
nice knowledge gain by this course
Amazing Course. I love you Google!
One of the Best Courses out there!
This is how all courses should be.
One of the best instructor so far.
Pretty challenging. Full hands on.
Excellent & really well delivered!
Great online course I have joined.
Very informative & easy to follow
It really refreshed me on Python.
Amazing... a well designed course
Great Learning Experience So Far.
Instructor is Simply Brilliant...
Best course for python beginners.
Just hang in there, dont give up.
IT WAS GREAT TO LEARN WITH GOOGLE
great course, i had a lot of fun.
Superb learning with GOOGLE Team.
it's a great course for beginners
highly recommended! For Beginners
Great Course for Python Beginners
Excellent introduction to Python!
I am very inspired! Thanks a lot!
Thank you!It was a great course!
I really learned all the basics.
It was hard but it was worth it!
good course, thanksyou very much
A great beginning path to Python
awesome instructors and material
Best python course for beginners
Very Nice and structered course.
The teaching is engaging and fun
Amazingcours,learnsomuch,veryfun
Concepts are very well explained
Best Python course for beginners
Best python course for beginner.
Finally, I learned PYTHON !!!!!
Really amazing hands on course!
Brilliant course. Thanks a lot.
Great. It made programming easy
good.It is very helpfull for me
Teaching technics are very good
Awesome course!! learned a lot.
Best course to learn the Basics
Course instructor is very good.
this is very interesting course
its the best someone can expect
This crash course was brilliant
Great course, Thank you Google.
very intersting and challenging
The best instructor for Python!
Good course to learning Python.
I don't have words to thank you
Help everyone enjoy the course.
Simply awesome and the best!!!!
The best course as i never took
what an interesting assignments
really like the teaching style
Amazing Course to learn Python
Great Crash Course -- loved it
Really easy and good explained
The best tutor according to me
excellent course for beginners
amazing course to learn python
Amazing course for a beginner.
mentor is just hot and amazing
Awesome Course and instructor.
Excellent Quality of education
Wonderful!! and Interesting!!!
Really good for a crash course
Great Intro. course on Python.
I learned a lot really thanks!
Very Useful, very good so far.
that was a wonderful journey!
Great! this is what i need it
The instructor was brilliant!
Best and tricky python course
best ever learning experiance
good enough for a great start
This course was so amazing...
Awesome course for beginners.
An excellent intro to Python.
Great introduction to Python!
simply superb course to learn
Very fun and I learned a ton.
good introduction for Python.
It was a superb experience...
Awesome course learnt a lot!!
Amazing course for beginners!
very descriptive and thorough
very nice and engaging course
Great course!! Nice teacher!!
Good helped me to competitive
Best course on python so far!
A great comprehensive course
Good intro to python coding.
great course and challenging
This was tough but worth it!
Great Experience in Learning
Amazing course for beginners
Excellent Content. Thank you
The best course i have taken
Her knowledge was too good !
Easy to learn, Good support.
Nice it was very challenging
Exceptional way of teaching!
Nice course to learn python.
That was awesome experience.
Very well taught.  Loved it.
Really good!, easy to follow
Course content was excellent
A great refresher on Python.
Great course  thank so much
The instructor was awesome.
Great course for beginners.
Very Nice and useful Course
Excellent Quality of videos
it is great course to learn
I'll recommend this course.
Perfect for learning python
really very helpful course.
Very useful and interesting
Good Course, fantastic Host
wonderfully designed course
great course and experiance
It was amazing, thank you!!
It is well presented course
Perfect and on-point course
Such a knowledgable course.
covers all basics of python
It was a awesome experience
Nice way of presentation...
Lovely course to start with
Compact Course - Yet Useful
Very interested course !!!!
Really it is a cool course.
Very well formatted course!
One of the Excellent Course
Great course for  begginers
Awesome job guys! thank you
Good introduction to python
nice content to start with
Python With Google  =  Fun
Extraordinary and amazing!
It's Amazing for beginner.
I really liked this course
course was easy to pick up
i really like this course!
Great course and material!
Wow, That's a great course
awesome learning by google
Really enjoyed This course
Great learning experience!
Great course I enjoyed it.
It was a great experience.
really fun and informative
Truly nice and best course
Good Fast paced Course!!!!
It was an amazing journey.
Best and full of knowledge
that's perfect for beginer
my experience was great...
great learning. thank you.
thanks google and coursera
I really love this course.
The final task is awesome!
Its really helpful for me
the best course by Python
very good intro to Python
She's a great instructor!
It was a great experience
Really interesting course
Good interactive course!!
actually a great course..
Great Introductory Course
this was awesome to learn
It was an awesome course.
Fast, simple and complete
Best for python learning!
Really really good course
great course for beginner
it was really nice course
Very challenging and fun!
great materials to learn
nice learning experience
It was a great teaching!
Great course on Coursera
Thank you so much Google
best course for beginers
It was a nice Experience
I loved this course alot
This course is excelent.
Very Interesting course.
thank you for the course
was the best ever i seen
A must for the beginners
that was a great content
It was a great journey .
Really loved this course
Had a awesome experience
Great course , love it .
Python Blast. Brilliant.
The best online course .
great! I do love python!
Great course recommended
Thank you! Very helpful!
This course was awesome
It was good and awesome
Outstanding Experience!
Great platform to learn
Very Interesting Course
easy and well explained
Naaice and informative.
Very nice explanations!
Amazing course! Thanks!
It's an awesome course.
Very interactive course
Nicely explained course
I Enjoy lot this Course
Indeed, a great course.
Awesome!! Learned loads
Best knowledge to learn
Great class. Thank you!
Good tutorial of phyton
Thanks for the journey
It was good experience
has useful information
this was nice tutorial
Christine Amazing work
Python programming....
DAM NICE AND PRACTICAL
Great Course by Google
A well designed course
great one learnt a lot
Really Amazing content
A great course in all.
It was really awesome.
Its wonder full course
very cool and usefull!
it was awesome for me.
The course is the best
course was preety good
course is just awesome
too good for learners.
This was just awesome!
Good Structured course
Great beginner course!
Extremely challenging!
It is simply awesome.
Itwasanicerefresher:)
very interesting!!...
Good intro to Python!
Enjoyed the course !!
Thanks you instructor
Very nice experience.
Nice course in Python
Great Start on Python
Course  was excellent
very very nice course
Nice and basic course
I admire the teachers
A course worth doing!
Really good course!!!
Awesome Course Grade!
This course is great.
the course was superb
Course was very good.
Very nice content and
this lesson is great。
Its simply amazing!!
Very nice the course
"The course is cool"
Amazing for Begineer
It was a good course
The best one course.
it's awesome course.
Keep up the Learning
It really helped me!
Perfect Crash Course
Good to start off!!!
Awesome training kit
BEst of BeST Course
This is good course
Really nice course!
From nothing to 100
Fun and informative
instructor is great
Fun and functional!
Highly recommending
Its really awesome.
Fun and Interactive
Very Good Content!!
Was a great journey
very clear and easy
I like this course.
Awesome thank you!!
Very Helpfull to me
Great introduction.
The course is good
Its good for basic
it was pretty nice
its really amazing
Great experiences!
Very  Informative!
It is simply best.
recommended course
good python cource
Amazing !!! course
Highly recommended
Very good course !
Wonderfull course.
brush up knowledge
It's a good course
Good Python Course
I really loved it.
a very good course
what a good course
Very nice course!
Thank you so much
An Amazing Course
Great instructor!
very nice course!
Awesome Refresher
good explanation.
Very instructive.
i love this couse
It was super fun!
amazing course...
awesome course...
Good first step !
Enjoy it so much!
this was amazing
Great instructor
awesome teaching
Best.That's all.
Great Course!!!!
Awesome Tutorial
python is love!!
loved the course
Awesome course !
Learning was fun
New age learning
Actually helpful
IT IS VERY GOOD
Its very Good .
Amazing course.
Awesome course!
Very worthwhile
Great course !!
its very useful
Very intuitive!
Simply Superb !
It was great!!!
Good and useful
About time too!
really amazing
Greate course!
Just Powerful!
It was amazing
Perfect Course
Highly useful.
Awosome Course
no word I have
A Great course
Great Content!
Really great!
Recommended!!
Enjoyed a lot
Loved it...:)
Just Awesome
Good Courses
its awesome!
That's great
Thank you :)
Good Course!
So helpfull
It was nice
Loved It 💚
great couse
nIce and ez
Tip top!!!
It's cool.
Brilliant!
Thank You!
its aight
Thankfull
its great
Thumbs Up
LOVED IT!
Nice UwU
its good
very int
so easy.
worth it
Awsome!
owesome
Awsome
easy
