Unfortunately I have to rate this course rather low due to the nature of the labs. The information and the instructor were great and deserve a 5 star rating. Cindy was very well spoken and knowledgable about the topics that were covered. I'm not sure who has a stake in Qwiklabs (if anyone at all), but the labs that you are required to take as part of the quizzes for this particular course are just flat out poorly implemented. To begin with, for several weeks I was unable to participate in the labs - often having to wait 24-72 hours just to get in at all. I was continually getting the "Due to overwhelming response" error. There was no possible way that all of the labs were "full" constantly around the clock for days on end. This error persisted for around 2 weeks. I am paying $50 a month for this service, and to me, this error is unacceptable. Then there was the issue of labs not recognizing the tasks that were completed. For some of the labs the "fix" to this issue was waiting up to 30 minutes just to begin them to ensure the VM instance was fully loaded. This is another unacceptable error for a service I'm paying a lot of money for. The idea and the concept of the labs running through a VM instance is brilliant, but the implementation of these labs through the Qwiklabs portal was without a doubt a fumble on somebody's part, and quite frankly based on this one course alone I could not recommend anyone to sign up for the Google IT certificate unless the Qwiklabs issues would be rectified.
Lecturer was terrible! So far the worst experience I have had in this certificate. This person would even bore the dead. Not to mention the whole plan of the course: it was chaotic, jumping from easy tasks to more complicated without enough explanation being done and some points were just awful. The best thing you can do here is to just read transcript below video and read, read and once again read additional materials. You will hardly learn anything here. The only good thing were two last labs, but they were grade with 0% weight value.
Great course spoiled by the Qwicklab system.Could not get graded even several attempts. There is an obvious issue as many students complain about Qwicklab issue for several months.
Final lab exercise is so vague and buggy. Stock at 20/50. Kindly revise the end lab exercise.
First of all, this course has many improvement points I want to share, along with the reason why the course is just horrible and misleading. It was a manifold of sensations, feeling  in "Sesame Street" is most flattering thing I could ever say about this course. The course is focused on IT Support Specialist role development, that being said I don't consider useful to learn how to create a folder in windows. Google guys, please. The topics are poorly designed, basically I would expect more accurate examples of real components when explaining tricky concepts. The instructor demonstrated that she doesn't have much experience on Linux topics and some operating systems related terms; for example, she totally ignores that Linux has a versioning system whereas the entire kernel is not always updated, uses the term "Archive" to call out both archive and compression formats (which is not the same), makes up a misleading distinction between DPKG and APT (package management part), and knows only monolithic kernels (it's worth mentioning micro kernels as well, don't you think?). The last thing I wanted to add, please, explain a concept before introducing it (yes, we were using Windows PowerShell commands to later realize that they are called "CMDLETS"). Guys, this is my sincere review, I am interested in the certificate from Google after the 5 courses, and just finished suffering this course. Thanks!
I am in week 5 of this course and not only have I contacted "support" (there is no number so you have to submit a ticket), who will email you from about 5 different people telling you how to "troubleshoot" the problem and insist that YOU are doing the qwiklabs wrong, only to have you're labs marked as Incomplete until after the weekly "due date". this has happened 3 weeks in a row, you have to threaten to not pay for the course for any action what-so-ever to happen. its a joke
Broken labs with confusing instructions and literally zero way to ask for help. Help center is broken. I've resorted to using the forums to get through assignments. This is one of the worst online courses I have ever taken.
your lab is beyond stupid, how smart people like you made so many stupid mistakes, only answer is that you are ignorant and greed, you deserve to die as a company
The promise you upon completion you will be given the option to advertise your certificate to various companies. That is not true. I finished and got the certificate after completing all the 6 courses for about 5months. There is no option to make your certificates accessible to the suppose companies folks. It is a goose chase. Don't fall for it
There is not enough time to pass the last 2 labs!! Ridiculous! And I mentioned this previously to try and get Help Support, but Help Support does not respond.
Issues with Quicklabs not letting tasks be completed on time, otherwise the course material is taught at a suitable pace and clarity. Do not join this course
Videos are useful, labs are useless, poorly set up, and don't work most of the time. I am thinking twice about paying for this course.
i am so sorry to say, but this course did not had a logical structure, the instructions where all scramble up, it was really difficult to understand and follow. I could hardly understand what she was explaining, the video capture at some instances, were so small and at the end of the video page, so sometimes i could not see was she was written in the command prompt at the velocity of the speed. That's other point, ,she writes so quickly and hits enter, and does not allow  to study or copy the command, iAh, in the written part of the video, it was all a soup of letters, so i could not copy the commands either. So, you now how I learn? trough the outside test instruction, that when I learn something. you can even check my response, straight to the test and in week 6, I did not even saw the videos directly to the test. this course need to be revised and structure like the other courses before this one. a lot of material, all scramble up, with out structure. So sad. :(
The labs on Windows never work well and the weight of the grades is completely repatriated in a week and a half of a total of 6 weeks. Probably an error that nobody has reviewed and so it seems no one will revise in the future. I have the feeling that once the courses are designed nobody reviews or worries about the problems that are in them. For the price we pay students, at least there should be someone reviewing these things.
I rate this course as the worst one yet, NOT because of the topics, instructor or even exam, but because of the horrible problem with the Finally LABS. This has been documented for over a year on the messages board, and Coursera, Google nor qwikLab have done NOTHING to address the issue. I think it a sign of disrespect to the students effort, time and money put towards improving their knowledge. I am disappointed with all three parties, how can you teach a course on IT , and NOT get your system corrected !
This is one of the worst courses I have ever taken. And it's not bad due to the classes or topics or even due to being a hard course, but because they have chosen to use the WORST grading tools. They almost never work and when they work (not often) you are not even properly graded, missing half the score and other problems like that. This means that you are forced to get on the tool again and pray for it to work (it won't) and hope you can finally get the right grade.
1) I had a horrible time accessing the qwiklabs. Then when I finally pass them and received emails confirming my achievement. I go back to course outline and Coursera said I did not complete yet.2) Instructions/lessons learning the different commands on three different platforms was very quick and in my opinion does not allow the audience to fully digest material and develop individual skills sets.
Great content, and great teacher but unfortunately the windows lab ruined it of for me. They never work I spent days re-doing them. Please fix it since I believe that this could be a great class. Unfortunately, this class is not for me I am extremely frustrated with course so I am quitting. I just hope I can get my money back since all the work I putted in has no value without the certificate.
Rife with technical errors preventing grading to parse correctly, as well as certain modules failing to load (windows) or have the correct PPK (linux via PuTTY).Fantastic information in the course.  Horribly frustrating to get it to register as complete.  Had to email support multiple times to get them to just give me credit for a busted lab.
The labs are ridiculous! The one for Linux is the worst! I had to do it multiple times and even though I completed all of the requested steps, I only received 80%. I will not recommend this course anybody because of the labs.
no stars. all the labs following the guide , is it all correctly but the progress mark it never works, it keep it showing zero marks. Waste of time as I don't get the certificate course as  I completed it.
Horrible, this course apart from Linux is pretty bad. Unlike the others the instructor doesn't seem to be interested in teaching and the exercises are so vague and simple, not challenging at all.
Quicklabs is not verifying my process even though I have completed the given task. Due to this, I cannot pass the quiz and cannot submit my assignment.
The course was very enlightening but the issue with Qwiklab not syncing the grades properly made this course not enjoyable.
The Linux stuff is pretty good, but the Windows tasks are far too remedial. Also, the grading doesn't work half the time.
Labs are horribly run by Qwiklabs with poor response and function.  I wish Google had run this program.
The instructor and material were great. Qwiklabs dropped the ball and ruined the entire experience.
Qwiklabs doesn't work for this course so I'm unable to complete this course and my certificate.
it sucks that there is noone to contact to fix a problem.im verry disatisfied.
Cannot get grades to update. How are we to learn if the courses are broken?
This have being such a frustrating experience nothing is working correctly
unable to complete qwiklabs - no access once I upload the VM instances
most of the labs were buggy and I had to troubleshoot a lot.
Very poorly made last labs at the end of the course.
it wont record my score i need customer service
The labs were terrible in this course.
The lab's not work. Please fix it.
The labs don't work as intended.
terrible qwiklabs tech issue
Not help on any lab
There isn't much exercise material. There's nothing provided to help iron in all the things taught in these lessons, and there is A LOT of material. Which mean most of what you teach is just in one ear and out the other. And the stuff you did teah is so horridly taught. You can't just be like, "Oh by the way, this concept exists and you should know about it. Here's a link to wikipedia with hours of text" Because if we wanted to read wikipedia entries to learn all this we'd find a study and google it ourselves. We're paying YOU to teach US what we need to know. Don't just give us "the basics". Furthermore, you say you want us to run and write these commands down with you but a lot of times you barely, and I mean BARELY give us enough time to even pause the video to look at the full command. Speaking of which, you need to break down the commands for us. This is a BEGINNERS course. When you need to tell us what the structure of a command is. You can't just give us a command like "sudo dd if=/devsdd of=~/desktop/" and not break it down. If the videos are 10 to 20 minutes long who cares? Because I personally spent well over a hour on a lot of videos reading up on the topics you so terribly covered.
Many of the QuikLabs instances in this lesson will make you want to tear your eyes out. You will likely need to open and close each final lab 2 or 3 times to get it to run the way it needs to in order to be scored. Once you get it to run, your instructions may be VERY vague. This isn't a problem, except the grading algorithm is VERY SPECIFIC, and needs tasks to be executed in ONE of the 4,000 ways each of us knows how to complete any given OS task. (Week 6 Linux portion tells you [sudo] commands are required for _____ reason. The Windows instance gives no such advice, and thus you spend an hour or more bumbling around what would normally be a 10 minute chore list) If anything, the lesson here was "If you work in IT, don't set up a program like this."
The course work that led up to the final exams did not adequately prepare me for the final Labs/Exams.  None of the videos or ancillary readings exposed me to what the exams would require to successfully complete them. I'm not saying that you should teach the test, but the course wok should expose the students to what they will be doing in the final Labs.  The Support Team personnel were fantastic; they were most helpful and knowledgeable, and I was glad that they were there to help.
This course is a waste of money! I feel like I just was cheated out of $100 bucks. With the large amount of bugs and errors in the information and during graded assessments, this course should be free or refunded. Sad way to take money from highly interested and committed customers. Deserves no stars.
too many sessions for each week....teacher was packing too much of information in each lesson.She should organize her lessons into two distinct category: windows OS & Linux.She is jumping from one operating system to another.....super confusing to me!!!
Just 2 stars - didnt think it was a good idea to mix windows and linux together - didnt do any favours to me . Didnt connect with the teacher and struggled to take in all information . Boring !Not enough practical - qwick lab good but not enough time .
The labs are absolutely broken. I can't finish the course because I can't pass 3 of the labs because the instructions are not working with the lab or the score doesn't update when activities are completed. I'm paying for this for some reason.
Of all the courses, this one was by far the worst.  From the presenter to the 2 final labs, I enjoyed all of the courses BUT this one.
good speaker but the back and forth of linux and windows is confusing. The Quiklabs for this course are horrible and glichy
the last linux test is impossible to complete and the course does not provide the resources to complete it properly.
The graded modules at the end are actually broken and don't have all the content you need to complete them.
Labs are completely broken, links are incorrect, wont give completions or grades on completed assignments.
Terribly presented and organized. Equivalent to watching poorly produced Youtube videos.
This is a very hard and suitable for beginners. The labs do not work properly at all.
I do not feel that this course adequately prepared me for being a power user.
the second 2nd week windows powershell does not work , iam really sad
continually have problems with with the lab portions of this course
Instructions for qwiklabs are very unclear
why can't I un-enroll this class?
Cindy is not a good instructor
Terrible labs, great teachers.
I have stopped taking some classes for this particular course twice, because it was not serving the best interest for becoming an effective power user. It is giving you an overview of what it feels like to be a power user, but the practices are hardly there. I felt particularly weird that after I painstakingly note all the highlights of the classes for each week, the virtual practical was just giving you line by line instructions on how to solve the problems.I guess I don't even have to pay attention of what I learned and just follow the instructions to pass the weekly requirement. This is possibly some of the most important things for someone to handle well when they become a technical support specialist.For those command lines that requires some BASH basics- I have to take BASH and other classes on Safari(O'Reilly) to bolster my understanding in the area. Every time the instructor tells you "you don't need to know ...", it is actually BETTER for you to know more. I can't remember why I write certain commands unless I understand WHAT they were originated from, why was it there. It was very interesting once I got to know the origins of these commands.If the presenter is more comfortable at slides and screen recordings being shown while she gives lectures, PLEASE let her do so MOST OF THE TIME. Not everyone is a natural in front of the camera, and it was painful to watch her to stare at the camera and reading the lines that she clearly does not feel comfortable doing so. Every time I realize I have to stare at the video and see her deliver the lines painfully, I became more discouraged to continue the course. She's a natural at sharing her command walk-through, so let her do what she knows the best.I recommend this class to people who 1) got paid to attend this class; 2) never seen a Command Prompt being shown; 3) just want to know about this, not using this to work towards a serious professional path.
I've learnt a LOT and the command line prompt is so fascinating. Specially for Linux. I enjoyed plenty to write some words and with those, be able to: navigate through my system and processes, delete, create, write, change permissions, search files, partition disks, format them, read archives, remove, install, update dependencies and programs and so much more!! If I could provide any constructive criticism would be: videos are way too short and abundant. I prefer watching a 20- minute video which explains EVERYTHING I need to know than watching 10 videos of 2 minutes. I hated the supplemental readings so much. It's the teacher's job to teach us. I REALLY don't mind if you give me a hard time or tell me to read a lot of additional info to construct my own knowledge; but in order to do that, you need to teach me the rock-solid basics and show me your passion for what you're teaching. Otherwise, it becomes boring, dull and mechanical, like with Cindy's lectures. It was painful to be in such a slow pace with very easy stuff that could be wrapped in half of the time. Also, for the "most complicated things", like automation or adding a lot of flags for increasing the specificity of the commands, she didn't even explained them. The lectures could be improved if you teach with fun-facts, with simplicity and specificity at the same time, teaching with... energy. Still enjoyed what I learnt here, though.
The Qwiklab assessments don't work and are a requirement to pass this part of the course...The learning material is straight forward, but without the Q labs assessment working there is no safe place to experiment and actually fully understand how the things that you've learnt are implemented on a computer manually and physically. Hopefully they fix this problem in the future as this is important part of learning and assessing ones knowledge of the work done. It's not acceptable that these assessments are not able to be completed just because someone didn't test whether the Labs work or not. I'm doing these courses not only because its a pre-requisite to my studies, I'm also doing it because its my passion in life. Computers, Design, Programming, its all that I think of everyday...and the fact that these assessments don't work really is disappointing.
Pros- There is a lot of good stuff in between the massive amounts of bleh in this course.Cons - This course isn't very engaging, and suffers in the lesson the student doesn't have a matching machine. Puts too much pressure on the student during graded assignments, which already take too long to download and some don't even work properly (mostly the Windows ones). Suggestions - Make more of the course (working) Qwiklabs. The material in this course you don't learn properly if you're not using it yourself. Not all students have either a Windows or a Linux OS, let alone both, and the Labas are there only practice.
Command Line is a special form of torture. And anyone who says that they like it are clearly masochistic. That being said, the course content was fine. I especially like the parts about permissions and killing rogue processes. But I had a TERRIBLE time with the labs. Not because the content being tested was too difficult; but because the scoring of lab activities consistently had problems. There was big latency lags, finicky VM Instances with the Windows RDC, and many times, I had to start a lab over due to incomplete scoring. What a huge waste of time!  It made completing each module stressful and unpleasant.
I was looking forward to this course and was very disappointed.  The structure of the course was very confusing and chaotic.  I wasn't sure why we were being taught how to create a folder, this seemed like a very basic "user" task.  When the instructor was demonstrating processes in PowerShell or Linux, she sped through the commands so quickly that I would usually have to play the video over several times. This is such an important course in the certificate that I strongly suggest google revisit the content and the instructor.
I honestly cannot recommend this course due to its reliance on qwiklabs every week. I was left dreading the assessments because qwiklabs would crash, run slow, not save my work, and sometimes just not work at all. I was in contact with the qwiklabs tech support team without and it was just frustrating. The labs should have been fixed before this course was released to students. It costs a lot of money to take this course and the quality of the labs is just not good enough.
Honestly, the linux instances were great. The windows RD is trash unfortunately. Eventually i figured out the issue, however. I reported the bug and the workaround, posted to the forum and hopefully it worked for everyone else. I still have two final assignments on week 6 but this course was a slog. I attempted some of the assignment 14 times, zendesk on the qwiklabs side is absolute trash. coursera support was phenomenal however.
Our instructor WAS MOST DEFINATELY NOT AN INSTRUCGTOR.  SHE WAS PULLED OFF AN ASSIGNMENT AND GIVEN THIS AS AN ASSIGNMENT.  I can say this because I was an English Teacher for almost 40 years. I can spot someone who knows how to keep the attention of the class and someone who is simply reading off a script.  I give our instructor points for trying but most definitely as an Instructor she gets a D-.
Most of this course was just copying and pasting code into powershell. I wish there were more opportunities to practice writing the code for the simple navigation. There was not enough repetition of this process to get familiar with all of the commands, thus making the last lab one of the worst of the entire course.
Lots of good- accurate- but useless information. I have been a Desktop Support Tech since 2002 and have never needed to use Powershell or Command prompts to this level. For small to mid-level companies....this is WAY to much. Your basic front line support help desk guy will never use this information....esp Linux.
ALL LINUX should be presented together rather than zigzagging around. For this course final on LINUX ~ 1 hour is insufficient. No way to pause & work accomplished is lost after the hour & it just takes longer ~ I'm sure most students come to the class without much or any LINUX background.
Weird combo of tasks. Some way to simple for someone aspiring to become a 1st level sys-admin. Then followed up by insanely complicated tasks that I know (after 30 years in IT, often as a hiring manager), no one entry level will *ever* use!
This is one of the most important courses and I feel it was ran through way too fast and unorganized. The content IN it is very good and important but you'll want to do a LOT of research outside of Coursera for a more solid understanding.
Please, update the labs. Most labs had examples that were completely different then the examples. I was stuck on certain labs in the course for days because the VM's were not working, examples said to do things it wouldn't let me do, ext.
Cindy's reading and speech were a major distraction in this course. Also, the heavy reliance on Quicklabs was disappointing. I'm not able to utilize the Quicklabs on the pc I'm using, as it's not my own.  Quizzes should be sufficient.
Great idea, but this course needs to give us more to practice. When the tests came up in week 6 I had no idea what i was doing. We need to be taught the logic of how to structure a command and where to find commands we do not know.
Though the course had very useful topics, I thought the presenter was too fast sometimes. Also, most of the time external material was referred to be read. I thought the course could have been more indepth in material.
As a macOS user it was super frustrating and bit boring to listen two everything repeated twice (once for Windows and then again for Linux) but never for the OS I actually work in.
Very basic stuff. The course can be helpful for more experienced people but not a ton. Had tons of problems with the labs in this course not getting graded.
Although the course material was decent, the labs were broken beyond repair and that caused me a significant amount of frustration, thus my 2-star rating.
I feel like there is a better way of breaking down and showing syntax. I'd prefer a "glossary" of Linux/Windows commands to accompany this course.
The lab projects are weak, Chrome RDP for the Windows labs does not work at all. I am falling short on deadlines due to this technical difficulty.
Most of the information was OK, but throughout the entire course, the labs were a mess. The course should be free until the labs actually work.
Very hard to keep up with. There needs to be more attention to the Linux base of the course. A lot of it you have to learn on your own.
The Qwiklabs labs for this class have a lot of quirks and grading anomalies if it weren't for those, this would be an excellent course.
eh... Its all about commands, and You'll need to make exact notes because the end test is pretty tricky without notes. (handwritten)
Had to repeat a lot of labs even though I just did the same thing twice. Whatever is checking the VMs for completion isn't reliable
Compare to first two this one lack lot of things. If this course had more interactive it would be way better
The Windows and Linux instances were not easy to understand, they in fact were rather confusing.
The information is pretty basic, but the labs and assignments did not work properly.
A not entirely help hash out of basic scripts. Save major money on an Udemy course.
Most of the labs were very buggy. They were very frustrating to work through.
There are problems with the labs that require some research on the forums.
By learning this much only we can't become an expert in OS.Not satisfied
wish there were more interactive labs with the linux
Does not prepare you for the final linux lab!!
where is a mentor at for the linux logs
Qwiklabs won't let me pass this course.
would like more help to navigate labs
i found it very boring
This course covered lots of information.  However, it would be nice if the labs And graded assessments were somewhat interactive. What I mean is that it should ask students to complete some tasks based on the topic covered and not show them exactly how to do it.  But, if they get stuck stuck they can click on the hint button or something to help they move forward.  I feel that this course is defini Very important and sometimes Cindy was going through super fast with commands she was typing.  Lastly, if students are using Putty for Qwiklabs, then all of the course material should be shown in that instead of in Linux GUI.
I had trouble with the last two quizzes and now I can't go back to take them because I exceeded the times for taking the test. Now I can't get all 5 certificates for taking all the courses the only thing I didn't pass were two quizzes which I didn't understand and I needed help with them and couldn't get any help.
Good course, one must be willing to dig in much deeper on the subjects as they are discussed very briefly.
It was very dense and could have been two courses.  I am experience GUI user and haven't worked in Linux or PowerShell and the pace felt overwhelming. The instructor was very intelligent and very experienced; I just wished the course was geared to beginners in writing commands.  I felt like she would gloss over REALLY important things and spend time on things that were important but not vital to building a solid foundation of knowledge. she would switch back and forth between Windows and Linux muddying (in my mind) which commands were used in each.  I know that there is a quite a bit of overlap but I think that I would have found it more helpful to focus on one and then focus on the other one.  Also, if she could have paused to let the viewer see the command that she was writing before hitting enter which in most cases made the command disappear. The transcript wasn't helpful with the grammar of the commands.  The readings would have been more helpful if the foundation of concepts had been established better.I also had issue with the labs: Weeks 1-5 were too easy, where the answers were  given to you and then in Week 6, you were basically on your own.  I first weeks needed to be more challenging before giving you barely any instruction on Week 6's labs.  In Week 6's labs, it would have been nice to have feedback on which ones were completed correctly and which ones needed more study.
like all the courses i had a lot of trouble just accessing the linux lab with my chromebook. The instructions are incomplete in the labs and led to countless hours spent with help desk staff just trying to enter or setup the lab.....ultimately the solution was very simple but after countless hours, trying six or seven times just trying to get either cloudshell or secureshell up and running to do a simple lab, a helpdesk person gave me a simple bit of information which had i known a month ago could have saved me hours of headaches. The course was ok but i found the instructor would just breathe past command lines too quickly, moving on before i could really absorb what she was saying. A bit more explanation and a slower pace at times would have been helpful. Also a bit more explanation of the spacing in command lines would have been nice. She often typed commands without explaining why or how to place flags., the need to space everything correctly.
Too many things were glossed over very quickly. There were many topics where there were multiple solutions to an issue and one or two options were given but more were suggested by the instructor saying " there are other ways but we'll talk about them in a later course" only for them never to be brought up again. Very heavy preference was given to explaining topics in Windows PowerShell, and granted most companies do rely on them more than Linux or macOS machines but to spend 90% of the time on Windows and then get the "it works the same way on Linux" and macOS ignored I find dismissive. With more companies switching away from Windows based IT due to higher IT support costs, I find it a bit narrow minded to take this approach. I still do find the course informative and am glad to be apart of the program.
I really had a lot of difficulty with the labs especially the last linux lab in the course. I'm not sure if it's just that I am new to using command line or if they are actually not very instructional, although I have read about others in the forum having trouble with them. All in all even though I was having trouble with them it made me work in the CLI more so maybe it's good? I did end up passing. It however was not an enjoyable experience and made me dislike using linux CLI so I think that should be looked at because I do think the unpleasantness came from the labs and the instructions not from using linux. I get that the last lab was meant for us to figure it out on our own but I think it could use more guidance.
While I do like challenges and this course definitely presented one, I felt as though more detailed instructions and/or interactive labs instead of the usual quiz would help people gain a much better understanding. Supplemental readings on the various command lines in PowerShell and Linux can be overwhelming and I know many people struggled with the final tests. I am hopeful that the course administrators will someday utilize the virtual machines more so that you can effectively practice alongside what is being presented to you in the videos. Overall, I'm glad I was able to make it through with persistence!
Good course, very technical; almost a little too technical due to its overall lack of context. It was all quite interesting, but it was difficult finding the jumping off point at course two where the content picked up in course three...there seemed to be some kind of in-between course missing.Also, the weekly qwiklabs would do better to build off each other while repeating more knowledge over again (i.e. week one = task A; week two = tasks A and B; week three = tasks A, B, and C, etc.) , than just jumping from topic to topic with a large wrap-up of everything at the end.Best,John Marshall
A pretty nice introductory course to the Linux OS, terminal and Windows PowerShell/other admin utilities!Nothing is particularly difficult if you have been exposed to basic troubleshooting in either of these systems for some time.Some of the labs are a little clunky and mostly just review what you just watched the instructor do, rather than explore deeper into the principles. That is to say, they don't really push the boundaries of your knowledge. They are still good learning exercises if you're not the type to usually "follow along" with learning videos.
I learned a lot in this course but it was very hard to see what the instructor was typing into the command line much of the time. Sometimes she read the command aloud and that helped a lot. Other times I had to pause, rewind, pause, and repeat several times to catch the command. This is especially true for Linux. I also found that most of the commands ended up being useless in regards to the tests and final. I ended up just googleling how to do what the tests asked me to do and then using those commands instead because the course ones didn't work.
It was OK.  The Windows labs frankly made it a pretty miserable experience.  From logging in frustrations to actual frustrations with the way the labs failed constantly.  I realize that this is an entry level course but it seemed like most of the meat of the course was in the readings and not covered in the lectures.  It really should be labelled Becoming a Basic Problem Solver not a power user.  I enjoy these courses but this one, not so much.
Useful information that was taught fine, but the labs made the learning process seem frustrating. You'd learn a lot of useful information in the lectures, but when you reached the labs, it was normally something simple, like creating a folder or moving a file. It didn't help that the labs themselves were frustratingly broken at times. Starting a 60 minute lab and not being able to access it for ten minutes was very, very annoying.
Some of the labs were difficult to understand at first. Tried talking to my dad for clarification. Then I turned to the web and looking back at some of the labs to understand what to do. Still got lost and checked around again. Found what needed to be done. But in the end, got everything else done. Overall, I would say make the instructions in all the labs more clearer. Otherwise people will get lost and not know what to do next.
The Qwiklabs!!! they can be the worst. So much wasted time to try and get those things to get scores correct. They give you an hour or more to do the lab but it takes like 30 mins to get the lab setup. You have to sit and wait for the VM to load all the content and sometimes they are missing content. so if you start this course look at the forums before each lab and see what others are doing to get the passing scores
Enjoying this course, but it is badly let down by the graded assignments. None of the Qwiklabs work very well at all. You can see from the forums that so many people have the same issues over and over again but nothing appears to be done about it. It tells you you've failed, even though you know you had 100% and if you close Coursera down and log back in, it's changed to a pass. It causes untold grief.
The instructor goes way too fast.  Tell us when you are including a space, a forward slash vs. a backslash.   Too many times a command is typed in before we can even grasp it.  Slow it down, because the only way for us to get this material is to continuously stop the video and take notes.   The opinion from the instructor is "if you don't get it you can watch it again."  That seems rather cavalier.
The entire course is great, except for the Lab in Week 6.  The concept was a great one, allowing the user to figure out how to solve the problems, however, the testing method with the qwiklabs didn't seem to work like they should.  The qwiklab support was great, they answered my emails immediately and I appreciated that.  Overall, the course was above average, but the last lab was frustrating.
This one seemed to skip a bit of important details at times (like exactly what was being typed on the screen and why). Also, the resolution did not always allow one to see clearly the commands being typed and the transcript was not always accurate. Ms. Quach occasionally typed something that she didn't say aloud so you couldn't see it on the screen or read it in the transcript.
Though I did learn quite a bit about command lines in PowerShell and Bash. I wish the presentation of the videos was a lot better. I would recommend placing greater focus on the commamd line interface than the instructor, and to display it a greater resolution.  I would also like to see a greater emphasis on explaining the details and functions of the command lines as well.
I've done a few Google courses and this one seemed to have the most problematic labs.  Perhaps it's something to do with having so many subscribers, but --- rightly or wrongly --- the bad experiences tend to be the ones you remember the most.  I also felt that this course was over-reliant on the message "we won't cover it, but take a look at the attached reading".
I only gave it 3 stars because the content was not that interesting to me (I preferred the networking course, and am looking forward to the security one).  It was also 3 stars because of all the trouble and time wasted with Qwiklabs not working properly.  They need to scrap that platform and start over.  I would have been done with this course a long time ago.
Final exam on Windows need to be fixed. Because last task does not have enough information to perform it. Mean "Fix permissions" need to be done for specific file \ folder and there also lots of permissions to change. What exact task, I do not know?! Need to be magician to guess... (Linux final exam has enough info. and I passed it on 100%.
Sometimes brushed over details for command line parameters and arguments. The Qwiklabs wasted a lot of time due to glitches and errors because they had to be completed yet sometimes lacked required content or wouldn't load. The lecture videos were sometimes awkward/unnatural but did get across the point and provided good content.
I'm not sure how much I actually learned in this course and the labs were INCREDIBLY buggy. I think other future users would appreciate more consideration being put into the labs and testing into them prior to distribution. Additionally, I think having the videos mask the true lab experience would be helpful.
Other than issues with the labs the course was informative. I believe if the lab content got better later on in the course yet the labs all had the same issue.  Would sometimes have to redo them in order for work to get graded by the system.  It's the boat anchor of this series of courses so far.
Have discussed at length with customer support regarding the final two labs for week 6. These seemed embarrassed at the situation and were as helpful as can be but the developers failed to thoroughly test and validate that the instructions (when there were any instructions) actually worked.
I feel instruction was lacking regarding methods for updating programs for both Windows and Linux.  For this reason, I was unable to fully complete the final labs.  Additionally, the labs state there is a support tab, which I also could not find, in order to get support for these labs.
I'm sure it was previously discussed, but I found it confusing to constantly bounce between windows and linux procedures.  I believe it would have been much easier to focus on Windows, work through the entire curriculum, then, once completed, focus on Linux through the same curriculum.
Could really use a lot more interactive, hands-on modules throughout the course so that the student can get a real grasp on the concepts and execution of the material. I would highly recommend more labs, preferably one or two immediately following each lecture on new material.
This coursework was segmented so that we went back and forth from Linux to Windows.  The instruction seemed choppy when using this approach.  I understand comparing the OS's, but perhaps finish explaining a full process or function in one OS before moving to the next.
The assessment tool used for the course is buggy, unreliable, and often difficult to access, requiring multiple attempts just to get it to work.  Considering this is how you pass the course, this is a critical issue.   It was an issue in course one as well.
I felt like it left something to be desired in the assignments. also some things that we were told to do was not clearly covered in the course material. I know that It is also a self learning environment but a bit of better direction would be appreciated.
I learned a lot of valuable information about running commands in Windows and Linux, but the Quiklab tool was difficult to use at times. I had to complete an assignment twice ti receive a grade even thought I made a 100% on my first attempt.
I liked the labs.  The labs gave me hands on experience.  The labs allowed me to verify if I accomplished my objectives instantly.  I learned more utilizing youtube instructional videos than I did watching the instruction provided.
The course started out really great, but when it came to the final assessment and their Qwiklabs things started to fall apart. In the end I was able to learn how to navigate both the Linux and Windows Operating systems like a boss.
I thought that there was way too many times of. 'We won't be covering it in here, check the suplemental reading', I kind of hoped for better explanations on some topics :( All in all I guess it was a good overview for us though.
Connection from my computer to your servers were slow and so I did not realize that the test results were excepted on your end.  It kept giving 0 points on my end when I clicked the green score square. In the end it worked.
It was difficult to complete the work in the allotted time.  The transcripts helped.  I wish I had noticed that these were available earlier.  I suggest a quick start module outlining the features of this course.
I've never been more frustrated with a test. I knew what I was doing, but I feel it had to be to the standards that you taught. There is more than one way to skin a cat, but the result should still be the same.
I loved this course don’t get me wrong! But I think there needs to be some more hands on work. I thought I was doing very well until I reached the very last quizzes or tests, they were very difficult for me.
Not the best one of the courses, a little dry. Glad for the hands on labs though. They are a little rough and don't do exactly the best job, some are down-right difficult because of poor instructions.
Everything was good until I got to one of the assessments.  The system was rigged and I had to contact support to take the assessment off my list so I could pass the course.  What an inconvenience!
Definitely not a power user course.  The first hands-on lab asks the user to create, copy, and delete a couple of files and directories using Windows GUI.  This is more like an intermediate course.
Packed with a lot of useful instruction, but very confusing to me in the end.  I barely struggled through the final Graded Assessments and it left me feeling like I had not learned one thing well.
This course was really a challenge and you have to go back and review your notes to be able to answer and figure out the labs. It somehow gives you an idea of what it's like in the real field.
As a total beginner to linux, there were a few too many commands for me to take in at once. It would have helped if there had been more practice in between videos so that i could try it out.
Some labs weren't recognized by using the powershell which is how we learned it so I was stuck for a moment until I sent in a help inquiry which should add details to the lab for others....
Uneven. Some lessons really skimmed the material and were not very useful. And this is another course where the supplemental reading could be selected more carefully to be more pertinent.
I know that software in so critical and important with computers and technology. I think this course has been the most difficult for me and it will take me a while to learn the commands.
The instructions in some labs wasn't complete like in the last lab Week 6 Linux lab there was no information what is the proper file name of the file we want to change permissions for.
Good course to get your feet wet. Though to become a real tech support wiz, one has to find ways to go deeper, knowledge wise, and keep the ever updating knowledge base refreshed.
good class with a lot of info. I would say break it in to a few smaller labs where we practice the command lines more to get better accustomed with stuff and it would be great.
This would be so much better with an environment to practice what we've learned.  Some of the lessons were impractical (or even dangerous to my system) to practice on my own.
I Linux, I thought they went fast showing all the different commands.  Trying to remember all of them was difficult.  The woman instructor talked fast and was hard to follow.
Excellent program and teaching, but the laboratory is a disaster (not the exercises in the laboratory). Too often you run into issues that have nothing to do with the course.
When you complete the the graded assignment  on the VM instance, the wait time for the completed confirmation is too long.  keeps you wondering if you need to retake or not.
The last lab needs more work.  Learning with linux for the first time can be challenging so maybe adding scenarios/problems to get us more familiar with the program.
I typically really enjoy these courses, but the final labs were difficult and I had to take some time away from the course before I could come back and complete it.
I feel like the tests could include better instructions at times, especially week 3, and somewhat for week 6.  specifically on LInux, the lesser known platform.
The course is very informative but there should be something telling students if they can not type  a certain WPM they will not be able to complete the program
Very informational. Instructor tells you how to do something but doesn't do a great job of explain how to know what to do or why she does what she does.
Not sure on how students were supposed to keep up with the commands. Create more section for follow along work in bash or powershell in addtion to labs.
The qwiklabs were really difficult to work with. They would either not score correctly, or constantly shut down in the middle of working on a project.
The final Linux lab made me rate this course lower.  The lab was not allowing me to complete errors even though I had entered the commands correctly.
The course is good and most things are explained well, but the endless qwiklabs bug one after another, takes the score of course down quite a bit.
I haven't used the Linux terminal before this course. So I had trouble with that. But overall, the course was good. Thank you Google and Coursera
Lots of important information learned here, but the graded third-party tools are buggy. When they work, they are fascinating learning tools.
I am very happy with this course because i learning how fix a lot the warning problem  that even viewer app found and how i can fix quickly.
The itself was great learning, however the qwiklabs were complicated.  None of the scores stayed, nothing worked as well as the other labs.
the biggest challenge was getting the VM labs to work. Fixes were at least fast-ish, but I missed my deadlines a few times because of it.
Very good selection of material but, without summary slides (like in the networking course), it is very hard to retain all that info.
Challenging, but manageable.  Will learn the foundations of Linux and Windows CLI.  Wish the Qwiklab assessments were less glitchy.
Started off strong, but the finishing graded assignments kind of tossed you off a cliff to see if you could fly without any wings.
parts of linux where clear but some parts where not - further training maybe needed for me on linux command shell but i got there
It's a great course. I've already watch the video on youtube. The qwiklab need improvement. Other than that, it's a great course.
This was one of the more difficult courses; however, I feel like I went away with a good basis in terms of newly acquired skills.
Some areas could have used a lot more time and instruction on them.  Also, a book would be really helpful on some of this stuff.
System kept glitching on me when doing Linux Labs. Made that system less attractive and I hope I never see it in my career. :(
issues with lab. set of instructions are terrible on the last lab. needed some help. they were wonderful explaining stuff.
Okay-ish, not discussed in much detail and also the instructor gave a ton of reading to do instead of teaching it herself
some of the links need to be updated as well as more labs during the lecture to help with using and remember commands.
I don't see the point of asking to run a test on how to copy-paste file on Windows. Who's the target for this course?
Labs could use some work on more real life situation on how to use the command lines to alter settings and files.
it was just all about covering topic, it would have been better if there was more exercises about the commands .
The Linux Lab part of this course is not that great. Some of the parts of the lab need to have bugs removed.
the person could of done a better job at explaining  things especially for people who have no experience
Would rate 5 stars, but that VLC issue in the Linux lab on the last week took about a month off my life.
The Labs are very frustrating because they don't always work properly. Otherwise the course was good
The labs were difficult on this one, but the lab support team (Qwiklabs) was wonderful! Thanks
Can be very challenging for someone unfamiliar with limited computer skill and IT experience.
More challenging than previous courses. Issues with Qwiklabs really cause delays in learning.
It needs way better explanations and practice before throwing a student in those crazy labs.
I was impressed with the way the information was delivered and Cindy is a good instructor.
This course was the hardest I had so far.  Some of the commands for the labs did not work.
This course was a difficult course but an educational course.  Classmates are all that.
I think i would prefer to not switch back and forth between operating systems so often.
I wish there was more hands on labs instead of mere 3min video with brief demonstration
Hard to follow the steps, when the tutor don't say what she is typing on the keyboard.
Need to have more practice to learn the commands and have more practical assignments.
It was okey. I needed more clarity, specially for people who don't have a background.
It was frustrating but I finally managed to get through it. Can't wait to learn more.
Some of the labs were easy while some of the labs were hard, so I give it a 3 stars.
Lost of issues between Quiklab and Coursera updating grades. Otherwise good course.
it could be better organized and some of the supplemented links were just useless.
it was really a difficult one i must say but the instrustor gives in her very best
the linux portion of the last exam was vague and the delay was almost unbearable
Some improvements needs to address on the Labs, but overall interesting course.
The labs both in function and form are the main area holding this offering back
Not enough is done to explain and learn Linux commands during the course
Videos are good.But labs can be very confusing and difficult to perform.
It can be much deeper but it's ok to start the OS and work around it.
I hate that the windows labs are more frustrating than the linux labs
The labs are very buggy. The videos and course material were great.
While the lectures were fine but I was not happy with the labs.
Lessons were informational  and I had a difficulty with labs.
Some parts are oversimplified, should focus more on the CLI
some of the instructions for the last 2 labs are abyssmal
Had issues with the final lab...not connecting to server
Not as fun as the previous course, but very informative.
Week 6 was very confusing with the commands for Linux
The labs were too glitchy and never scored properly.
I had a really really really hard time with linux
The explanation about Linux operating is lacking.
Labs were a bit funky but the help team is prompt
The labs have been very frustrating due to errors
Labs may be improved when the score is assigned
Lab make me crazy. Have to try many times.
windows part was good, linux not to much.
Week 6 graded lab for linux wasnt great
little to much going on in that course
the labs need to be more user friendly
lab experience was really frustrating
I had problems with some of the labs.
It had lots of weird instructions.
The one with no help was no help
Labs are buggy using Linux OS
The labs are just awful.
The labs are exhausting.
The labs were buggy.
Labs are confusing
Very Challenging
tough stuff
Alright
This has been a mixed bag. The course material itself was very good and the presentation was good. However the Qwiklabs malfunctioning for all of the windows labs during this period and the lack of communication and problem solving by the course admin has left me deeply disappointed with this course.Update: Adjusted to four stars. Qwiklabs problem solved and now finished the course. I feel a great level of relief after a somewhat stressful week. Had it not been for the Qwiklab problems I would have rated the course with a 5. I have learnt more new things in this course than others.
the course was very good and amazing, and the instructor was awesome.However the linux part was somewhat difficult
It was a good course. I love it especially because it covers linux for beginners like myself. Cindy as an instructor was quite good. However, it kinda felt like she never actually taught in a live classroom environment as a real teacher before. The reason I say this is because the way she explained stuff didn't seem like she was aware there were actually students who were listening to the lecture. For people who had some sort of experience with real live classroom teaching would be aware about their articulation, delivery, and points that need to be made clear to students. The instructor always talked really fast (mind you there are many non native English speakers joining this program too, I am one of them). Every time she typed something she would just type type type enter! It was at times so fast I couldn't even have the time to pause it (or have real difficulty to time it right to pause). I paused a lot of the instruction when it comes to the Linux materials. Because I never tried Linux before and I am so interested I want to try it along while following the video. Another thing that's bothering me was why would they put the information about VirtualBox at the last week of the course?? I was already using the VirtualBox to practice all the Linux materials as I go through the course. I didn't even expect that they would actually give the info about the VirtualBox. I mean why? Why would you tell us that on the last week? Don't you think it is an absolute beneficial to the learners if they knew that from the start? So that they could install the virtual machine and have Linux (or windows) on their computer? That way they could practice it first hand along with the course. I literally almost shouted "WHAT?" when I got to the part where they were telling us about VirtualBox. So my humble suggestion to anyone taking this course do yourself a favor and install VirtualBox on your computer so you could install Linux and learn by actually practicing it along the course. You can look videos on how to install it on Youtube. I watched a video on Benjamin's Tech channel called How to Install Ubuntu 20.04 on a Mac using VirtualBox (2020 Version). It really helped me tremendously understanding Linux because I got to do it along the course following all the instructions.The last thing I want to mention is prepare yourself to be frustrated with qwiklabs. To be honest the majority of the time I had almost no trouble working with it. But, as other people wrote and complaining it does give you a headache sometimes. My only real problem with qwiklabs came at the final assignments. It didn't record my score correctly (I screenshot every steps and results). But anyhow I still passed and didn't want to bother more by contacting the customer support.However, overall this is a really good course and I had a great time doing it. As for the the instruction or the delivery of the course it definitely needs an improvement. It is not however the instructors fault. Cindy as I said as an instructor gave her best and was pretty good throughout the course. I would like to suggest to Google to make all the instructors to actually teach as a real teacher in a real classroom before making them the instructors on these courses. The experience of that would be really significant because they would actually be a teacher and not just an "instructor". I always think that a "teacher" just sounds more human than an "instructor".All and all, thank you Cindy and Google for making this course. It allows me to start learning about Linux and CLI in general in a "light version" kind of way. I guess see you in the next course.
The course did a good job of building on the material. I was following along on a Linux machine and there are certain things Cindy would do off screen that i was not able to follow and had to do online research. For example, when it comes to mounting the USB drive, she creates a mount point off screen. Luckily I am good at googling things. I don't mind doing that but may hurt those who to do not come from a computer background or have had minimal exposure to computers up to the point of taking the course. I would suggest giving students access to virtual instance of Linux as we do for the assessments. This will be good for those who do not have the resources or the financial wherewithal to obtain them. I would also suggest maybe taking 2 minutes for a refresh on installing and uninstalling during this course as it was months ago we went through the first course. For the  Overall ProgramI would suggest adding more assessment similar to the graded assessments during the modules. Not everyone will use Linux everyday and by the time they get to the final assessment, they will have forgotten. Nothing is more effective at retention than repetition.
Pros: I gained a lot of information about various operating system subjects such as using windows powershell, linux commands, and advanced file management. I have a greater understanding how operating systems perform tasks. I know how to read system logs, format hard drives and even more. Discussion prompts are fun. One is definitely going to learn something new from taking the course. Cons: While I did enjoy the course the instructors should have of a professional appearance. The last two labs of week of 6 don't have clear instructions so I recommend using the forums for help if needed.  Also I don't agree with some of career advice which is basically you don't need a degree to work in tech just many many many years of specialized experience, a lucky opportunity and a mentor. That sounds like those who are privileged socially are going to land the best tech support jobs.Overall: I'm glad I took the course. My technical skills have increased which will help me grow as tech writer.
The labs were very difficult. However, it forced me to work on my troubleshooting skills using Event Viewer and Logs. Thank you for being mean. I was mad at first. But sometimes you have to push people in order to get them to progress. Because of the level of CLI involved, I think there should have been more hands on throughout the weekly lessons. And also when you do the labs it took 10-15 minutes for the programs to load up and that took away from the actual lab time. There wasn't enough time for a person to finish the labs. You had to take them over and over to get thru them. That was exhausting and annoying. Perhaps for other people, there should be  1.5 hours of time. This will allow time for the 'gathering of information' time and the complete hour to be used for the lab. That's the only reason I gave this course 4 stars instead of 5. All in all, it was a good course. Thank YOU!!!!! ^__^
I was going to give this a 3 out of 5 originally but It did have a lot new information that an IT support will need at some point. I did however feel the person presenting the course sounded robotic at times, it felt like she was just following along the prompt to much therefore made the course boring. Since I was new the command lines, PowerShell and Linux I did feel lost many times. I would like to see more real world examples. I also did not like seeing the same person for 99% of the course, which made this a little lame. It could use a mix of people more often. Again it's going to be rare to apply all this new information. I know I will forget how to some of these commands sense they are not used daily. I need to find a way to remember this stuff in the future, good thing I took a lot of notes.
The course was globally good: the videos were always interesting and the topic was well explained. There was a lot to learn/remember (the commands in both Linux and Windows) so I recommend writing it down! The only thing that doesn't give this course a five out of five ratings is the labs... The time for the last labs was too short and the instructions were not very clear. I know that it was done that way so the learner can work autonomously but I was permanently not sure of what I was doing or why I was obtaining points. It misses, for example, something that shows the learners' progress.  I saw that a lot of other learners thought the same thing as me so I think that it needs some improvement in this part. Overall, it was a good course and I recommend to take part in this course :)
I want to give this 5 stars so much but I feel like it fell short on a few things. Firstly the linux labs with there pkk files were not well introduced so the first lab was a struggle to get into. Also all the other linux labs seemed to have there own quarks such as having to deviate from the parameters laid out. Which if done on purpose brilliant! If not then just a head ache. But the final labs were amazing and just made me wish all the labs had been like that. Because those were the best simulation of on the job work. The instructor was lovely. And the course material was great. Just need a little polish on the labs and an increase in difficulty and it would be exquisite.
Qwiklab assignments are quite slow to recognize actions taken in the VMs (a couple of minutes), which is understandable. Sometimes, however, I would get 50/50 on a lab and then end the lab. I go back and it doesn't show up as completed (or even attempted). Wait a couple of days for the system to work. Nope still not there. Support was able to help quickly and resolve the problem after providing screenshots of the completed lab, but one lab I had to redo because I forgot to take a screenshot at the end of it. I have no idea where the grade gets lost between the Google Cloud Platform/Qwiklabs and the main Coursera system but it happened multiple times for me. :/
This was good. I enjoyed course #2 much more than the other two so far. Many of the references that are given as "Supplemental Reading" in this course are quite boring considering the vast amount of stuff one could learn. Many topics in those sections are simply useless: I don't care about flags and options available for a command, that's what the built-in help command is for. Otherwise, you can quickly Google your way around. You won't be a power user after taking this course, but some notions are very useful and well presented, such as users and groups permissions, process management and troubleshooting with the help of system logs.
Excellent material.  Excellent content.  The only reason I did not give this 5 stars was due to QwikLabs which are an astronomical waste of time.  I finally found the problem.  I did not need a workaround; the chat people are very friendly and entirely not helpful.  Sadly, the problem is a simple one and lies directly with QwikLab and connecting to the Secure Shell.  No one at Coursera and no one at QwikLab seems to care.  The student is left on their own to try to figure it out on their own.  After an astronomical 40 hours, I realized QwikLab's error.  Otherwise I would give the course 5 stars.
I learned a bunch of new material in this course! I am especially happy with the labs at the end. Finally, a challenging lab. I actually had to use my head and my notes. I find the walk through labs interesting and helpful, but not nearly as much as having to try and figure things out based on what I was taught. My only gripes are the instruction seems to breeze past or gloss over certain details while going through things and there is an awful lot of "suggested reading" of things that probably should be covered. I hope to see more on those things, as promised in the videos, in the next courses.
Check those last two labs(Windows and Linux Logs) for grading errors. I completed all of the assigned tasks, but only received a score of 80% for each lab. I completed both of the final labs a second time, and still only received an 80% score. All of the tasks to be completed in these labs are simple, and I know that I completed everything correctly, as I've been an IT Support Manager for 5 years now, and a Support Specialist for 10 years prior, and have performed all of the tasks in these labs about 300 times. Something is wrong with the Qwiklab grading system...
I wish more examples (even if a quick in passing example) as to how some of this stuff will be used, or is important. Having never worked with a virtual machine I still don't know why that would necessarily come in handy when I think about my experience in Corporate America. Overall a lot of really good information but I wish more of the Linux labs were like the last one. I struggle the most with CLI and Bash. Having the chance to use my brain and being guided a bit better to figuring out some of these commands would have been nice.
Finally, they start to deliver on some of the "we'll talk about that in a later video" that were given out like candy back in Course 1. Not too sure why they chose to use powershell for the windows command-line classes. Surely, it'd be easier to just teach linux and say 'also, most of these commands work in windows powershell'. Also, several of the videos could be combined together. combine creating directories, and files, with deleting and renaming directories and files. Only benefit to breaking them up is a touch of suspense.
This course was amazing! So many useful tools in Windows and Linux to troubleshoot problems! Highly recommend taking this course to become a power user. My only problem, is that I don't own a Windows PC so hands on practice was challenging. If you want the most out of this course, I would STRONGLY suggest to use a Window 10 machine. That way to can play around with the many tools provided for you in this course. Oh! and downloading Linux too! I've been using a Mac to take the course, but I just don't get enough hands on :(
I would have loved to have given 5 stars but the instructor needs to improve her delivery.  There were too many times she should type something in a command line without speaking and then hit enter before I could see what she typed.I also wished that I had the files on my system that she was playing with in the CL so I could play along with her.  (I am pretty sure that I am not the only person who needs to learn this way)It also would have been nice to been give cheat sheets in a handout for the CL commands.
Continue to be disappointed with the labs not working properly. It often takes multiple attempts even to log in (Windows labs), and the score card (Windows and Linux labs) frequently doesn't even display a score at all, despite completing the labs successfully. Course material is generally okay though.It would also be nice if someone involved with the course was involved on the forums. There often seem to be questions, but rarely does anyone from Coursera or Google seem available to assist.
The course as a whole is absolutely informative. Ms. Cindy is no-nonsense to the point instructor. Her lectures are good and she follows those up with an example. I was recommended this course by my boss, I would recommend it to others too.I wanted to give 5 but will stick with 4, as in first week lab assessment linux lab instructions are al over the place and a bit confusing. I had to redo it twice to get it right. So since there is no 4.5 i will give a 4. Keep it up Cindy and Google.
Very interesting, and well done videos, my only disappointment is with the labs, specially the ones for windows that had many issues from using power shell (which don't execute the commands) to labs who are slow to show the login info or simply won't credit the points earned when completing a task.Videos from the instrustor are pretty good an the instructor is awesome. But please work a little bit to improve labs and make them faster and credir points when a task is completed.
Gave a good understanding of the concepts and use of the command line. Being given the commands in most assessments was nice in order to successfully complete the assessment. But there could have been more assessments like the final one, where we had to really think about what commands or actions to take. I had to research my notes to find the right commands for that one. This type testing would seem more effective for a real world scenario.
The final test (Windows section) was a bit more difficult than I expected. I wasn't expecting to be using the Gui as much as it actually required us to use. I think you definitely should explain that the Gui will be as big a part in the final as the Powershell. I ended up writing down all the code I knew to complete all the tasks and I ended up failing it twice. No where did it state that I would be using the Gui except for the example task.
The content was great, with explanations about the commands and examples.However, not much opportunity to practice using them (which is essential in this course since it's 99% about using commands), unless you have access to both Windows and Linux. They should set up a Qwiklab environment which can be accessed anytime during the course, so we can experiment and practice commands, without the risk of bricking your personal systems.
It would really help to provide a list of downloads (OS, software, etc) that would help facilitate learning throughout the course and encourage students to have those all ready installed and ready to use, if they choose. It was a bit frustrating when you get to a video where I am ready to dive in and watch all the videos to be told theres a link after that video to something that could have helped me during the video.
Really good course for those who do not have any experience using GUI in windows as well in powershell. This courses touches also the foundations of linux. So I think it is an essential course that you should definitely take. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because Labs were a bit confusing and sometimes, extremely slow. But don't let that stop you from taking this course. LOTS OF THUMBS UP FOR THIS COURSE!
Week 1 Linux: List Directories pop quiz at the end is configured incorrectly. I'm not sure if it is my browser. But the question is: In Bash, if you need a little help with how a command like ls works, which of the commands can you use to get more information? Check all that apply.Obviously the correct answer if ls --helpBut it prompts that manual help and help ls are also correct when they are not.
Originally I thought the layout was a little clunky, but when I wanted to go back and review something that I was struggling with it I was incredibly appreciative of the layout.  My only real problem with the course is that it was so basic for intermediate users.  I'm not sure I learned anything on the Windows end of things, however I did learn a great deal for Linux and it helped me tremendously.
as someone who is just moving from centos (RHEL) linux to Ubuntu (Debian) linux this course was something i needed. however there should have been some things on mac. lots of graphic and cad companies mainly use macs not windows or linux. audio processing is also best done with macs. walking in or getting a support line call and not knowing the system can lead to many more issues.
This model was pretty challenging feel like it can be way more interactive especially on the coding exercises. Also think the interactive approach helps the learning to stick better because we are doing more over and over to make sure the skills are learned instead of just memorized for a brief moment which is what college and most learning experiences are notorious for!
Great instructor, easy to follow, and the material wasn't as dense compared to the Networking class. My only complaint was the amount of commands given in the terminal and the amount of explanations or examples.  The Qwiklabs were helpful, but I needed more of them especially like the last one where you have to fix problems with what you learned throughout the class.
There could be a download of the commands for both windows and linux, some of the lectures weren't thorough enough. At times it was moving to fast. There should be a better way to take notes. The scrolling of the lectures took the video out of view. I found it annoying. The labs were difficult because there was no concrete examples in the second lab.
I thought the course was very good and informative.  It was great being able to utilize the virtual machines for the labs, but it made me wish there was a way to have a virtual machine to use while watching the videos. I was able to follow along and actually do some of these tasks for Windows as I watched, but since I don't have a machine with Ubun
I loved this course. It challenged me to go back and remember alot of Linux and Powershell commands which I'm not familiar. My only issue were some of the labs and some instructions. Some of the instructions seems a little confusing and the lab itself has it's bugs. I couldn't complete 2 of the labs and just simply moved onto the next lesson.
Deeply analytical and technical course oriented to provide the user the standard hard skills needed to perform IT support activities within a company. Linux Introduction to Bash, use of Microsoft different tools and understanding of the backgrounds of an OS makes this course a "must-have" in your portfolio. Empowering tech support operators!
It was explained in very good detail, but i feel like it needed more exercises than supplemental readings. You can read something all day and yes it will help, but feel like this course and all the commands you learn need to be more exercised than read about with more quizzes involving typing in the commands, rather than reading about them.
The only issue I had a negative with was the labs.  The course is great, content relevant and well demonstrated.  There is a boat load of reading, but that is part of learning, isn't it.  Pay close attention to the difference between command and flags as they require certain sequencing to be effective, which I still am unsure of.
The instructor Cindy, typed "enter" immediately after every command line, particularly on Linux, causing the data to fill and the command that was entered to disappear off the screen.  This made if very difficult to follow and had to stop the video multiple times to see what she was typing.  Other than that, a very good course.
Not bad. Great information presented, but seriously lacking in repetition. Powershell vs CMD not properly explained (saw many complaints in forums). Thankfully I had lots of prior experience in terminal and Powershell. This was great reinforcement, but I would not recommend it as an entry level course.
I enjoyed these courses but I have to admit I feel like we are the first people running the google cloud labs as the qwiklabs are sometimes broken and don't function properly. This is discouraging when you only have so much time and I had to do them many times to pass after jumping through many hoops.
I think we could've used a bit more hands on work with the different OS's. The labs are VERY straight forward, and when so much of this process is troubleshooting and figuring out what the best solution to a problem is, it felt like the floor dropped out from under me for the final assessment.
The course was very good. Especially the labs were very informative and helped me in analysing my skills. Also the Linux labs were very interesting. I would request you to put more content in the course. The content present is not so much useful, some advance content is also expected.
I loved this course.  The only flaw I have encountered was with week 3, the Windows lab.  There were a number of issues with that lab, and from the discussion board it looks like many other people had issues as well.  There were a number of "work arounds" that everyone came up.
This was an intense course because there was so much material and commands. However, with some practice and note taking it's not so bad. Especially, helpful when it came to doing the labs since it's hands on practice. I learned quite a bit and enjoyed this course quite a bit.
A good course that gets you acquainted with manipulating OS.  It makes it all less daunting. the instructor was a little impatient with explaining concepts but her external links did lead me to a better content to better explain what she was teaching. Overall, a good course.
I enjoyed having labs which allowed us to apply our learning. However, many user's experienced trouble connecting to some windows RDP sessions also due to the recent windows 10 spring update which required a work around. Inspite of this. The linux lab's all worked very well.
Considering how dense this course is with information, I am satisfied with the overall flow and structure of the course. I've definitely come away from this course with a good foundational understanding of how to interact with computers from a more technical point of view.
The amount of information and practical application in this course is amazing. This issue is with the labs, but if you have an issue the support desk is amazing at helping. The key to ensuring the right grade is waiting after finishing each task until a score is given.
I guess it is a pretty good course for absolute beginners. Most system admins should have no problem finishing all the graded labs in an hour, that is waiting for the labs to be prepared takes longer than the time needed to complete the labs themselves (windows)
the labs, as amazing as they are, were sometimes very glitchy and while I could do all the right steps, something within the lab would be messed up and I would either have to restart the lab completely or find a work around that would be seen as accurate
The windows assignments were incredibly buggy, and the solutions for the permissions on the last linux exam were anything but real world.  Who would solve a no permissions for a secret file by giving every user and group access to it for example.
This course is suitable for beginner to understand what kind of skill would be required to work as IT Specialist. I like this course even though I have touched linux command to install package and etc. I can't wait to learn more about IT job.
Create content and easy to follow. My only suggestion is to provide more opportunities to practice the content so we are able to absorb and use the material with ease. Give opportunities to have guided practice and then practice on our own.
The instructor for this course was great.  However, there needs to be a printable index of the the commands used in Power Shell and Bash.  There were way too many to remember, especially when you add the various qualifiers to the commands.
I give it four out of five stars due to the great lingering issues with using Qwiklabs, I understand they are the vendor for this program but they make it so fustrating that their have been several times I have wanted to quit the program.
Very useful.  Had issues with graded assignments with system.  Also the instructor was little bit fast for a new beginner in Linux.  The instructor was definitely  a linux wizard from what I can tell but little too fast for a new learner.
I think this course had some really good points, but the labs were atrociously awful. The instructor, Cindy, was really good about explaining what she was going for. I'd like a lot more practice at the whole command line stuff.
I would give the full five stars if I didn't have to go through a lot of troubleshooting for many of the lab exercises. Other than that, an amazing hands-on course that doesn't just explain the theory without any real examples.
I am interested to work with OS using Windows and Linux and slove troubleshooting as an IT specialist. Anyway, I  have challenged this course but I come over it.  I got a lot of experience and move forward to the next course.
Great course! A LOT of valuable information on OS. I am now able to understand what is going on in the Powershell/CLI while I am working in the GUI. The instructors were very detailed and the chat help staff is wonderful!!
I need to review the videos, i think. so much information doesn't make sense to me at this point. I feel there were also some videos where important information was glossed over or left out. Perhaps I was just overwhelmed.
I think the instructor "cindy" teach very well in this course but the qwiklabs have to be improve in many ways because it is very slowly when giving the points when you work with windows qwiklabs on virtual instances.
Was a little difficult, but learned a lot. Definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to know more in-depth knowledge on Windows and Linux. Thorough information on Powershell for Windows and Terminal for Linux.
This course information itself is great. Gives Windows or Linux users a good overview of an OS and each of those OS if you are more familiar with one and not the other. The Qwiklabs could use some improvements.
This course was very enlightening, intriguing, frustrating and rewarding.  I do feel the Linux instruction could have added more command information but all-in-all this is a wonderfully challenging course.
I love it very much just wish for it to have a platforms where you can access linux/windows to practice on it rather than test out first from the OS for the first time for testing very tough for I made it.
Great course, content wise. Well made and delivered. However, Coursera and Qwiklabs needs to fix the bugs plaguing the VM instances, and the signals from the lab to coursera where the scores dont reflect.
The course was great and very challenging for me. Their are a lot of command prompts to remember. I would defiantly recommend this course to personnel that want to improve their foundation in the  world.
Should of separate the lessons in a way where it compliments one another. Windows by itself and Linux by itself instead of mixing it one after another (Windows then Linux). But either way, good videos
great instructor, Cindy is very easy to listen to and explains thing well. The lab experience could be better. I had issues with some of them. but overall its an enjoyable course and I learned a ton.
Gained more knowledge about inside workings of the Operating Systems.The Last QwikLab was not set up properly for Windows and Linux. Both final labs left a not so pleasant impression about them.
This course is challeneging but very helpful. All of the labs helps put the lectures to practice and I think there is no other way to to improve your command skills other than hands-on practice.
The instructors and course designers did a great job.  There are still a few issues with the labs, I really wish they were better because its the best method I've seen for this kind of training.
Very nice course!  I like the fact that there were no peer reviews.  All in all a very informative course.  I just wish that they would make the linux optional or part of a different course...
I am giving this course 4 stars because so many of the labs were so glitchy.  Seems like Quicklabs have gotten those issues fixed though.  I learned a lot about Linux CLI and Shell in Windows.
Thanks Google Coursera, interesting course, struggled alittle on the linux part, still trying to get a grips on the Linux OS. Thanks again for this opportunity, I am indeed very very grateful
Really appreciated the amount of labs (more please!), felt the practice quizzes could have been more rigorous, by the time I'd gotten to some of the lab tasks, I'd forgotten certain commands.
This course was a lot of information to take in. It really gave a good look into the Linux system which I had never seen before this course. Starting to get more comfortable with that system.
Good course for beginners, not much into technical depth of Linux much, but it's expected that you delve deep yourself. That's how IT goes, figuring out yourself is the key to tech support.
Good information ... but a course with too much information for those who have no knowledge of OS Linux and can make it overwhelming for many ... Pencil and paper to write everything down.
This was a bit difficult for me learning about CLI, because I have never had a formal way of learning this. But I made it through and the exposure was definitely worth it for future use.
I really liked the last graded assignments, as you had to use your notes and knowledge to complete them. I wish the other assignments didn't tell you exactly how to complete the lab.
I really enjoyed this course.  The instructor was entertaining and the material was explained well. The labs could have been a bit more challenging, but they were useful nonetheless.
I think that it would be good to make more of the course module based. Also, highlighting each section with real world examples would be helpful in grounding some abstract concepts.
Awesome Course...had some issues with the labs, but the kind folks at quiklabs helped out with a little bit of persistence on my part.  I learned a lot.  And I liked the instructor.
The window package update in command line was a bit difficult to understand. In the supplemental reading - there are so many choices - it gets confusing and is very time consuming!
i like that they do not just let you blow through the weeks at the end they do test your knowledge and expect you to fix all the issues you learn about through the first 5 weeks!
overall this was a very good course.  I already have experience in about 1/2 the material, but this course gave me a broader perspective and experience with the tools out there.
In this coure I have to gain lot of experince to Operating system.But In week 6 Gradded assessment is very very difficult to solve, first, I'm not understrand what I have to do?
It covered a lot of great material.  The labs operation, and issues caused it to be a bit frustrating at times though.  If the labs had run seamless, it would have been 5 stars.
Linux OS can be frustrating  if you have had no exposure to it previously.  I learned a lot about it.  Windows OS came somewhat as a review, but I still picked up new knowledge.
this is a good course to learn about OS. I really learn something new, especially about linux os and upgrade my knowledge about windows os especially how to use windows shell.
It's very interesting and provides much information on how to even fix your own devices and see how they can be improve. Still challenging and have to think outside the box.
Some of the labs have rough documentation. The final assignments are a little into-the-deep-end. But that's ok. Lots of great info presented in an easily understandable way.
I knew almost all of the Linux stuff already, and all the GUI stuff for Windows, but...the PowerShell introduction was great, I am really looking forward to using it more.
Great course to troubleshoot OS related issues, but be careful when dealing with the Windows' Qwiklabs. Review each step and contact support if it's not giving you score.
This course is full of Labs.  At the end they build on each other.  The task are easy to complete but they do require you to have a basic understanding of systems first.
On Week 4 and 5 some videos stopped short from the end and the descriptions were not great. It was very difficult to follow and understand. The labs made up for it tho.
Although, I liked the class and they give a good deal of info the qwiklabs and the issues I had with them on pretty much every lesson lessened the experience for me.
I learned a lot in this course however the labs need some serious work as they are very buggy and have lots of issues with grading as well as syncing up to coursera.
I think that this is really great material to learn and practice.  I am though a little insecure of how I am going to find a job with this little hands on training.
A broad view of process management. Also tons of research resources for further studies. Fast-paced.Could use more real-life scenarios and hands-on lab experience.
Instructor was awesome, and the assignments were so fun that I often got side-tracked by playing in the terminal. Labs are very VERY buggy and particular, however.
i learned many thing during this session. now i have idea that how to interact with windows operating system and linux operating system as a system adminitrator.
A great course for non tech peoplo who don't have experience with OS. For me is it very interesting the CLI part , and I love again more Linux after this course.
Pretty good class with a lot of powershell and linux command lines. Comes in handy to know all of this. It's hard to remember all of the command lines though!
some labs were a hassle but if you screen shot your progress the Coursera team will credit you. Overall, I've learned a lot more than I knew before I started.
It was a good one, learned a lot about Linux and commands in the Shell and the Bash. They had problems with the Windows Labs, but hopefully they will fix it.
This course has you becoming more familiarized with command line.  Deep dives into imaging machines, formatting drives, and navigating event logs like a pro
Learned a great deal from the course and have been using many of the skills that I have learned.   Thank Google for such an insightful and great experience.
Thank you very much and for this very informative session I have made good use of it especially in Linux thanks again for doing this course from Google
Material taught is not detailed enough. Too much is left for supplementary reading. In comparison, Networks course was far more detailed and thorough.
It was good to learn. Though I knew the basics as I had experience in Site Reliability Engineering. but it was still a brush up to the past concepts.
such amazing and great course it was I have learnt very important and useful things. And now I can utilize those in my job. Thank you coursera.....
The content is great, there are still some issues with the qwiklab interface, but once these issues are ironed out the course will be well worth it
Overall a decent intro, but the Linux info is based solely on Ubuntu, and some things taught in this course will not be applicable to all distros.
Working with windows is easier than Linux. I would need to log WAY more hours with Linux to feel more comfortable using it in the way I had here.
The only problems I really had were doing some qwiklabs. After I would do some of the required material it wouldn't give me credit for doing it.
Nice teacher. Some of the material is very dense and tbh could take years to fully absorb. Good work Google for creating this condensed version.
It's sad all the instructor have the same tone. Even the jokes seems to be read off a screen. A little more personality would be appreciated .
One of the labs with Linux partitioning was extremely difficult and it if wasn`t for the qwiklabs assistance I would have never gotten it.
a lot of the Linx portions were tough, had to go back several times to check the commands, and searching for the errors in linx was rough.
I used to think I am good at Windows Operating System but I learnt through this course that I still need to learn more. I am happy I did.
The last exercise for the course was tough! But worthy in that it really made me commit to troubleshooting and thinking things through.
It was a good course. The graded assignments could have been designed better. It was like simply copy-pasting the commands given there.
This so far was the most difficult course, because the commands are complex! But in the end, it left me feeling even more accomplished.
Great course, but a TON of information and topics are covered.  I wish there were more exercises built in to give us more experience.
Although the information was presented clearly, I found it really hard to jump from GUI, to PowerShell, to Linux all really quickly.
Very challenging. Will be going through all of it again for sure. But happy to have learned this and look forward to the next course
Some of the commands for the labs are a bit outdated in terms of syntax or destination, but otherwise a pretty good overview of OS.
This course is the best to start from the basic knowledge of Operating Systems.We get enough about troubleshooting our own device.
course content is good but commands are not provided during last week linuc assignment which is very problematic during assignment
Very good course. The end of course exam was pretty tough. Especially the part where we had to figure out on our own. Good stuff.
Great overview of the Operating Systems. Only complaint I have is some of the labs need workarounds to get them to work properly.
The only problem with this course are assessments. You must improve them, it is so frustrating to do all right but not get grade.
Some Topics can be explained in more detail. Overall im satisfied with the course so far and looking forward to the next parts.
Would be 5 stars but understand most of the linux stuff can be done under the gui. Also why Ubuntu and no kali or mint distros?
Linux is an extremely challenging OS. I will need an additional exercises to become comfortable with said OS. That excites me.
it wish more practice through each segment i am more hands on it was tough to just have to do it once only in end segment lab
excellent course - the labs are a little slow to spin up - wait for them to spin up before accessing especially Windows ones.
It has been most challenging course in series. Plan on seeking sources outside the course if you haven't learned Linux yet.
Labs were an issue in this one. Ironically genuine troubleshooting was required but resolution required escalation support.
I would have given it a 5/5 if all of the labs were working correctly on my first try. Overall, great information and labs.
the pace was a little too fast to properly memorize or familiarize yourself with the commands in Ubuntu.I liked it though!
It was easy, clear and somewhat precise, though I wished that it would be in much greater detail; as in commands usage.
It would be very useful if you are brand new to it support. If you have some experience it could be a little redundant.
Course was great and easy to follow, however, constant issues with the labs and grading really drag down the efficiency
The last lab tracking down logs using Linux is a still not working properly please check into that for future students.
Learned a ton, but I wish the week-end tests were more like the final, without holding your hand as you go through it.
This course was little bit different from other course because it was very difficult from to understand the question
It was an awesome experience, but you should include more complex practical labs like the final one in between too.
great course. learned a good bit that i didn't know (mostly linux). the last 2 labs are glitchy though so watch out
Great informational course, though would like to see more exercises to practice and really test the skills learned.
At times it was tough and at times the lab instructions were a obtuse. But all in all the course was very helpful.
I ended up having to do all of the labs twice because they don't register as complete the first time! Please fix!
Buggy Windows labs that tend to not grade right as always, but I really enjoyed the material.  A good foundation.
I am ok with learning powershell but I did not find it useful just yet. Rest was ok but labs was pretty annoying.
It's very good but Specifically talking about linux there should be more knowledge and practice should be given.
The content was great but the presentation was too slow paced, I had to speed it up by 1.25X and even 1.5X speed
Very Nice course overall, best subject that you learn by far it is how to analyze and solve log event error !!!
The last lab was frustrating, overall I really enjoyed learning and playing around with the different commands.
There's a lot of information presented very quickly. I think more labs would be helpful throughout the course.
If was fun and exciting to learn new skills. Hopefully the following courses will be fun as well. Good stuff!
Cindy is a great and thorough instructor.  This course really opened my eyes to how useful powershell can be.
I liked the material, some of the quiklabs were not always great about scoring after the tasks were completed
This course was perfect. The delivery was awesome and teaches a lot about windows and linux operating system
Very fun and the labs are back. You also learn a lot and will be pausing the video a lot to write stuff down
Really liked how they are teaching me the tools to solve problems and enjoy learning the tricks of the trade
It's tough and made me swear alot lol. Definitely learn alot in it and will be a great asset in the future.
Amazing and knowledgeable content with real example and testing ground. Am proud to have taken this course.
This course really makes you work for it. Finally feels like we're getting into some advanced IT knowledge.
Great class to learn about the basics of CLI and Linux CLI and getting the idea of packages and software.
There was so much information in this course but finishing this course was difficult but very rewarding!
Wow!  I'm so glad I'm done with this course, but I know it was great for my development.Thank you Cindy!
There was a lot of information in this course and has help me lay the ground work to my new beginning.
Lab scoring takes a while and sometimes doesn't work. I had to do the Linux process killing lab twice
Overall kind of interesting, but sometimes tedious. Mostly memorization which is not my strong suit.
Linux typos make this course very frustrating at times but if you have patience you can learn a lot.
very good course but some more information and proper steps through pic is required in logs module.
Learned a lot, more VM's to practice on would help a lot, even if they are not towards final grade.
Good Course to give you a real feel for how to perform basic management of Windows and Linux OSes.
I liked this course. in Linux I had to do further research but it was to help me succeed and learn
It is not too difficult, nor too easy. It is just right. There are a lot of things I have learned.
This course is a good intro to IT for new users. But there should be more interactive assignments.
There is a lot to learn (and practice) here for this challenging course (if you are new to this).
Very interesting but a bit complicated as we use the CLI and not normal standard user interfaces
Overall pretty straight-forward, some of the steps in the labs could be a little bit more clear.
I wish they would fix the glitches with quizzes. It affects my confidence in what I am learning.
The only thing holding this back from being a 5 star review is the glitchy qwiklabs environment.
I’m glad to have a chance to use Linux in this course because I have never used it much before!
Linux Lab was very diffcult, considering the minimal amount of instructions that were provided.
The course labs should have more practice sessions in order to have the materials well in hand.
Learned a lot of information. Powerful stuff that I will no doubt be using in the near future.
May need more practice opportunities using some of the Linux commands before testing a student
The labs were really difficult to get to work, but when they did work it was very informative.
Excellent course marred only by a few issues with objective tracking in Windows lab instances.
Would have given 5 Stars but the labs were not working most of the time.  Teacher was amazing.
Great course. Labs could be a bit more difficult. The last lab Windows and Linux were better.
The information was good, the labs were quite buggy and frustrating in terms of funcionality.
The course materials are great, but only let down by the pretty poor Qwiklabs / VM instances.
the course itself was not hard but the struggles to get in the labs were frustrating at times
The content is great but too many issues with the Labs, this make the experience not perfect
great course apart from the issues (at the time of taking the course) with the windows labs!
Very demanding, and the labs did not go smoothly, but ultimately satisfying to complete.
I wish Google would give you a PDF of all the things you need to know. I learned a lot.
The courses get more challenging, but accessing the support through chat really helps.
Nice course for anyone interested in system support or acquiring knowledge in general.
Still couldn't figure out how to update the VLC from the window.  Will try again soon.
Nice course, but the tutor needs to elaborate more on the topic that looks confusing.
Simply Great. Labs are designed well & sometimes test your patience in case of Linux.
Good course did have some issues with the last Linux lab, but overall you learn alot.
The content of the course is good,but the system did not update the score for the lab
Didnt get to finish last lab due to some technical issues but overall a good course.
I just loved this course i learned a lots form it and the last assignment was tough
A lot of knowledge. Difficult exams at the end, but they were really good practice.
tricky sometimes with the remote access but solvable. Useful to remind some tricks.
Nice course but the lab grading system or question pattern needs some improvement.
Content is great as always but the labs were especially painfiul in this section.
That week 6 linux work... for the birds. That's the only reason for the 4 stars.
This course is very difficult and the qwikilabs are more confusing than helpful.
very tough and most important part of IT support specialist ( Thank You Cindy )
A lot of good information, and it was helpful with the powershell command line.
Not as deep as the computer networking course, but still an interesting teaser.
Great course. It would have 5 stars but there were a lot of Qwiklab glitches.
could have been more explanatory on the CLI but anyway i enjoyed the course.
Some of the labs are finiky and can require multiple attempts to accomplish.
Overall, great course. Some of the instructions on the labs were confusing.
The last qwiklab is a complete mess with issues such as broken applications
I surely will keep my fingers on the keyboard to hopefully master the CLI.
Some instructions on the labs are not always clear and could use some work
I learn alot of new skill in powershell and linux that I find very useful.
Really enjoyed the instruction and opportunities to do the hands-on labs.
Instructor was awesome. However I could have used more practice problems.
Learned a lot of new things that i was not aware of. Enjoyed learning..
Recommended course for everyone that want to take the IT Support career
Much harder then the first three. Take notes on commands for week six.
I personally would like more practical practice via labs and scenarios
Overall it is a good course. The labs are really problematic, though.
This course was great at giving you an intro look at console commands
Nice course, I liked a lot. I am new to Linux and this helped me tons
Really good course, however there should be more primers for Linux.
Great course little hard in the final lab especially in linux one.
It was really useful course, but Qwiklab was little bit stressful.
There is a large portion of a widely used operating system, MacOS.
Issue with some exams. Other than that the content is really good.
Needs more hands on practice with figuring out and solving issues
the Linux labs weren't easy to understand at all in the 6th week.
This course helped me learn the ins and outs of console commands.
The last lab was horribly designed. Couldn't track my progress.
This is tough course take notes for Linux, labs good challenges
It was a really good learning experience and I learned a lot.
Course material was awesome. Qwiklabs really needs some work.
Definitely the needs to knows for success in the cyber field
while learning is a process, Linux is most difficult for me!
Learned a lot! Labs are difficult but you always have help!!
Some bugs here and there - but it all worked out in the end.
More real world problems that require innovative solutions.
This has been the most challenging course so far. I ready
It was very challenging some times, but I really like it
Great knowledge as an introduction to Operating Systems.
Week 6 linux assignment last task is unsolvable. Fix it
the labs are good but often don't work like they should
Difficult but informative. Learned a lot in this course
Some issues with the lab, but otherwise a good course.
Awesome course, My interest in Linux OS has increased.
awsome i love cindy quach you should have her do more
This was hard , especially the last graded assignment
the lab was pretty confusing and difficult to follow.
Labs inconsistent and could use better instructions.
very informative course, waiting for the next module
Documentation part is higher than practical videos.
Linux is complexed but I manage to get through it.
It in interesting to learn bash and shell aliases.
Wish it had more MacOS information in this course.
manual book would be nice and helpful for students
Last module was tough but overall a great course!
good course, the testing need better instructions
It would be a five star if only we had more labs
i am very thankful for this course for learning
i dont get my certificat since the first lesson
Good materials for Operating systems navigation
labs can be tricky to load.. but otherwise good
It was not easy... Especially de Linux CLI...
It was challenging in mounting disks in Linux
I think more example and explanation needed
Tough course, but well worth it in the end!
Learned some good Linux commands.  Thanks!
A lot to learn and a fun way to learn it.
Its really verbose, but very informative.
I think this was put together very well!
The labs can be a little more responsive
it was hard but after a while  succeded
Very tough course. Will have to repeat.
Great Challenge! Extremely Informative!
The Windows labs have lots of glitches.
Its already helping me a lot in my job
EXCELLENT AND VERY CHALLENGING COURSE!
Good material, labs were a bit buggy.
wish there was more hands on lab work
A glossary of terms would be amazing
QwikLabs needs a tune up service!!!
Very difficult to navigate the labs
It was tough but I made it through.
Challenging but makes you focused.
It was interesting towards the end
Nice info on the common used OS's.
Good course, I recomend it at all
It was really informative for me.
Very educational and interesting.
The Labs are very slow at loading
Required software is very buggy.
Good introduction for beginner.
Tough but really useful course.
week 6 is tough to understand.
Good course covers the basics/
It is a well organized course.
learning about logs was useful
Lab evaluation is a bit buggy.
I really enjoyed this course.
This is a challenging course.
A good course for bigginers
nice, love u all teachers.
Lots of great information!
god hell yeah nice course
So much learning about OS
The Linux part was tough!
Linux was tricky as hell
A little too easy maybe?
Hard challenging course
lab is not clear enough
nice...gives knowledge
The labs are confusing
Great! I learned a lot
Hard, but well taught.
Tough towards the end
This course was good.
Tough but Fascinating
Satisfied. Thank you
Challenging and fun.
Linux is to advance
Enjoyed the flow...
Really recommended!
Very very difficult
it was interesting
toughest one yet!
it is very nice
The lab is good
Very Helpful.
Thanks Cindy.
A bit boring
Quality
Course was good and challenging.  Cindy did a great job.  I wish Windows and Linux were separated instead of back and forth every video change though. It made things confusing going back and forth.
This is my most favorite module module, especially the Linux, which is my all time favorite OS ever enjoy learning, working Programing, and configuring, and will continue enjoying til the end of time.
A wonderful course of prevention that I learned a lot from,
Using commands with Windows and Linux
How to deploy and install operating systems through the network and Alot Thanks GOOOOOOOOOGLE
Great course, lots of very challenging and useful information. You'll learn about Linux and some of the inner workings of Windows, plus lots of tools and programs that are really useful. Great course!
The Course was excellent. I have learned so much about Directories users administrators and groups, Packages and Dependencies, File Systems Types, Managing Process and remote Access. All these topics has given me an incites on how to work effectively with the Operating System.  I am looking forward to learning so much more on the next course i can't wait. The instructors were awesome in teaching the course. They make it very simple and easy to understand. It's been a great experience. Thank you.Noel Jhagroo
Personally, this was the best course by far! I really learned a lot about windows and Linux systems administration. Everything I have been wanting to learn (short of Linux+ and MCSE) has been facilitated in this course. I feel a tremendous amount of confidence moving forward in my studies and career. The course really helped to lay out the groundwork and get me (and others, I presume) prepared for additional industry certifications. Thank you Google and Coursera!
I'd give 4.5 stars if possible, Google provides a comprehensible course on the basics of OSs through theory, practical examples and labs. The last lab is awesome, the rest of the labs are perhaps too easy. The instructor was very knowledgeable and encouraging and the videos have very good quality. The Coursera platform is awesome.. better than going to a class - as you can't mute your colleagues or ask your teacher to wait while you make yourself a tortilla..
i never used power-shell before, i always thought that only Linux is good for cli and windows should be only used with graphical user interface, but i never knew that even windows too provides such a powerful cli, as a Linux user i'm mostly interested in cli, but after taking this course i feel that i can even work with windows power-shell too.
It is a very thorough and comprehensive course. It does have a lot of supplemental readings that may be out of date because it is 3 years old. Some of the commands are for Windows 8, not Windows 10.
I have renewed some of the skills I knew plus added a lot of skills I din't have
Very good course for a beginner like me. I was a little aware about Ubuntu, but windows command line, is something which I used for the first time. Again the course is very well prepared and delivered with right spirit keeping in mind the audience's beginner attitude and understanding. The best thing I have observed in the courses of this Google certificate programme, is the gradual build up of knowledge. There never seems to be moment where the successive lessons shows any gap in concepts from their predecessors. I just loved this part. Thanks a ton for all this. I would say, every single person, whether or not they are planning to take up career in IT, they should take this course, more than Job, this course is actually making people IT literate, which is a must in 21st century.
Wonderful and amazing course with excellent teachers explaining every single details of the course for permitting me to step in the managment of operating systems . I really will be a powerfull operating systems user . I owe you this knowledge.Helping learners  with simple and clear explanations like this is not given to everybody.Thank you very much for your endless effort and time . Google in partnership with coursera are really doing good job to learners and I invite everyone willing to extend your knowledge in a specific area or changing career path to come , learn and get new skills. Coursera is indeed of of the most important online learning platform in the world. IT's helping me in my career change from linguist to IT .
An amazing course for someone you may get something out of it even as a seasoned user or admin. Doesn't go deep into powershell, but it does introduce package management through powershell and also introduces chocolatey which is very nice.I feel a lot more comfortable navigating through linux shells now and I don't even bother installing desktop environments at times now just straight shell! It does not go into great depth on typical piping strategies or the obscure text editors it comes with, but through my own research as well the supplemental readings I am now comfortable with VIM and actually know how to close it without having to look it up on google. I'm assuming the automation course will tackle these in more depth.
This course materiel is very technical. Do not fall in to the trap of fooling yourself into believing any of these concepts are going to be quickly mastered just because you are able to grasp initial concepts. Coursera, Google, our Proctors have all done a great job of relaying these concepts and fundamentals in a way that is easy to grasp and easy to understand, that mistakenly gets translated into thinking that mastering these concepts will be simple, or an easy undertaking. That will not prove true for most of us. Most of us are going to have to dedicate time toward practicing these fundamentals, working with them, memorizing them via submersion. The more I learn about this, the more I realize how little I know.
There was a lot of information to learn, especially with using the Command Line interfaces.  It was hard to know what i needed to memorize, what to prioritize, and what to just get a brief understanding of.  There was a demonstration of a mock job interview, and after watching, I left feeling EXTREMELY unprepared for anything like that.  I understand that I still have much to learn, but perhaps that should have been made much more clear prior to the demonstration, because I can only assume that I should not be able to do an interview like that, with the information I currently have from the course.  Other than that, the course was great and taught a lot of great information in an easy to use format.
I am literally in tears. I never imagined that I had what it takes to learn things as I have been. I am not a techy computer 'nerd'. But I am becoming more and more fascinated by discovering what is possible in this realm. I am so proud of myself for making this far. All the jargon with commands can be discouraging. But you can't give up, especially after you overcome it. You have to see it through. I still feel like I could learn a lot more just by reviewing the material I have already covered, however, my attitude has changed towards technology and I have noticed my ability to troubleshoot is improving. I am so happy and satisfied right now.
Brilliant! Even seasoned IT Pros will take a little something from this course. I love learning and have been in IT for years now. I wish we had a course like this when I first started. I have picked up some awesome tips. I would recommend the full IT Support Course to anyone looking to learn more about IT Support.If you are completely new to the world of IT support. I recommend taking your time and making notes, this will help you with the graded assessments at the end of the course. Also, be patient with the labs. They are an excellent way to give you hands on experience and you do get ample time to complete the tasks :)
Overall, this was a great course that contained a lot of useful information that I'm sure will be useful in all aspects of computer use.  My biggest criticism is that it was hard to follow along and do the programming at the same time as the instructor because she had pre-saved certain things for each example.  It would be good if the classes provided some directory information for how to get set up to work along with teachers using CLI/Bash examples prior to even moving beyond the class intro.  Apart from that, I loved this teacher's teaching style.
Ohhooo! the course journey was amazing. I learn so many interesting deep things about OS's. I learned so many powerful things like Power Shell & Bash command, about user & groups, permissions, software & package management, file system types, process management, remote access, virtualization and the very most interesting & super helpful logs.In week 6 lab I was most struggle for submit assignments, i tried 4 times to pass the assignment. I must complete next tow courses in IT Support Professional Certification. Thanks!
I enjoyed the review. As someone who has experience, this is helpful to get hands on experience while looking for a new job. I can't give myself the experience of providing remote support by myself, so this course was very useful. I look forward to the next course.Three things that I missed while studying this course are: the Powershell ISE; the object oriented features of Powershell, and; BASH scripts. I am not complaining, but I wanted to mention that both of these fit into the subject material of the course.
Good material and well presented.  Runs through everything quick enough you don't get bored or lose interest but not so fast you can't keep up.  I enjoyed learning some new commands and a bit more in depth on some I was already using. My only nitpick (and its a very small one) would be that there is a bit of time wasted in having the instructors talk about what they are going to talk about...seems kind of redundant but the time sent on it is minimal so not really an issue that impacts learning the material.
Hello there,I can not say, "Thank you!" enough.  Taking this course is so rejuvenating.  I am a first generation University graduate that worked very hard to put myself through school clear to completion and yet my career has been a very challenging one.  Due to this, the cost of completing the University degree has caused great concern at times.  Taking steps to complete this course gives me such hope and preparation for a more stable career future.  Very grateful for the course.  Thank you,~ LaGayla ~
I loved this class.  I'm excited to use what I've learned and even though I have completed the course I still review my notes and the videos.  When I get stuck or cant remember exactly what to do, I can review the video(s).  Qwiklab could be tricky, mostly because I would shrink the instance so I could read the instructions again, and occasionally pull up my PowerShell rather than the one in the VM.  Overall, it was a great experience that I enjoyed.  I look forwared to using my new Power User skills.
wow, i never thought i was going to finish this course. there were some areas that were kicking my rear end but eventually overcame the situation. very informative and instructive program. i wonder how can we memorize all those commands? there is a lot in these trainings that if i don't practice i think might forget some of these lessons. i guess i need to keep reviewn videos and reading until i find a job in which i can actually put all i've learned into practice. Good luck for the new students.
Awesome course which will make you a power user of windows and linux operating systems. Thanks Cindy Quach for a great lecturing. I decided to 4 star because, I had issue with the last lab of windows "Use Logs to Help You Track Down an Issue in Windows ".  But they cleared it within a day. If anybody having issue with that lab just remember that we learned during these courses(***contact for support LOL***), qwiklabs and coursera have good IT support team. So share your problem with them.
A really enriching experience. Great exposure to the main OS's and troubleshooting techniques as well as tools needed to start a support career. The labs are amazing as far as putting in motion all the knowledge acquired throughout the course. The instructor was very knowledgeable and was explaining the concepts in a very simple manner. She was fun too! Thanks, Cindy, and thanks to Google for making available such a great course. And of course thanks to Coursera for making it available!
A great course to get started working with powershell, commandline for windows and terminal(linux), understanding fundamentals of users, permissions, packages, disk partitions, and remote computer access. Cindy is an excellent instructor and her teaching is  very beginner friendly. There are a lot of resources to supplement the learning for this course which would help someone get more experienced in the field. Thanks to Google, Cindy and other instructors for offering this course.
Cindy Quach (Site Reliability Enginner in Google) is a really good teacher and she has made the lecture and lecture-contents very easy.Before this course I have never used Linux operating system or windows command line or Powershell in windows. It is a great experience.Now I am more confident about using command line Microsoft and Linux operating system although I know I have to learn a lot and practice a lot continuously to become an excellent and professional IT specialist.
This course should stay here on coursera, I have to finished it but I have to review all of them. I learned a lot, I'm trying to download all of them. But it's too late. I have to start over from the 1st course to download the videos. So far so good, just need patience and more practice. Thank you! to all instructors! all coursera workers. Looking for more to learn here coursera after this Google IT support specialist course. Thank you! see you again for the next courses!
The course is great, for people saying bad about Qwiklabs giving 0 in lab score, not connecting etc. it's not true for me, all are working fine. And believe me if I say this that qwiklabs is giving you zero score because you're not doing the labs right, there is something wrong on your commands. And for the connection, maybe it is because of your internet or because again you did something wrong on connecting procedures. The instructor is the best too, overall 5/5. :)
This is a great course to obtain more confidence in troubleshooting different OS: desktop, laptops with Linux/Windows and mobile OS (not too much information on my favorite MacOS though, just partially some things could be used which are for Linux). The course has nice hands-on experience, real Labs. I didn't do that much when I was preparing for CompTIA A+, I would like to recommend this course as addition and review for those who are going to pass CompTIA A+.
This course has been eye opening and a rather nice introduction to a broad, surface-level overview of how to use operating systems. The resources were great for direction into the the non-surface level information regarding operating systems and often difficult to follow for someone new to IT. Although the information was difficult to retain at first, I've found that doing the lesson quizzes multiple times had been helpful. Thank you for putting this together.
Good morning to the respective admins and to my fellow learners. I learned to remote control machines by the usage of putty as well as Remote Desktop Connection, which my previous lessons 10 years back were unable to teach me in detail. I am a very curious learner, I want to know more see more learn more. I believe I can learn from everyone and there is a hidden gem in everyone I meet in life. Please enlighten me with wisdom, thank you have a nice day.
This course " Operating Systems and you: Becoming a Power User " was wonderful, For me Windows OS was very easy, power shell was easy, but Linux was so difficult and tricky for me because of it's coding. Anyway still i really enjoyed a lot  this course, Especially I learned and realize that this course is design as a bridge between Windows and Linux and its important for any IT Specialist to learn about Linux, Windows and also MAC Operating System.
Even as someone with years of experience troubleshooting both Windows and Linux, I learned a lot about various command-line tools which make that job easier. The assignments at the end of the course were the most practical I've seen in an online course like this, designed to challenge and test the knowledge you've learned throughout the course with very little hand-holding. Definitely my favorite course in the Google IT Pro cert so far.
Once again great course! Very well structured and with elevating difficulty especially in the Linux Command Line Environment. I really enjoyed this third part and looking forward for the next one! Keep it up! Great job with this course :) PS: I only wish the results of the QwikLabs update faster in the overview, because sometimes takes up to 5 minutes and several refreshes to reflect the lab result score in the course overview.
Really enjoyed this course, especially the hands on assessments. It's great being able to jump into the modules when it suits and to go back over anything that I might not have got first time. Seeing how much the instructor loves the topic just encourages you to want to learn more. Overall, I have a much better appreciation of how little I know, but this has opened my eyes to start the process of building up these skills.
Great to learn more about PowerShell (which I've used a bit in my current job) and really nice to learn about Linux. I previously had very limited experience with Linux and Bash but now feel much more comfortable with it. While I don't know a ton of commands yet, I know enough that I feel confident in playing in a Linux sandbox. Planning on either running a virtual machine or installing Linux on my old laptop.
Thanks a lot for this course and opportunity. Really interesting, especially to grab understanding and fundamental skills on having control over OS. Yet, there are a lot of things to learn, but I heard somewhere that this is a long journey, that never ends, each time you conquer a step, there are more to learn. So thanks for this strong foundation and excellent new skills. Special thanks to Cindy Quach.💕
Before this course all I knew was that I needed an operating system on my computer in order to get my work done. Now I know how to deploy an operating system, build and edit filesystems, manage users and groups, modify permissions, install and update software, manage processes, connect remotely, and monitor my systems – all from the command line! What?! I can't wait to find out what else I can do!
I came from a background of heavy GUI use so going into command lines for me was like being asked to murder kittens at first but actually then you find out that in fact command lines can turn kittens into ultra deadly and fast tigers so it was awesome when you get the hang of it. Teacher Cindy is very good at teaching also she seems to own 100+ different laptops that she uses for every video.
This course was incredibly satisfying and being able to experience different OSes and their different system tools and commands. For me, it was particularly fruitful to learn more about Windows System Management and Powershell. The supplemental readings are a great way to engage as much or little as you want and even for people with some knowledge or experience, there's still a lot to learn.
I really like the course because it give you real feel of operating system how on the micro level it works. I mean when you read about operating system theory how it manages every thing like process, memory, blah blah that is necessary but we don't get hold of every thing but this course was wonderful awesome it get you dive deeper to deeper along with extra info all was boom boom boom
I thought this would be the easiest course to complete being that I knew how to install an operating system. I was wrong . This course actually  broke down software  from an equally challenging perspective as hardware. Great work for all involved. I think I like This course the best. I managed to complete without having to rebuild another accidentally smashed laptop. A Joke. Thanks.
This course offered a lot of information.  However, I had to also employ YouTube and supplemental reading to give the needed information and skill to complete the various grade assignments.  I was not able to complete any on the first try.  Yet each "failure" pushed me to review the videos, study, and seek further references until I had the skills required to complete the tasks.
This is an excellent course for beginners to learn about Windows and Linux OS. This will really help you start your journey. Be patient, I can't stress that enough, and you will persevere. The lessons are very detailed and they go really in-depth to help you really understand what exactly is happening. I recommend taking  detailed notes to help you refer back to the lessons.
This course is very engaging and contains a lot of information about different operating systems one might be dealing with in the real work place. I really enjoyed going through all the labs and getting hands on experience with PowerShell / Linux Commands. It's really useful to know how to do things from the Command Line rather than the GUI. I highly recommend this course!
It was really a great experience learning this. The parallel study of Linux and Windows actually made it so interesting. But obviously Linux won :-) Moreover, got an opportunity to learn so much and that too in an efficient manner. Qwiklabs were also too good. It was my first time with them and it was a great experience.Thank You, GoogleThank you Cindy ma'amThanks Coursera
This course gives me a brief but solid introduction to OS. I learned to use commands to navigate in the system instead of using GUI and learned why this way is sometimes better. The assessments require me to type the commands I just learned in VMs, which is amazing because it gives me a taste on what it feels like to use these commands and skills to tackle real IT issues.
I found this course to be rather challenging.  It has pushed  me to read and study additional supplemental material not provided by this course.  I believe this course is a real good starting point for anyone looking into to becoming a power user.   It opens the door to Window's Powershell and  the use of Linux commands.   Good Job!  Google.   And, thank you, Coursera.
I would suggest dividing the Windows and Linux into just windows courses and just linux courses. Even though the steps are almost the same for each OS, the differences are just enough to be confusing during test time. I had to go back and review just the windows sections and then just the linux sections to get through it. It made so much more sense that way. Thanks!
This course and series of courses are special.  You will definitely become a power user of these tools. You won't look at your computer the same.  I started with a windows machine and two old computers that I was going to get to fixing now I have a Linux ubuntu studio system, a MacBook, and a Windows system.   Now, I have plans to get a server.  It's a lot of fun.
Similar to the previous course on the Bits and Bytes of Networking, I feel there was a lot concepts that were explained in detail which truly helped to internalize the complexities between each Operating System and also their similarities. I truly believe I've gained an extra edge and depth of technicality through this learning experience of Becoming a Power User.
Content was exceptionally prepared, organized and easy to follow. The course was challenging (especially if you don't have much of an in-depth OS background) but the interactive labs, practice quizzes and videos were very much helpful in letting the content sink in. One should also utilize the old-fashioned notebook and pen to enable concepts to sink in.
This course was a great experience for me, I learned a lot and it has made me aware of how much I still need to learn. I congratulate the google and coursera team for such a magnificent training. And yes, I will continue the training because these courses are worth completing, especially if I am going to start a career in the world of technical support.
Thank you very much to all of you. I learned so many interesting things in this course and to be honest I feel prepare to face a challenge in the IT field. Now I am more confident and I have adquire the knowledge I need to be taken as an excellent candidate for a job offer. Finally I would like to say thank you for the interview tips along the courses.
This was a tough course to keep all of the commands for both Linux and Windows PowerShell straight, but now I have a much better understanding of how these OS's work, how they are similar and different from each other, and how they interact in a network.I am thinking about partitioning my hard drive to install Ubuntu on my computer so I can learn more!
It was challenging.  I am learning IT, even though am not sure if I will find a Job in this field.  Nevertheless, I am 100% certain that all the fields from now on will require some knowledge of IT.  Hence my interest in this course.  I would recommend to anyone in any professional career, to take an interest in IT, because computers are here to stay.
Fantastic course, chalked full of information to understand OS's, navigate command lines in both Windows and Linux and gives you the tools to execute and troubleshoot OS's.Some of the labs have bugs to look out for and work-around necessary, until these problems are resolved consult the discussion board for tips and tricks to complete the assessments.
When I started this course I just had a basic knowledge about Operating System, but after completing this course I feel like I know about Operating Systems now, obviously, there's a lot to learn about Operating Systems, its a very vast field, but this course helped me build my foundations on Computer Operating Systems.Thanks, Coursera and Google!:)
This course was challenging, and I completed all the steps, but I had some problems removing the corrupted file. I followed the tips from the lab on "Removing Files in Linux," and I thought I did everything correct, but it didn't work and I ran out of time. I think there was a glitch in the program. Oh well, I passed, but I wanted to do better.
My review is 4.5 because some assignment qwiklabs is not well working sometime for after press green start  button have to wait 15 min downloading or system issue under 2-3 assignment. So, waste time for assignment. And other system issue qwick labs as copy and paste on site. Each video is too short. Please combine at least 5-6min each video.
the most interesting course i'v ever taking the subject and course parts were very interesting and i enjoy learning it .and the instructor Cindy make the this course very easy she use a way of making thing simple even if it is not ,i appreciate for Google for making this course which will makes me upgrade my level of skills to the next level
This course is crucial to learning operating systems, especially when it comes to Linux.  Your Windows and Linux knowledge are put to the test.  For users that are not use to Linux, you really have to focus on the Linux teachings because although the information is basic, it will elevate your learning of open source operating system Linux.
The course was excellent.  However, i do believe a newbie would need at least some experience to fully comprehend the material.  I imagine that the supplemental readings would help in that respect.  Although the quicklabs, frustratingly, did not always record my score correctly, overall, it was a great course that furthered my skill set.
this was a great course and I have learned that I have to not only study the material but I will have to find ways to practice and continue to work on the material so that I don't lose my knowledge. I did learner that Linux is not easy but once you learn it and start to get a hang of it it is a great and fun program to work with.
I was not easy but it was not impossible. This is how I love it. Very mentally challenging and the hand-on practice with the labs made a lot of sense. I am glad to be here. I learnt a lot of great stuff that will lead me to and through my desired career in IT. This has been a wonderful experience. Heading on to the next course!
This is my favorite course in this program so far. I've learned so many things here that I can use NOW. The instructions were clear, I didn't have any problem to follow. To me, the labs were the most interesting parts since I can apply everything I learned. Now, I understand linux as much as windows. Thanks for this program. :)
I got very much knowledge about how the file system works in Operating System, how to permissions helps users to protect files. This course is totally awesome. I want to thank all the googlers who teach me to this level so that i had completed this course. thanks coursera and google for collaborating and providing this course.
The most practical course out of the entire sequence. The best aspect is definitely the labs (even if people are complaining about accessing them). Having two labs per week was a good way of learning the material (rather than just having the theory), and is invaluable real-world experience for training quickly on the job.
a lot information provided in this course, there are a lot of commands in three different shells and also in GUI.  Excellent video demonstrations provide through the course and great labs to have hands on. Definitely a great learning steps for this IT career, very interesting and this is just the start of this career.
Great course, which gives as much details about Operating System Power Users, lots of very challenging and useful information. You'll learn about Operating system core features, plus lots of tools and programs that are really useful. Thank you Google and Coursera for making such a knowledgeable learning experience.
Now after this Course am came to the conclusion its Perfect to make a OS Power User as Course Title is.As am using Computer since last few years but actually I was unware of the Actual Power of OS which includes Powershell, Bash, logs, & Many more new concepts .Thank You ..!! For such  a Practical oriented Course.
This was the most useful of the classes so far for me.  I have a much better grasp of using the computer beyond the GUI and also have received a good introduction to troubleshooting with Linux.  The parallel teaching of Windows and Linux allows for the basic structure and goals of the lessons to be learned twice.
This course was a great intro to operating systems and command line functionality. I now feel like I have crossed a threshold, and the next steps in my journey will be more comfortable and more rewarding now that I have a new skillset and familiarity with the underlying ideas and fuctions of operating systems.
This part of the course was actually very easy for me, i have alot of previous experience with about every operating system that currently exists which helped me manuever very quickly throughout this course. But like the other courses there were still some parts of the course that helped me refine my skills.
This course was really helpful in learning to use BASH on linux and powershell commands in Windows. It took the process and broke it down into easy to follow steps. The final process was interesting as it made you really think about the processes needed or the commands needed to carrying out certain tasks.
This course is very instensive it will show you the in's and out's of the operating systems Windows and Linux. I knew some of the command line prompts for imaging and adding to the domain but not nearly what was taught in this course, especially for Linux. Don't expect to breeze through, pay attention.
Not only am I a user, but I am not a super power user. I actually got to use some of my new bash skills in a data analytics class I went to last night. I was the only one in the class that was able to answer the questions about grep, pipeline and others in comparison to SQL database work we were doing.
The final assessments were a little challenging.  Overall, this course did a good job of introducing students to user and file permissions, and familiarity with the command line environments of Windows and Linux.  This has really taken the fear of learning Linux, and also using PowerShell for Windows.
On the scale of 1 to 10, I give this course a 9. I learned alot  about the Windows and Linux CLI functions that I can use to be more efficient and effect in navigating and working in the OS's. This course has made me want to explore further into the realm of Windows powershell and Linux Bash commands.
Cindy, your are one of the best instructor so far. Your simplified method of lecturing and impacting knowledge is second to none. I really enjoyed this course. Thanks so much Cindy. I hope to see you in the next course in this GOOGLE IT Professional certificate. I enjoy your teaching approach so much.
This was an amazing course. The explanations are pretty good and simple to catch on. I googled the same material online and it was much harder to grasp the content as compared to how the instructors presented the content here. Thank you for this amazing course. Can't wait to finish the certification.
This course is practically set to give you real experience in the field. Some Labs are challeging for a beginner but gives quality practice on what you should be doing in the field as an IT support professional. I recommend this course to anyone who want to join a career in IT as a Power User.
Wow! It was a really nice course. I am learned lots of things from this course. Basically, Google IT support Professional certificate included all courses that are so much quality full, and I also believe that every passionate learner was much happier after completing this course successfully.
Very informative, learn a lot and now enjoying working with Linux and Powershell which were like a foreign language for me 30 days ago. Just completed course #3, and not planning to stop anytime soon. Thanks Coursera and specially all those dedicated teachers. You guys are some real Rockstars!
Great course, but I don't like the Linux / Windows / GUI / CLI / GUI / Windows / Windows / CLI / Linus back and forth.  I would teach them separately, something like this:1) Theory for all interfaces.2) Windows GUI3) Windows CLI/PS4) Linux GUI (not much, but do it anyway)5) Linux CLI6) Recap
I'm not a genius and I managed to get 100%! Challenging and hands-on, I learned how to maintain and repair common issues with Windows and Linux operating systems. Highly recommend others who are into computers for work or play to take advantage of this well laid out and informative course.
This course was amazing to me. Ive been using computers for over 3 decades and have always wanted to code, but I have always had a mental block for some reason. This course gave me the fundamental building blocks that made it much less intimidating. Coding finally makes more sense to me!
I wish to compliment Google for the logical and effective deign of this Course contents, particularly as we start transitioning into IT Admin and more advanced IT support content. I have both learned and inspired myself to keep aiming to reach new heights. Thank you. Philippe M Thevenin
Incredibly challenging if you've never taken a step into command line systems.  However, very clear and straightforward training.  I highly recommend taking notes and separating your notes based on if the lesson is in windows or linux or you're going to lose yourself in similar jargon.
this course was phenomenal and absolutely the best tech course I could find. I feel very comfortable navigating around the Windows CLI and Linux terminal along with navigating different parts of windows I never knew existed. Additionally, I also feel comfortable with Virtual Machines.
This course taught me a large portion on Operating Systems and how they can be managed to our use. The most valuable giveaway for me is learning a bunch of Linux and Powershell commands which made me very much familiar with the command line interface in both these operating systems.
I really enjoyed this module, packed with lots of tools for troubleshooting and then some. Had fun setting up my own VMs using Virtual Box and running the linux  commands as they were being demonstrated. Added a few nifty tools to my support toolkit! Would give 6 stars if I could!
Try your best to take good notes especially with the commands for Linux and Windows. These will help you navigate the information that you need to access very efficiently. I made this mistake, and had to come back to some of the lessons as a refresher. Hope this review helps you!
This was a really interesting course. The week on disk partitioning was tough but everything else was great. Having to navigate on my own for the last couple tests made the whole thing more rewarding to have to figure out what commands i needed. Makes all the note taking worth it
This course is very good for newbies and IT Professionals. It's been simplified in an easy way to understand. You do not need prior experience to understand the courses in this specialization. My appreciation goes to Google and Coursera for making life better for IT enthusiasts.
This course was way more in depth than the first 2 and I truly enjoyed the challenge of learning completely new things. These courses have been great, very easy to work with, and the features are great for being able to go back easily and find exactly what you need to work on.
I just finished this course today, and I found it to be excellent! I found the instructor engaging, the material interesting, and the labs fun and challenging. I would definitely say that this course is very helpful for anyone who is interested in getting into the world of IT.
I really liked this course. The labs were a little buggy at first, but most the issues got worked out, and then they became easy to do. I feel like I learned the most useful topics (i.e., information that I can regularly apply to my work) within this course. Thank you so much!
This course, for me, was at times a bit tedious but I learned a great deal that will definitely help me to feel more confident in this field. Thanks for also having one of the more difficult courses have a female instructor. It encouraged me all the more to finish the course.
This course had a great many labs which were great to get hands on experience with Operating Systems. I liked how there were two versions of each lab - one for the Windows Powershell OS and one for the Linux OS. I took down notes on very useful commands which I use in my job.
Well, we've covered a lot of useful information in this course. I feel really proud to finish it because I was so scared about Linux OS. Thanks to this course I feel more confident. I know there are more steps to walk through to master both OSs but it is a good start. Thanks!
This course was great. A lot of these commands are going to be difficult to remember but hopefully I have a strong enough foundation that I can now find my way to the right answer. It'll be good to put some of these skills to use as soon as possible so that I don't lose it.
This Is a Super Useful course for everyone who simply use an computer! It is Important to know how the Operating system on our computer works and how to handle it for our applications. This course help me to find interesting and wonderful new things about operating systems.
A really great course for those who want to upskill their knowledge about different OS's and it really helped me a lot. I actually dual booted my system with help of the knowledge I gained from this course and it was a really Great experience. Thanks a lot Google and Cindy!
I found this course educational although I should have done this a long, long time ago.  There will be a great deal of learning in due course.  It provided me an overwhelming exposure to the basics and I would recommend to anyone willing to learn about the basics computers!
Learning about OS are really helpful in your IT career. I get to know lots of things about OS. like permissions, read and write processes, Remote working. The Instructor is really good and graded assignments is there for you to practice the things you learned in module.
Upon discovering a pre-pended dot in Atom interface, one helluva apocalyptic morning at 6:16 Unix Epoch Time, the Log Lady uttered: Me Love You Long Time.Hats off to Google's fun+mental team for "deep diving" into rock solid 6 weeks of OS and You: Becoming a Power User.
This course has really helped me a lot in understanding how an Operating System works and how can I work more efficiently using the command line. I suggest this course for everyone especially for those who are interested into learning more about what computers can do.
Thank a lot to Coursera and google for offering a mind-blowing course and amazing course material for me. I thank Cindy Quach for the wonderful classes and presentations, it really didn't make me feel that I was learning online course but as in-class learning. 😉😉😉
Quite challenging especially the External Graded Assignments for Windows (the icacles syntax, very new compared to the older and simpler DOS commands) and how toread the logs for errors. The VLC update only worked after using the "apt --fix-broken install" command.
This module helps students get a rough idea on how to troubleshoot issues in Windows and Linux operating systems. Most of the course content is managed with detailed explanations and challenging quiz and graded tests. You need to pay attention to pass those tests.
This was a great course. The OS is where most interaction occurs. Learning about the different commands between Linux and Windows Powershell was great! I was inspired to set my system up for dual boot to allow me to practice and become familiar with the commands.
This was an amazing course!!!! I have learned so much  and accomplished more than I ever thought. The beauty of this program is it has taken me, an absolute IT novice and provided me with skills that I never dreamed possible!!!! I fell like a true Power User!!!
I loved how this coarse filled in gaps in my knowledge base. I struggled with Linux due to my lack of exposure. and it works so differently than Windows PowerShell. However, the number of new tools I found that will help are nearly limitless. Thank you so much!
Excellent course, densely-packed with essential information for an IT career or any field that relies on computer technology. Challenging labs at the end of Week 6 provide actual troubleshooting practice! Thank you to everyone involved in producing this course.
I really enjoyed this course. It helped me familiarize with the different operating systems in a way that goes beyond the basics. I feel that I have a well rounded understanding of the important ins and outs of these systems that will be helpful in IT roles.
I felt like smaller labs could be implemented throughout this. It would help to go along with these either during or after the instructor is doing or has done it. But the labs themselves were seriously painful to get through and often did not grade properly.
This certificate course has been very challenging for me. I mean that in the best sense. I've hit metaphorical walls, gotten through them, only to find another to overcome. I truly recommend this for anyone that has decided that they have the WILL to learn.
This course was very interesting and hard but I've learned a lot. I loved the process of login in into virtual machines and completing the tasks. The most difficult was the final Linux virtual machine, so i was so happy when i completed the task and passed!
I am very happy to finish this module. the Instructor is very helpfull. I am appreciative of her patience with me. This last lab has made me realize and understand how important it is to keep my notes. This is college for real, only online. Great Teaching.
Great course, very informative. Solid fundamentals and plenty of complimentary reads that add up to give you a very comprehensive view on OSes and what is expected from an IT support person to resolve most common issues that might come up on daily basis.
I was so intimidated by this class initially but I loved it. It was well explained and I loved the support I received from everyone in customer service and how they would encourage me to excel. Thank you so much! I cannot wait to complete my certificate.
Throughout this course, I was able to learn a lot about the Operating system and how to manage it.I am glad that I decide to spend time on this course. It definitely helps! And I am hoping that all of this will help me in launching a new career in tech.
This has been the most useful part of the program for my current job. I highly recommend this for anyone wanting to learn the basics of OS navigation. It will help a great deal in launching your career path towards more advanced troubleshooting roles.
I truly enjoyed the activity labs and all the hands-on assignments in this course. The way this course is structured allowed me to get a far more in depth grasp on various operation systems and how to confidently navigate these systems in the future.
This was something I wanted to learn for years, and she taught it real good. It's very useful, every single time I have touched my pc since the course completion I have used what I have learned through this course. I am grateful. Manish Joshi, India
This course gives you clear perspective of Operating Systems and how to use them in order to become a power user of both Windows and Linux (Ubuntu) . Well structured course with Labs where you can practice the stuff you just learned in this course .
Excellent course! It was always scary for me to see IT specialists use command prompts. Now I understand fully how to use it and add commands on Windows and Linux. Thank you very much to all specialists who have prepared and lectured in this course!
Very full review of basic power user responsibilities and tools you can use. Overall it has made me more aware of what actions I can take to solve a problem and how I can narrow down the potential answer with the tools I have available on my OS.
This course was as well structured as the previous ones and taught by excellent instructors and they are inspiring, knowledgeable and passionate. The course has tons of great content and let you put your skills to the test using different labs.
I loved the whole course! I learned a ton of things and it was a special challenged to finish the last module of the course and realized that I actually learned a lot! Very happy! Thanks Google and Coursera for spreading knowledge to everyone!
Loved this course, I learned a lot from Cindy. All of her class was in command line format, and that is something that I usually struggle in especially with Linux, but I felt very comfortable with her teachings, because they are all hands on.
I encountered a few technical hiccups, but overall the course is very well done. The instructor is informative and funny, and the labs are useful and teach what they are meant to. Overall this is a very good introduction to the fundamentals.
I learned more about the Windows and Linux operating systems than I thought would be presented. What is especially helpful is the guided Qwiklabs and too the Suipplemental Readings on many CLI commands and other available downloadable tools.
This was a great refresher as it had been a long time since using any of these commands. Linux was a pain but powered through it after taking a break from it. I managed to get it done. Lots of studying and hard work. But it was all worth it!
I love the mode of instruction and the Labs are very good for learning. I had a difficulty with the resolution of RDP for windows. Its showing so small because my computer resolution is high. Kindly fix this for better experience for others.
I love how you implemented interactive courses. This really gives people an idea if they like IT. I already work in IT, but I did learn a lot of useful information related to Linux. Can't wait until an advance version of this cert comes out.
Very clear and easy to understand contents and videos. Labs are very helpful to stimulate real-world situations. Labs come with step by step instructions which makes it easy to understand and perform. Thank you, Google! Thank you, Coursera!
I really like the format of Course 3 Operating Systems and You: Becoming a Power User. I learn best when I can apply what I have learned to real life situations, so the labs at the end of every week really help me remember the information.
Great course it would be a nice parting gift to have all of the bash and CLI used provided at a cheat sheet after the course ended. So you can utilize them into your everyday life more readily. Thanks again for the well thought out course.
This was a great course with a lot of useful information that we can apply every day in our IT Support role. Thanks to everyone involved in the course, specially our Instructor Cindy who did an amazing job taking us item by item every day.
This course was by far the best one! Then hands-on labs were excellent and the content was great too! I have been really been learning a lot with the course. I am VERY pleased with my decision to purchase this course. Thank you Coursera.
Just ended a course from Google about Operating Systems. Learned about Linux, Windows, CLI, PowerShell, Bash, VM, file permission and disk partition, processes, and many many more. Hope that these skills will help me in my future job.
I thought this course was good, you are provided videos and reading content to cover topics. The best part is the labs where you can put into practice what you have been learning. I found the instructions for the labs easy to follow.
It was a challenging course, but I learned a lot on different ways to troubleshoot things in Windows and also Linux, which I do not use at all but know more than I ever have about it. This has all been very useful for my development.
Great course, very good if you are not great at software and how to navigate through it. This course help me a lot with Linux commands and introducing me to Linux. I believe that everyone can get something useful out of this course.
Great course!  The adding of the lab to practice the skills learned is a very rewarding experience.  I would recommend this course to anybody who wants to either learn, update or to kill gaps in their sill set of Windows and Linux.
The Course took both approach of theory and practical which enable me to grasp the concepts fairly easily. It incorporate real world scenarios which will help in my growth and development of becoming successful at troubleshooting.
This course really makes you a Power User.the main Essence of course is with operations with Powershell in windows OS and Bash terminal in Linux Os.the instructors will explain the concept very clearly and with real time examples.
This is a fantastic course if you really want to learn how to operate a computer to the fullest. I feel like after this course I am a more capable computer user than I thought I could be and I appreciate what I have learned here!
This course was the most interactive so far! If i made it, anyone can make it. Only thing I would suggest is to make a list of applicable commands. I recorded my own notes of the commands, and they worked for me during the labs.
This was challenging and enjoyable at the same time.  I definitely will need to review some of this course, but I'm looking forward to it.  This course has motivated me to continue on into the next phase of my journey.  Thanks,
Great course! Very informative and easy to understand. I kind of wish there were more labs and less videos, though, but I guess the amount of videos was necessary to understand the concepts behind what we would practically do.
A little bit boring but yet very interesting and resourceful. Got to learn a lot of things. Would recommend everyone to take up this course. Never thought that we can do such things with windows CLI and Linux command shell.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and the instructors who helped to make it  interesting and fun.  I actually, looked forward to spending my free time watching the videos ,  working on the exercises, and  completing modules.
In general it is a good course, you always learn something new.
The topics and the tools seen in the course are interesting, on our part it is to practice and investigate more in detail.
thank you very much.Gamaliel Vazquez
I loved the teaching method, filled with examples, links, pictures, showing us right away how things are done, and most importantly, the different topics were mostly all taught separately so it made it easier to understand
A very comprehensive course for using windows power shell and Linux terminal. the instructor gives detailed knowledge and easy to understand. Indeed a must-have a course for anyone wants to become more effective at a job.
I was always scared of tackling the use of commands but with the information provided to the videos and readings along with chat support this can be challenging but worth it and has motivated to improve on this skill set
Thanks Cindy. I have really gained a lot of information with this course. However, there were too many readings, it'll be very much helpful if that information was included in lectures as well. Otherwise, it was amazing.
Great course, Also the instructor is very experienced and she explained everything related to the operating systems used for IT support roles. Thank you very much for letting me learn very valuable stuff in this module.
awesome class!!!! this was an excellent start into all things Linux. I am totally pumped and it gave me the confidence to download, install and dual-boot Linux Mint on my labtop along with Windows. Thank you all so much
This course was very informational for me and displayed an area that I truly need to spend some time getting familiar with. Take Cindy's advice and try your best to commit the commands and there function to your memory.
Excellent course, both for total beginners in the IT field and as a good refresher for those already on this path. I have learn a lot of useful skills I can apply at my current job and probably on any future endeavor.
This course is presented well. Moreover, I felt that I learned so much more than I had in my college's Linux course. She, Cindy, is really good at explaining how the commands could apply in a desktop support position.
A lot of information that’s well taught but difficult to take all in. The labs are more difficult. Week 6 labs were extremey hard and I thought I would fail. I just kept retaking the labs and managed to pass with 80%
I like this course but the last part of week 6 assessment in Linux tough haha because it is use command line but In windows, easy for me to navigate and find the problems. Anyways, everything worked great as usuall.
Great course! But some of the parts are a bit buggy, so make sure to check the forums if you cannot figure out what to do! IT Support is about finding answers, so it makes sense to work on your searching skills now!
Great Course. I would really prefer if the Instructors would delve into the instresting stuff, instead of "chec it out in the next supplemental reading"....gets old after a while.Other than that - I am very pleased!
Great course. The multiple choice, however, should probably be graded. The qwiklabs was great, even if it was a bit buggy. The multiple choice, in contrast, force students to memorize the commands Cindy talks about.
Believe me this course is one of the best I have come across as it has a lot of practical aspects in it and I really liked that as it was very engaging and that helped me understand a lot of things about the topic.
this is a great course for everyone with little computer fundation,it will teach the most important and basic knowledge and skill so you can use computer smoothly and efficently.realy thanks for suplying the course
Great introduction to material.  Accurately and intelligently summarizes most important skills to be learned while not feeling like its a bare bones summary (which it is, but its a great foundation to start from).
This course was excellent. Cindy is an enjoyable instructor. No filler material or fluff in any of the lessons - just wholly useful information and exercises. I'll be using Bash and PowerShell much more often now!
Many gaps were filled in about the Windows OS and I learned a lot about the Linux OS.The course was well designed. Some of the Labs had connectivity issues but over a great experience!Cindy is a great instructor.
Lots of good hands-on knowledge. I recommend using VirtualBox and setting up a virtual machine so you can follow along with both Windows and Linux. Mirroring what the instructor does in the CLI was very helpful.
This is the most important topics for the IT support specialist for manage every needy work like install, update, remove, modify the file permission as well as software from command line using windows and linux.
not really packed full of information, but enough to make you dangerous. if you go off on a tangent (at your own leisure) from the suggested readings, then you will be well versed in how operating systems work.
Although the course is a essential part of the IT support, there is lot of commands used was not cleared up how you get there.  For example installing Google Chrome.  How you find the end part of the Command?
Cindy you were amazing!  I am so thankful for you and Google putting this course together.  I feel like I am ready to take on some tough challenges and solve some problems for some people.  Thank you so much!
This is an amazing course for someone to become a powerful operating system troubleshooter. There is a lot of things you'll learn to troubleshoot your real-world problems in Linux & Windows from this course
Although I'll need some time to remember some of the commands in Linux, I really enjoyed working within it and after I build my tower, I plan on partitioning my hard drive so I can train more within linux.
With this course you do not only get the Windows side of things but I also really enjoyed learning more about Linux than I ever thought I could. Instructions are correctly paced so you won't miss a thing.
I felt I learned a lot of practical information in this course. It was nice to learn that I actually knew some of the stuff, even if I didn't necessarily understand what I was doing or why - I know now!
Again an excellent course by google for anyone interested to work on OS's using command shells.Those interested in becoming IT Support  Specialist must join this course in order to upgrade/build skills.
O my!!!!!!!!!  This has been the best learning experience of my life:)  Thanks go out to coursera and google and Devashish at quicklabs.  Thank you so much for letting me a part of this class.  WOW:)
Excellent advice on carving it in a stone and being too stubborn to quit.  So much of what is seen is sugar coated instasnap filtered that hearing Leverage your Strengths and work hard is reassuring.
It is an amazing course where you will learn not only the basics of the mayor OS, but also go beyond and handle different useful commands and shortcuts when troubleshooting those challenging issues.
It was a really good course.I knew some of the thigs showed through the lessons but, I learned a lot of new and useful things.I would really recomend this course to someone that is starting in this.
Great labs, if you do the commands and perform what you are learning while you are going through the program the labs and quizzes are a breeze.  Loved the hands on experience. I'm glad I took this.
Though I knew a lot of stuff by self - learning. This course helped me advanced my knowledge in an organized way. Thank you Coursera and Google for giving the oppurtunity to enroll for this course
Of Course these course was Amazing To learn in Windows and Linux too.I was Compete it in 1 day with all the videos, reading materials and graded assignments too. It was great learning from Google
Well , quite wonderful ! Windows ws abit tougher than the linux .  some command syntax are long which require much practice . THank you so much Cindy and all your hard work pays off . Cheers !!!!
It's a great pleasure to learn how to deal with Operating systems with GUI, Powershell, and Linux. This course is definitely useful for those who wish to become a power user in operating systems.
This course really goes in depth with shell commands, and navigating the windows and Linux OS'It was very informative, and the tests walk you through using the commands by using virtual machines.
The information provided in this course is amazing. The quantity and quality. You will be apply this information in your job and home life. It has made me a better PC user and command line user.
the course was a real eye opener, and finished off nicely in week 6 with some assignments, where we had to go back over a little of what we were taught to complete them. really enjoyed this one
Such an exciting course! It teaches the basics of using the command line for both Windows OS and Linux (Bash). Definitely would recommend beginners to try this out and broaden their skill set!
Was definitely a challenge getting through the Windows and Linux parts of the course. Will definitely practice what I learned to keep it in memory. Was well taught by an excellent instructor.
Went over quite a bit of coding, took me a while to get how some of the concepts work. I'm still not sure if I understand entirely but I'm sure with practice and regular use I'll get it down.
Simply superb!..Struggled on assessment of WK 6 though. But luckily there was help in the forum>moderator explained on LINUX commands.Kudos to Google and Coursera for an amazing content!!!
The instructor, Cindy Quach is amazingly beautiful. I wish she could read this ;-) She is great at her work and really knows how to make you understand things. Love Cindy <3 Love Google <3
Good overall Course however I would have found it easier to learn the OSs individually. I.E. Go through all of the Windows information first then go through all of the Linux information.
This course thought me to master the skills in both windows and linux operating system. With this skills at hand I would like explore the possibility of becoming the windows power user.
This is the best course by far! I really learned a lot about windows and Linux systems administration.  I feel a tremendous amount of confidence moving forward in my studies and career.
This was by far the most interesting course so far. The lab was a little challenging but sooo rewarding! IT made me feel really good to know that I actually know what I'm doing now lol!
Tougher course then the others. I will have to revisit the linux portion of this course a couple of times or at least work with the package manager a bit more. Really enjoyed this one.
Very Interesting course, with the last System Updates from Windows and Linux. I become very fast handy with the Linux Commands, as well of a better way to solve issues with Microsoft.
Very informative. It is refreshing for learners with previous experience. Great lab support. Sharpens your skills in fast thinking and solution development. Great work. Thanks Google!
This was a great introduction to working in operating systems as an IT student. The practice scenarios where you log into other systems remotely was very helpful in learning concepts.
This course started all the concepts of OS from scratch and I learned all the fundamentals of OS and other advanced stuff. The Instructor Cindy has very good knowledge about the OS's
Amazing Course! learned a lot about computers management and I'm looking forward to learn more about the topic. I'll practice the skills I've learned on my home computers. Thank You!
This was a truly exciting course! I feel so much more in control of my machine now, and I'm totally excited to try setting up my own VM so I can practice Linux skills on my own time.
This was a very useful course in IT section.The contents in the course is very useful and must know skills for an entry level IT support specialist and for  an advanced system user.
The course is awesome and a lot of skills learned . The tutor simplify all the aspect of learning which make it easier to understand and grab the knowledge. Kudos to the whole team.
I was intimidated by the use of the command line but after taking this course I really learned a lot and enjoy it, now I want to practice and use the command line more than the GUI.
The course is nicely structured and keeps you going till the end. I would say that some other paid training camps that I've been charged at least 20x more and have a bad structure.
A somewhat intimidating experience for a novice to dive into command-line interfaces, the instructor miraculously makes it accessible and comprehensible in this course.  Well done!
Probably the best course i've taken so far, love all the graded the tool assessments at the end of each week. Especially the final week, which really puts your memory to the test.
Great course very helpful for me to understand the Operating systems and how they work.I apply the knowledge in my daily life they learn in this course.Thanks, Coursera and Google
This has many very useful demonstrations, and are processes that I can actually see us needing to use in an I.T. career.  Not just a bunch of theory that may or may not be useful.
This course has given me so much, I learned a lot.  As for my feedback; I will recommend this course to anyone whom has an interest in the IT world.  Google I am growing with you!
This was one challenging course when it came to Linux, But overall a great tool in helping me understand the material as well as the hands on tasks that help even more. Thank You
There is a lot to learn in this course with Windows and Linux.  Using Powershell and Linux will always need to be reinforced outside of this course.    It was a great challenge.
If you do everything, you can get through this course. If you enjoy problem solving, you will enjoy conquering each step. You must use all of the tools to solve the puzzles : )
I really learned a lot from this one compared to the earlier courses. I wish there was more scenarios to continue working and troubleshooting in command line or Linux terminal.
This was the most practically useful one so far in my opinion. Using the skills from the previous classes combined with this one, one can troubleshoot a system with confidence.
This course was very informative and incisive. I have learnt how to use the Windows and Linux environment much better and understand the inner workings of the operating system.
Excellent Write-Up, compact, robust and resourcefull. And not forgetting the excellent teachers and guidance throughout the course. Everything gets more interesting day by day
This course was incredibly fascinating and challenging. I enjoyed each aspect and the ability it gave me to experiment on my own with the inner workings of operating systems.
Thank You so much Coursera and Google for giving me this important motivation like tool to deal with Operating systems and I really can feel a lots of improvement within me.
I really enjoyed this course. All I have to say is the last Qwiklab needed to be detailed more easier, but thanks to you guys chat agents was right there with me to help me.
This course taught me how important it is to know commands that will allow you to be more productive . Now im more confident in my ability to navigate CLI. Thank you google!
This course banged me up, but it was tough love. I felt like a baby bird being thrown from the nest. It was tough, but I'm walking away feeling more confident in my skills.
Very interactive lab setup for Linux.I am not really into Windows but some videos were very informative and hand full of new information on Windows CLI that i didn't knew.
I learned so much, and the learning was very well guided, with lots of practice to incorporate the skills. I'm very impressed and would recommend these courses to anyone.
Very useful, but it'd be nice if there was a go-to spot to reference easily some of the various flags and modifiers to the commands one uses to perform some of the tasks.
Would recommend more labs inside of the lectures for practice sessions. To continue more comprehensive exposure to the commands and process of LINUX/WINDOWS command line.
Great Course, very practical and useful in real experience using various smart devices. This must be a robust proof in order to assist daily business practice in reality.
This course helped me to be familiar with command lines which at the first glance, was intimidating. Thank you to the wonderful instructor, Cindy, who did the great job !
The course covered a lot of ground in Linux and Windows.  The opportunities to actually work in them in the labs was invaluable.  I thought the course was well presented.
This course is very challenging, it seems that each week the course gets more complex which is a good thing. Its a  lot to retain but i'm focused and up for the challenge
This was by far my favorite course. I am more comfortable with Linux, Powershell, and CLI. If you want to get in Cyber Security, this course is a must. Thank you, Google.
Always wanted to learn power shell cmd and linux bash thanks a lot for giving me this opportunity but i think i still have a lot to practice on.and the tutor was awesome
One of the valuable course for IT support career. I passionate to command to take all lesson and make sure all graded assessments in the course. I love it. Let  dive in!
Great challenging course if you have never dealt with Linux. it takes a lot of patience to go through the quizzes and also having to look up the commands for the Linux.
Helpful information, I definitely learned a lot, but like Cindy said, I wrote down a bunch of the commands, i just need to push myself to practice and keep using them.
In this course, you'll learn basic commands for command-line interfaces of both Windows and Linux. But, like all things, you'll have to practice and memorize them. :)
Very good foundational knowledge of operating systems. Hands-on experience with the labs makes the course real and challenging. Google knows their stuff and it shows.
This module was really good and I learned lots of meaningful information especially, on using CLI in Windows and Linux, to do deeper tasks in both operating systems.
The Qwiklabs were great and the instroctor and all the videos and sharing work growth experience were so motivational! Many thanks for the effort and care invested.
Very good information that was very informative and easy to follow. I will go back through the deeper lectures, but overall I was able to grasp all of the concepts.
It was great course. Really helped me a lot in understanding the concepts and enhancing my skills. Thank you Google and Coursera for providing such a great course.
I liked it a lot, I learnt a lot of useful Linux commands that now I will use a lot! I learn a lot about troubleshooting too, that for sure will help my day to day
The final course tests have serious issues detecting completion of your tasks on both tests. I had to repeat them three times just to at least get an 80% for both.
It was challenging but I learned a lot from this course. I have already been able to apply what I learned here to my job and help users with my newfound knowledge.
I feel it was a really interesting course, alot of cool stuff from command line to troubleshooting errors, to a lot of OS stuff that one would use everyday in IT.
I thought I'd seen the best lecture but I found this more interesting again. Already feeling like a Pro in PowerShell and Linux Scripting when is just the pathway
A very good course providing hands on experience in remote desktop as well as very essential commands in Powershell and Linux. Wonderful experience and learning.
This course was awesome, i work in the IT industry already and i learned a few new skills for my Linux use and will be glad to have this knowledge going forward.
It was amazing. I learned a lot about a lot of things in OS. How they work, how to get a hand on the OS, and much more. Super stoked to continue in this journey
You just learn so much in this course about operating systems and the start of software repair. I can't wait to learn more and jump into an exciting new career.
There's a lot to learn about Operating Systems that we do not know. This course covers the nitty gritty about all those things, that we never cared to look for.
If you have gone through it (completed the course) you would understand why I rated it so high. If you haven't done it yet strongly recommend it! Thanks Syndy!
I loved doing the labs because they help me practice. The certificate program would be much more effective if it was packed with a lot more labs for practice.
Windows is easy to use like removing files, killing processes, etc whereas Linux needs some more practice to remember lots of commands.I enjoyed this learning
Great overview class, lots of material covered, and the instructor did a good job presenting it all. Kept me engaged, even when it got a little thick. Thanks!
Besides her excellent teaching skill and explanation, Cindy's warm and sincere encouragement help me through this module. Thank you so much! You are awesome!
Probably the best course I have ever taken, but certainly my favorite so far. The instructor is excellent about explaining the topics and gives lots details.
This course was awesome as it loaded the minds with the knowledge about different mechanisms to troubleshoot various situation related to operating systems.
Very simple but intuitive and functional course for understanding in a simple way how to manage, to configure and support the most common Operative Systems.
This course provides lots of great info on system administration and maintenance that is essential to someone working in IT. The labs are super fun as well.
This course helped me aquire the skills necessary for a sysadmin role, and inspire me to learn more about powershell and linux. Excellent investment of time
This is THE hands on portion of IT support, this section showed me behind veil of computers. So far, this was the most interesting part of this program.
It can be a bit dry but power through it and you will learn many about many powerful tools to help you manage an OS better. Do not forget to take notes!
If you are need to learn about working with CLI in windows and Linux this is the best course.Plus you get the practical aspect of working with commands
A very information-dense course that teaches you a lot about operating systems and how the function, as well as how to work with them on a deeper level
The labs had some bugs at times. The customer support for the lab was very helpful. I appreciate the hands on learning experiences this course offered.
This was a very very tough course. It maybe work a lot. It is good. I've been working with Win and Linux since 2000. I appreciated the efforts. Thanks
This course really exposed me to a deeper level of understanding about operating systems. I especially enjoyed the lab in Linux however challenging.
Course and instruction are great!  I detest Qwiklabs.  Other than having to use Qwiklabs, I would take this course again and again just for the fun!
it has been one of my challenging course but thank God I am through and the opportunity given to be able to review the videos again when necessary.
Very fun and interesting course. I definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to become a power user of Operative Systems, like Windows and Linux.
I like this particulary course. I have learned a lot and I think it is pretty usefull for work and for my own uses. I will be glad to use it often
Very informational and I feel like I actually did something of worth instead of taking quizzes and tests all the time. I like the hands on stuff.
Some of the labs had confusing directions but overall the course was very educational. I particularly enjoyed the hands on aspect of this course.
Stellar! Lots of self-learning to do after you are done, as PowerShell and Linux are not to be learned in one go, but it builds the foundations.
Amazing course that teaches how to install remove control permissions and more stuff about os appsformating, partinitiong and remote controling!
Learning command line stuff was pretty cool. Before this I had very little experience with the commands and now I feel more comfortable with it.
Favorite course in the certificate so far. Was challenging and the labs had some issues but overall really liked the content and the challenge.
tough but i learned  a lllllllottttti am happy to have this opportunity  to learn how computer souls working ,not just know how  use it thanks
It was a great experience with the IT support Operating System as there is more way to go ahead so I will keep myself for the challenges ahead
Good course.. I like Cindy the instructor was cool and very easy to follow. The material is definately a challenge but practice makes perfect.
Bit lengthy course & lot supplementary reading which was vastly important to cover. Need this more explored in wide manner , just my openion.
Quite an engaging course and learnt quite a lot. Loved the labs and the instructor was great! Highly recommended for anyone interested in IT.
This one is very challenging, I failed the second assignment but that didn't stop me. I tried again and here i am. I got my certificate haha.
Really loved the course. Learnt a lot about Microsoft Powershell and Linux Bash, both the C.L.I s are wonderful for them who knows commands.
This course is well organized and well taught unlikely college course. I would recommend this course to anyone looking to get in IT program.
Really informative, but quite challenging. Take lots of notes and review the content before you move on. The last labs are really difficult.
I like the windows/linux blend of the learning. The instruction is great, and very user friendly. however the scoring on the labs needs work
very interesting course, learned a lot of Linux command-line, thanks. The labs were a little confusing in week 6, the other labs were fine.
It's always fun to follow through and hands on with the labs. Great work!I may need to come back again to refresh. Really enjoy it. Thanks!
I have learned so much in the past couple days and ready to gear and go for another job that excel in the field that i really want to be in
This one was actually pretty fun because of all of the commands and they way they were input.  It was also challenging for the same reason.
A definite step up in challenge from the previous course in the series.  Really appreciated all of the practical challenges in this course.
The course is well led out and the instructors really did their best to deliver the course content in an easy to follow and understand way
vary great and practical course, i enjoyed its labs specially those last ones that didn't have guide, and we have to solve them ourselves.
EXCELLENT COURSE!!.  This course teaches you all the basic windows and linux commands and the application of it in the most simplest way.
It was a great journey through this course. Waiting to learn more. Thank you to everyone who put their effort into making this course. :D
Hello i am from India ,thank you Coursera for this amazing Course in the field of IT Support .and thank you google for making this Course
Great course!I've learn a lot! Nice tempo, clear accent, easy to follow.But is it possibly to have someone answering at the Forum please?
Fantastic course! LOT'S of information but doable if you try. Would definitely recommend this course to anyone thinking about doing this.
I really enjoyed cindy quach and her teachings--- This course was also really fun to practice the linux commands and powershell commands.
Very well put together by all these young IT professionals. I'm learning tons of material to help me get ahead in Information technology
Great! Very in-depth like the other 2 courses. Instructor was awesome as well. Definitely enjoyed the more hands on labs on this course.
This course was very interesting but also a little challenging especially loging, the graded assessment lab. See you in the next course.
The first course in the program that makes the student feel like they actually learned skills they can apply to a workplace environment.
Awesome course one of the best I have taken so far and looking forward to look in part two of this course.keep it up and my best regards
This was a great course for getting started with IT work and learning different technique for operating Linux and Windows via Terminal.
This course had great, practical tips for navigating Linux and Windows OS'.  I would highly recommend to anybody pursuing an IT career.
I like the interactive lab at the end that doesn't give away the answers and forces understanding. wish there were more labs like this.
I found this course more challenging and interesting compared to the first and second courses of the IT Support Specialist Certificate.
difficult concepts were put together nicely, however, it took more than one time through each video to get full understanding of Linux.
Mostly great!  Some holes in basic knowledge, usually terminology, that can be difficult to fill in sometimes but I've learned heaps!
Even after getting this certificate, I plan on going back through this course to sharpen my skills really loved this course a lot...
Navigating the SystemUsers and PermissionsPackage and Software ManagementFile systemsProcess ManagementOperating Systems in Practice
Course fully recommended, is one of the courses that has more practical tests within the google IT certification, very entertaining.
Overall I relaly enjoyed the course and all of the content was pertinent and valuable. Need more literal practice during the course.
I feel the computer knowledge in IT Professional Certificate is much deeper than a BSc in CS/IT. (exclude database and programming)
I found this course to be very challenging! Although I am new to the IT industry, i throughly enjoyed the class and learned alot!!!
Of course it was an enlightening course but difficult for me to grasp and I reviewed the course over and over.. and over. I got it.
The course has indeed equipped me to be the "Power user". Amazing content and exercises. Great Qwiklab interface and Live support.
Not the easiest but I love challenges. The instructor kept a good pace and took time to explain everything needed for this course.
The instructor was very knowledgeable and gave great tips and extra reading materials to further my understandings on the topics.
Lots of good practice running commands in powershell and bash. This course was nice because it was more practice than conceptual.
Great Course.  The instructor did a great job of presenting this course.  Very clear and the supplemental readings are fanstactic
Very Instructuive. Love the emphasis on Linux... But i'm gonna need to install linux VM after this to apply what i learned jaja.
This course made me think a lot, which is great! I loved to be challenged and this course really stirred my brain but I like it!
Best tutor. Very specific and informative sessions. And above all, the hands on experience on Virtual Labs!! It was the best!!!!
A great course for learning the basics of using the command lines. The course is very well paced and Cindy is a great instructor
Its so much fun learning to use Linux while i was used to windows. I learned so much with a great teacher and hands assignments.
The lessons taught by the instructor is straightforward and easy to understand as well as learning it.Thank you for the lessons.
Such an amazing course & Incredible delivery!!I just can't over emphasize how happy and delighted i am that i took this course.
it was a great experince to work on remote machine .This course is totally hands on session .All the best for the team Coursera
This course opens the way to becoming an OS Power User. Years of experience have been condensed into this course. Great course!
Best couerse to learn about the OS. Hands on lab by google that is QWIKLAB is just awseome enjoyed the jounery of the couerse.
Very good introduction to operating systems, but I felt it could have gone a bit deeper in some areas and less deep in others.
HUGE amount of information!  I learned some very powerful things from this course, and got to exercise some of it in the labs.
This is my favorite course of the series so far and the easiest to listen to. One of the best courses I've taken on Coursera.
I made it through. It wasn't easy but yet still i was able to make it, On my way to the Top!!! Thanks to all the instructors.
Thanks Cindy!!! and Google!Supplemental reading in this course is very important (may be must be more )! All is very correct!
Been a long time linux and windows user for ages, and this course perfectly filled in the missing gaps in my knowledge base.
I will say that this course is a very tough one and it really helps you get a glance on what tools you need in the industry.
This course was really awesome.Instructor is really best,she explained all the things very precisely.Thank you @Cindy Quach.
Brilliant! Thank you for these fun and interactive labs which makes the course more interesting! Keep up the excellent work!
This is really good course. In this course include all basics of os and show how to deal with any issue how to troubleshoot.
A source of knowledge, best for everyone to learn the basics and learn using QWIKLAB.Special thanks to Quiklab and Coursera.
Good Team which told me about the basic and intermediate concepts of the Operating system. It covers both Windows and Linux.
Instructors were fab.easy to understand  though i faced problems completing the labs (via qwiklab)everyting else is fabulous
This course is not easy but definitely worth it. I love commands line interface, there's a lot of things you can do with it.
a spectacularly good course. I would literally recommend it to ANYONE who is just getting into, or planning to get into IT.
I love this course and I want specially thank cindy and team coursera and team google it support. Once again Thank you All.
The graded modules were the most difficult. Thankfully I pushed through and now have a better understanding of the process.
final linux lab a little frustrating tried to do it after doing the whole course took few weeks off came back and got 100 %
Really felt challenged in this course. Also began to see how everything gels together in a very real way through the labs.
You must improve labs especially stepsLinux shell must be before PowerShell all the a new command on PowerShell like linux
Amazing course, the instructor obviously has a strong understanding of the course and did a great job, thank you so much!!
It was a WOW taking this course and understanding how operating systems operates, either on the GUI or CLI.Thanks Coursera
Mentor was very cool, and the way of teaching these practical hands on can be hard, but you made it so easy. Thank YOu :)
Everything is fine except for week 6. Did I not fully understand the topic, is there a bad system with super_secret_file,
That is an amazing expereince for me. Alot of interesting things I learnt. This will prepare me for my career. Thank you.
Barring the little issues with Qwiklabs at the end, the Course has be thoroughly educating and the Lecture was wonderful!
This course is an excellent learning tool it has really helped me learn how to use other operating systems such as Linux
Absolutely loved learning with Cindy. I managed to get at least a dozen concepts of the seemingly daunting command line.
This course really gets into the details of the Operating System and teaches you how to navigate both Windows and Linux.
Great introductory course on how to use powershell for windows and linux command for operating system related operations
The labs were helpful to learning and practicing different skills, especially with working with remote support services.
This course has been greatly helpful for me as I learned how to find software errors in my computer and how to fix them.
This lesson help me opened my eyes more on cli keys and effect, but still need to practice and get used to the command.
my first course in Coursera . It's very usefull to learn . Five star is worth for this course .... wonderfull teaching.
It is a really useful and wonderful course and I loved it. The instructor has explained the concepts very beautifully.
This course was much more hands on with powershell and linux. I LOVED working through the log errors. Worked my brain!
This course is awesome - both in content and instructors! The delivery is both challenging and exciting. Thanks You!!
Awesome!! I have learned more in this program than from my Masters degree program in Library and Information Science.
i dont know anthing about linux but cindy mam was great to give us such a beatutiful basic commands of linux to learn
This course has been designed exceptionally. I have learnt a lot from this course about operating system functioning.
This is the most interaction I have had with PowerShell and Linux terminals. It will help with navigating IT support.
Great  Instructors. Awesome Course Plan, So helpful in learning and all. Thanks instructors for your efforts for us.
Personally, this was a bit challenging.  But in a good way.  I had to take my time, and watch my spelling and cases.
Had a little problem with the apparent shortcuts used in the command line instructions.  Got lost a couple of times.
I learnt many new thing & commands. How to find malicious files in Linux. I also learnt the IIS services in windows.
excellent with good and help full basic things to know every IT person as well as every computer science students...
This course is tough!  I have 2 days to figure out one command to up my grade on the Linux exam from an 80% to 100&.
This course was really helped me to understand new skills and concepts. Specially for Windows PowerShell and Linux.
Really great and informative course. We just need more practice involving these commands and regularly doing them.
Learned really a lot on OS and troubleshooting. And I want to know more! I reommoned this course for any beginner.
An individual is given I😊nfinite possibilities if they're willing to go the extra mile or the extra line of code.
This course showed me my strength and weakness. It also helped me to identify where I want to go in the IT field.
really very great course , learned so much about operating system (specially ubuntu) and about how computers work
Very good course content. Insightful and practical. Forces you to demonstrate your understanding of the material.
RDP instances have really bad connectivity, Linux rocks. Introductory course to really basic operations, not bad.
this course was the first to realy challenge me and made me really focus on the tasks. I had to redo them twice.
I feel so empowered with all the knowledge I have gained throughout my time working on the course material here!
It was a great experience, this course is the best IT course for anybody who want to learn and become IT support
Really complete course on how to handle Operative systems. I'm really happy about the things I've learned here.
Very Challenging but it was worth every pain staking moment. I wish the labs were more informing with final lab
Very Good Course...I loved it so much and the practical sessions are just boommm...Happy to complete the course
Very good course, it exposed me to more thing in Windows that I have not used and taught me a lot about Ubuntu.
Very well done on how to learn the material. Labs need a little TLC but that is what makes this kinda work fun.
I have learned so much with this course.  It was great that I got the chance to use what I learned in virtual.
It was an amazing course.  I learned a lot of things and also everything was well prepared and understandable.
So far this course is much more than I expected. I am looking forward to the second half of the IT specialist.
A very fun and interactive course. The last graded assessment was specifically very interesting and fun to do.
Learned a lot from this course hopefully the knowledge will help me in my job. I wish all the best. Thank you.
This is a very important course, with so many relevant techniques that I need to review it more than one time.
Well, those labs at the end were super challenging, but forced me to learn.  Also, I must say amazing support.
Superb course! gained lots of hands-on experience with the help of qwiklabs special thanks to the instructor.
Lots of content to learn from! For basic users, there is going to be new informations, commands and concepts!
Cindy is an amazing instructor. Loved her videos and explainations.very educative and addictive and engaging.
Quite the informative course. Not extremely difficult and definitely worth every minute if you are new to IT.
Excellent course, some glitches within the labs but was able to overcome those situations. Highly recommended
excellent course with very clear and fun explanation , many things to learn from this course thanks coursera
Qwikilabs doesn't always work. Paying for the course I expected it would be smoother, hopefully it is fixed.
I've really enjoyed learning from this course and I look forward to using these skills in my future career.
I am very excited that I have been able to gather a lot of knowledge and I am ready to make a career in IT.
Great course for begginers, very informative, engaging and practical for both Linux and Windows enviroment.
The teacher breaks things down so well and she also gives you the feeling that you're in the room with her.
This is such an excellent course. I really learnt a lot. Thanks so much Google for adding value to my life.
You can really tell the investment Google and Coursera have taken to make such a great course.  Keep it up!
I like how interactive the lessons were and I felt like I got hands on experience with what I was learning.
its very helpful to us the beginner training is very clearly to understand thank u beginner, thanking you.
Thanks, Cindy Quach for teaching me a lot of information that I didn't know about it. Thank you very much.
The labs in OS and You are great and will be really helpful in the future. The instructor is awesome also.
This is a very good program. i am happy to pass the 3rd course. I will enroll in the 4th course right now!
I'm so glad I'm taking the right steps and doing what I have been doing. Studying late nights, during work
This course is where everything starts to come together. Looking forward to the other half of the program.
This is really a great program, I will recommend this for people who want to start a career in IT Support
loved it!!! great course in detail how the OS works, implement, troubleshoot the os in Linux and windows.
This one was a lot of fun. It was a lot more hands-on and I feel like I learned and reviewed quite a bit.
Full of valuable information with nice presentations! The last week practical exam was a really good one!
This was an intense course. Looking forward to the next course and Advance my knowledge about IT Support,
Definitely more challenging than the first two course and I am greatly appreciate the material. Thank you
I really love it...Lots of practicals in it..It helps our minds to come up and help in the coming society
The course was very practical and the labs were really engineered to help one apply the acquired skills.
learned a lot in this course, this along with self-study will be Good start.I thank all the instructors.
nice os concept with practical knowledge like install,update,remove through cmd as well as windows shell
It was a fantastic course. I have learnt a lot of new things from this course. Thanks Google & Coursera.
It was a great course, i think the test taking process could have been smoother but overall good course.
I recommend this course for everyone even if you think you know a lot about systems, you probably wrong
I got to learn so many practical things in this course which can be used for day to day troubleshooting
This was a great course!!! I love the hands portion the best. I would like to do more labs for practice
Good Course and I really learned many things and it was almost practical. Thank you Google and Coursera
It was a little struggle but I made it through. There was a lot to learn to work on the Linux platform.
I'm glad to done with this course, i want to thank cindy for all hard work she did for us -All Love <3
A lot of information to cover, I suggest you take very detail notes. I love the videos in this course.
I loved this course.  It taught me a lot about operating systems and commands in powershell and linux.
The quizzes finally let you do the work which is what i had been waiting on from the previous courses!
i really enjoyed this course. I wish there were more opportunities to practice built in to the course.
Working with Linux is kind of stressful but I love the way they organized the course and its content.
Brilliant course so well presented! I learnt so much doing this I can't recommend this highly enough!
helped me a lot.At beginning it kind of seemed tough but thanks to the tutor she made it an easy job.
The labs really helped me learn the different Operating Systems. Thank you for hosting this training.
There was a TON of information in this course and the labs were tough at the end but it's been good.
Super Fun course! Never thought I would like to use Bash or PowerShell but its very fun and helpful!
The training is great.  The Qwiklabs needs work.  I have had issues that had to be resolved in chat.
This course is very information heavy but is interesting to interact with the Os in interesting ways
I got a lot from this course and definitely recommend it to anyone wanting to learn to use commands.
I have always wanted to learn how to use CLI, this course is really helping me do this proficiently!
It was really challenging yet interestingly awesome, thanks for the experience. Moving to the next!
I enjoyed it. The hands-on experiences at the end were great. It showed what you know and not know.
I'm glad because I can more in learning the OS, I get so much knowledge that I've never got, Thanks
Becoming a Super User is possible with Coursera and Google. Many thanks for creating these courses!
I learned many new things from this course. i'm Very much satisfied with this course. Thank You :)
great course, clarity purpose with appropriate deepth and extension provided by supplement reading
Good next step. I had issues with the system stating I had completed the course but learned a lot.
Very informative I learned a lot I would like to say Thank you to the instructors and to Coursera
I really learned something that for a long time I wanted, learn about basic commands in the shell
this is why I get the most I.T knowledge that I need I gained so much knowledge about this course
The module material was helpful, but the last virtual machine assignment could have been clearer.
This Course was very informative. Qwiklabs were good.Working with Powershell and Bash was great.
It was great experience to work with hands on labs and learn with gorgeous instructor like Cindy
Very useful and it makes you real command line wizard in operating system like Windows and Linux
I love to learn new features. In this course I love to deal with log events in windows and Linux
Was a really good lesson on OS's and how to do certain things within them from the command line.
I learned so much I didn't know that I didn't know. VERY informational and dense. Pay attention!
This course was very challenging, but I learned quite a bit of information and computer skills.
The  course was well put together and easy to follow. I would definitely recommend it to anyone
It's a good course for beginners for Windows ClI command and shell in Linux. Worth of learning.
It's really tough and covered a lot of the IT, its deserve a five star and 10 star if i can :)
its too good for everyone to know about operating system this tutorial is good thanks cindy :D
This course was very informative. The interactive labs are a good source of hands on learning.
Very informative...They just make learning so fun..Thank you Google for putting this tpgether
This course was full of information, I would recommend it to anyone interesting in iT Support
Provide basic but enough knowledge for everybody who want to place a first step in IT career.
This course has been the most difficult for me yet, but also the most satisfying to complete.
Great content and depth of this course , i really loved it and especially Cindy made it fun.
Excellent course digging into many topics of supporting Operating Systems in the real world!
I learned a lot from this course. The Linux stuff was super informative as I'm new to Linux.
The course was pretty good , it gave me a new to perspective to look into operating systems
Very good course, Ive learned many things about operating systems that I didnt know before.
Very helpful and with a nice structure, will introduce you in the CLI user/group management
Really comeprehensive. Wish there was a way to get hands on experience through the program.
excellent course and really makes you understand how OS's work . Great for Linux beginners
it was okay i wish we can get the list of common commands that we can keep it to reference
I thank the team who had taught me the real use of operating system in hand on experience!
Offered some challenges, but stuck them out.  I am glad to have taken part in this course.
It was very awesome getting to know various commands in Linux that I didn't know of before
This course was awesome, my favorite so far. Very informative even for an IT Professional.
The info in this course is really good and useful, but the labs been bugged to the roots..
I learned how to use commands from the CLI and logs to help me to be better with support.
This is a good hands-on primer to using a number of tools that go beyond point and click.
I learned a lot of things, but I need to practice a lot, specially the Linux environment.
challenging with lots of information, I liked the supplemental readings, so much to learn
I learn a lot of tools and techniques that hill help me out to be a better troubleshooter
this class is very good, you can learn a lot of Linux OS. It's very useful for IT Support
This course is going to be critical to my success in the IT industry I can already tell.
I really enjoyed this course. It was fun and I learned a lot!  The instructor was great!
Amazing Course and a in-depth knowledge being delivered about inner workings of the OS!
There should be any kind of cheat sheet with all the commands, that'd be of great help!
I loved this course , It was nicely explained and i was enjoying to explore new things.
Well paced, all the information needed to succeed and presenters that know their stuff.
Very Good contents and tutorials.Really enjoyed the Qwiklabs as it was quick to access.
A very useful course to learn the basic of commands in windows and linux and how use it
It is excellent, it covers huge amount of information and is well presented. Thank you!
This is the best course in entire google it support professional certification courses
This course was alot of fun! Though as always, the instructor came off really robotic.
Best course of the three so far.  I learned a lot especially using Windows PowerShell.
Really enjoyed this course, lots of diving into subject I had previously dabbled with.
This course was really helpful and I am encouraged to do course 4. Thank you, Google!
I had to read what I typed two to three times to make sure I wrote the command right.
Tougher than the first two modules but I am very impressed with the content provided.
Cindy Quach is awesome. She knows her stuff and makes the content easy to understand.
this course is a great way to start your journey of learning about operating systems
Comprehensive and straight-forward. I appreciate the hands-on practice with the VMs.
Very Informational and helpful with the online labs to practice what you've learned.
Great experience, especially for someone like me with no previous experience at all.
Awsome, if you see cindy, tell her i love her, and i cant wait to work with her soon
A great course for everyone. This gives lots of skills to work in Operating systems.
This was a good course. However, it might be very difficult for inexperienced users.
Got difficult in the end but I did it! Challenging in-depth course. Proud of myself!
Super useful to everyone learning about Command Line Interface on Windows and Linux.
it was entertaining and a bit difficult towards the end but it was ALL WORTH IT!!!!!
Really great intro to using the sophisticated commands, keep up the good works guys.
A great amount of information coming your way. Pay close attention, take good notes.
What an insightful course. Deep dived into the nitty-gritty of Windows and Linux OS
A very fun and informative course you must take if you are interested in computers!
Please update your Bash VM's to a more recent version of bash, like the ubuntu one.
Very challenging and yet you feel such a great feeling of accomplishment when done.
This was very informative and I liked the hands on labs for both windows and Linux.
I really Enjoyed it,but if you can put more quizes to this course would be amazing
I mean. i don't know why this course cant go pass 5 stars I would give it 10/10 xD
This course was amazing, very practical and an important part of a bigger journey.
Very Good Course to Start Your Journey to Become a Power User, Hats off to GOOGLE!
This is a great course to propel the average user to Power User status.  Nice job!
This is an excellent tool to grow in the IT field. I fell more and more confident.
The Course is awesome.It really covers knook and cranny of Operating system basics
trutly amazing,very informative.Learnt alot from this course,great for begginers.
Good course, intense and shallow both at the same time, good for beginning though
great content end of the day I learned a lot I would like to say thanks to Google
I liked the challenging Graded assessment where I had to operate mostly by myself
learn deeper and deeper my knowledge level is going up! Linux was hard, but fun!
Labs were really fun - I learned a lot about Linux, BASH, and Windows PowerShell
Although the course has covered a lot of material, nothing relates to the MacOS.
Thanks a lot to arranging this kind of awesome course. I am so much impressed...
Its a very good course but keep an eye on week 6 assignment its very challenging
Super cool course. Live virtual application was really effective to my learning.
Lab content has to be improved and needs more related IT Support daily actvities
Great tips and tricks.  My only issue is some of the Quick Labs don't work well.
Very informative and practical course. Thanks a lot for providing great content.
I have really learn a lot, thanks, have really understand the real command line
the final lab was intense, loved the feeling of having 60 minutes to completed.
Favorite class so far.  Cindy was great and the hands on labs were a huge help.
I am very pleased to take this certificate. I feel much better and benefitable.
thanks for everything very good staff  very challenge course  now it's done !!!
good coursei jad some problems in the last practice, no instructions availables
Hands-on application of information provided. Very interesting and informative.
I knew much of this already about windows but I learned allot about Linux..  :)
Definitely the most challenging course so far. Looking forward to the next one!
Cindy my Favorite instructor and this course is very practical and intresting.
Great instructor. Really appreciated the pedagogic approach. My best of the 5.
Have learnt so much about Internet from this course which I din't know before.
This was challenging yet very interesting. I am enjoying these courses so far.
It was awesome.  It was tech + art + fun.  I am very happy to be a part of it.
I have learned a lot and thank you for putting together this course materials.
It's hard but with a pen and paper you are able to understand it much better.
In this course, I have learned a lot more things about the operating systems.
Very Good course for beginners. Those who are learning server administration.
This course is amazing. It helps you a lot to become an IT Support Specialist
Good hands on samples. last 2 weeks labs were problematic and buggy at times.
Fantastic. Cindy is a great teacher who is skilled in every operating system.
Brilliant presentation of Windows and Linux command line tools and commands.
If you take your time this course can be very interesting and a lot of fun!
I personally loved this course!  Being able to do the labs was a lot of fun
A very good course for becoming a power user. Especially on the Linux side.
can be hard .need to  right all cLI  command for both power shell and linux
Functional information about Operating Systems and Administrator knowledge
Great online study material & guidance for success,deeper OS understanding
Favorite course so far, thank you for the all the different hands on VM's.
A great course , a steep learning curve at times but well worth the effort
It turned out more complicated than I thought. But now I really know how.
It felt a little long but was actually very interesting! I learned a lot.
Easy to comprehend for beginners.I feel quite comfortable with ubuntu now
worth to learn very tiny details any assessment are challenge to complete
It was definitely challenging at times but I gained knowledge nonetheless
Good overview of the fundamentals. It gives you the tools to get started.
Great course!  You will learn a lot on things you can use in your IT job.
The course covers the material needed to hone skills for an IT specialist
great course and a good pace, challenging in parts and very informative.
Best Course to learn and build your good foundation on operating systems
This was an awesome course with hand on labs .Love this one helped a lot
Learned so much from this course! The instructor was very knowledgeable.
Great intro to taking control of the computer and becoming a power user.
Excellent instructions that lead to successful completion of this course
Much more technical - but take your time and review and you'll do fine.
This is course is awesome. Explanation is very nice and understandable.
Truly amazing course, well focused on the skills required in the field.
I love this program and can't wait to continue on to the next course :)
really great linux qwiklabs here! super crucial for IT support industry
Very interesting course - it gives you a basics in powershell and bash.
Buggy labs aside, this was a great hands-on guide to Windows and Linux.
Yes the best by far! The coding here takes you to another dimension...
Cindy is a great teacher, the course content is great and stimulating.
Grea to start with the command line and start using operating systems.
Good course for the beginner who wants to learn the operating systems.
This was a fascinating and (just the right amount) challenging course!
Detailed video content and Qwiklabs for practical. Highly recommended.
It was just great. Very comprehensive, and pragmatic!!! Thank you!!!!!
Excellent knowledge of operating systems. Has made my life much easier
it's a very good course. I have learned a lot from it. Thankyou CINDY!
Extremely helpful and informative in describing the day to day IT role
Learned the values of Operating Systems and You: Becoming a Power User
A very good and well prepared course, I would recommend it to any one!
Very good course. It’s very challenging but worth the time and effort.
Thank you for making this course fun and informative at the same time.
Rough start with the labs but after the fix, everything went smoothly!
Very empowering course! I have leveled up! Thanks Cindy and Coursera!
Best course for great and deeper knowledge about Windows and linux os
Gained a lot of information about different types of operating system
The mock interview was really good. You should include more of those.
I didn't know any of this stuff and I love it when I learn new stuff!
I love the course, the material and the Instructor. I feel empowered!
Great course, have a lot to learn for using Windows and Linux suystem
IT DEFINITELY WILL CHALLENGE YOU AND YOU WILL BE THANKFUL LATER ON!!!
I loved learning from the instructor, Cindy. She was a great teacher!
A lot of really good information, take good notes to keep up with it.
I learned a lot, especially Linux, but even a little Windows as well.
I learned a lot in this lab. I liked the labs more then just quizzes.
Very parfait! Thanks a lot for all the grat stuff you shared with us!
This was challenging, but I've learned a lot to grow on and utilize.
I learned a ton! Thank you Cindy and the rest of the Google team! :)
this course has been amazing, i will definitely take the next course
Lots of VM work and labs that actually teach you to be self-reliant.
really Good !! Its back to lode days in school life !! Thanks Google
Aside from a few of the Qwiklab malfunctions, this course was great!
One of the best. As always, thanks to Coursera and thanks to Google
Great material and very useful course thanks to all the instructors
Things are heating up! Stack these Certs and knowledge and move up!
Great Course and really challenging, especially the last Linux task
Intense! But I loved the labs and learning Linux Bash command line.
So useful course,i now interisting in Linux and Windows Powershell.
great introduction to topics necessary for a IT help desk position
Well done Google. Lots of good exercises here.. Please contact me.
I really enjoyed this course, especially all the interactive labs.
Love Your Course, however, More hand on and practice labs needed!
Good courses Great teacher this woman is a wonderful one. Thanks!
It was really a though moment, but i studied hard to complete it.
I enjoyed learning how to actually trouble shoot and fix problems
Excellent course! Thank you to Coursera and Google for teach me !
very great teacher and very good way of teaching thanks & regards
I learned a lot and am a better IT Professional with this course!
Really good Information and Qwiklabs. confIIIDENCEEE INCREASING!!
Great Course for leaning and enhancing your skills and knowledge.
Good introductory course. Lab tsks and training are excellent too
so useful to learn everything, i was amazed how everything works
i was a good experience to learn the basic block of a power user
Very informational. Tough, but the information is very valuable.
A very descent course to learn alot about OS(Linux and windows).
This is Just a Blessing over Blessing... I am really grateful ;)
Learned a lot and will be putting it into practice soon! Thanks!
Great course! I have learned a lot with this course! thx google!
It was teasing and yet interesting courseThanks for the lectures
was very nice and helpful....also very learnfull. thanks a lot.
Virtual Machine (VM) is totally a new experience for me indeed!
Very Knowledgeable course and has improved my skills.Thank you.
Thanks , Cindy, Google and Coursera for such an amazing course.
Wonderful, Enjoyed Very much,  Thanks to the Coursera Team.....
Amazing! Cindy is a great teacher. I hope one day work with her
I was familiar with the material and this was a great refresher
Very great course.  I wish there were a few more hands on labs.
The further I go the more challenging it gets I just love it .
the practical labs are so helpful to understand the problems !
What a great course to learn. Looking forward to the next one.
Very educating and an eye-opener to how Operating system works
extremely fun and challenging, great content and practice quiz
The Linux lab was very difficult, I closed the lab by mistake.
This course is by far the best course i have ever come across.
Difficult exercises but well worth it as they taught me a lot.
This course was the most fun and interactive I think so far...
This course gives you many command line things to think about.
Its very useful for job as well you can learn a lot of things.
Learned a lot this course and throughly enjoyed the experience
constructor was awesome and engaging that i liked the most :)
This course was amazing!! i´ve acquired new  great habilities
I learned a lot because of this course. totally recomended it
I LOVE THE COURSE AS GOING THROUGH IT.IT IS FULL OF KNOWLEDGE
an excellent course. perfect for those without I.T background
The Linux portion was a bit more challenging than I expected.
Nice Course, watch out cause will make you a bit frustrating!
It was nice, but the windows part could have been less basic.
Its been a wonder journey for me to scale up and well tuned.
An amazing course, Keeping learning about Operative Systems!
Very very very best course I have ever learned on Coursera!!
Exellent Course. Learnt Many things.Looking Forward to next.
Tough course. Rigorous, but worth it hopefully in the end..!
One more course for a better future for myself and my family
Amazing course! So excited to learn more and more every day!
it was very informative, interactive and interesting course.
very useful resources and practice labs with great support .
Learned so much from this course, specially the use of Linux
Excellent interactive course. Lot of reading. Well worth it!
This course is awesome! I recommend this one to my partners.
Wow, it's been challenging but i loved it, thank you Google.
Easy enough to do if your careful and follow the directions
What an excellent course, now i understand more about linux
Great course by Cindy..Love to see her in following courses
great lessons very hands on. cant wait for the next course.
Nice course pulling back the curtain of using the pwershell
Score updations during assessments could have been quicker.
Greatest @ wow...salute and worship, sgt aye us army IT@HR
Excellent course for operating systems !!!!! Enjoyed a Lot
very much enjoyed Qwiklab practices and learning commends!
Thanks a lot, Google and Coursera for this amazing course,
Very good labs in this course. In feel I leveled up a bit.
Thank you for this great course and work you've been done.
This was one I was weak on and learned a lot of new stuff.
It is exactly as the title says : Becoming a Power User :)
I feel like I have been getting a lot of solid information
Course was great base material for a support staff member.
Excellent course, thoroughly enjoyed learning about Linux!
great. i've learn a lot, now everytrhing is about practice
After the course, now I am feel easier with command line.
I was able to really learn a lot. This course is amazing!
i had no idea you can "run" the tasks for the Qwiklabs :(
Provides basic knowledge and not too steep learning curve
Very Interesting, the methodology, examples, all. Thanks.
Tricky course at times but well worth it - very rewarding
Good platform to learn  OS and other things belongs to it
Amazing content. It truly places me heads above my peers!
This course expanded my knowledge, especially on Linux OS
What a great course, i learned so much. Highly effective
So much material, but presented and explained very well!
Class was very in depth and covered some great IT topics
Awesome Course.Great Mentor.Powerful learning experience
Nice information for linux that i was not familiar with.
Interesting and great knowledge with PowerShell Learning
Very easy to understand and the videos are a great tool.
wow.!!! awesome experience thank you google and cindy :)
Highly informational and challenging for me, personally.
This course has challenged me the most on this journey!
This course gave me a lot of information to go through.
lord! this course was superb. it really opened my eyes.
It is one of the most amazing course I have ever taken.
Good Informative and exhale to learn new things deeply.
i learn a lot... one of the best course in this program
Good learning with both Linux and Powershell commands.
Great knowledge! will refer back to this in the future
This course was very challenging! I loved the VM Labs.
Very challenging course and It's very well structured!
Great course to learn to understand OSes functionality
too much good things to know and too many suppliments
This is the best of the five course in this programme
concepts with hands on experience is just awesome...!
This was a very good and thorough course.  Thank you!
very useful to maintain to great career in IT support
wonderfull I enjoyed learning  but it was a bit tough
Very Good course with hands on practice Lab sessions.
i appreciate last course and want continuous the next
Linux command line will be challenging for beginners.
Amazing course, amazing assignments, lots to learn!!!
After this course I feel I am a power users right now
Was the best course so far. There is a lot to learn.
One of the best courses to become a real power user!
Excellent experience. Thank you google and coursera.
Great course! I'll definitely revisit this material.
Inspiring and fun to do. A bit challenging, but fun.
This course was the most challenging to me thus far.
Excellent Course. Hands on activities are very good.
Whoa, a very demanding but highly beneficial course.
Great course! Great instructors. Keep the good work.
I like so much this topic. I'm glad in this course!!
Learned so much in a short amount Great instructor !
Well taught, and the labs were fun and interactive.
The Linux section was very challenging, but needed.
Very well done on this course.  I enjoyed it a lot!
Very very educational!Well explained, not too long.
Learning every class... Nice course really helpful.
Great course, fell proud to finish do not give up!
This one was tough and I'm glad I powered through.
Super Cool cmd, Powershell, Linux so much to learn
Great Course and Great Labs! Love it this course.
Very nice course to learn about Operating Systems
Learned a lot in Command Prompt Windows and Linux
So far i enjoyed this OS out of last all of three
a lot of value information to enhance your career
Challenging for a newcomer to this genre of work.
Nice short course with a bunch of useful commands
Thanks a lot for the course, it refresh my ideas.
Very nice. I have found a lot of new information.
I am really enjoying myself while in this course.
Excellent Instructor. Well detailed explanations.
I am loving this course on becoming a power user.
Very good course to understand linux and windows.
Great course. Learned a lot about Linux commands.
Great information and hands on labs to practice!
Thank you for providing me with great knowledge!
Really challenging towards the end...I loved it!
Great journey of leaning about Operating System.
This course is very useful for everyone. Thanks!
it is great one i had learned something a mazing
great hope there will be advanced course of this
good, need to explain more better in the details
Loved learning about basic command line prompts.
Very good content ! Well prepared and presented.
thanks google team for such a fantastic course.
very important and very useful course i think..
Cindy did a wonderful job, the labs are amazing
Useful Course, I learnt a lot from this course.
This was the most so far and II learned a lot !
Great course to start out ion Operating Systems
this is great course to become powerful OS user
Very useful course for beginner in IT industry.
In my opinion is the best module of the course!
nice and learn a lots, but it require practices
Loved it started getting more and more hands on
Awesome study materials, I have learned a lot!!
Great course! I learned many practical skills.
It was wonderful course . Thanks to all of you
Very challenging but it is very useful skills!
Great course, great information, really useful
Great course and challenging at the same time.
Needed assistance with the final labs to pass.
It is an amazing course. Strongly recommended.
Very interesting and practical skills learned.
Perfect introduction to Linux and Windows CLI.
Greats Test Good Tools to try process learning
Really liked learning using the CLI interface.
Very challenging, and packed with information
This, by far was the toughest course to date.
A great course learns a lot thank you google.
Great course! I learned so much, many thanks!
it was good but its take me time to completed
Awesome course. Learnt a lot of new concepts.
Good and thorough course! Enjoyed it greatly!
It was great. I expanded my know how. Thanks.
The instructor was great and I learned a lot.
lots of fun, and very good instructor cindy!
it offered great information in this course.
Excellent Course! I learned many new things!
It was a great course!  I really enjoyed it!
I thought this was a great beginners course.
like in world-class mode but I nailed it ^_^
I learned a lot about Linux, it was awesome!
The best course for absolute beginners in OS
Great intro on how to become a power user!!!
Engaging and fun. Loved the Linux sections!!
Learnt a lot with regards to files in Linux
Linux command line was the most challenging
Most challenging part of the course so far.
thanks a lot to google for this opportunity
It's just greater than great for Beginners.
Its very, very beautifull. I am so exiting
Maza aaya. Its been al really too awesome!
this course was great. I've learned a lot!
great course for learning deeply about os.
Excellent course, i loved every bit of it.
It was a amazing experience with Coursera!
it made me think how powerful commands are
Thanks Cindy, you did great.God Bless you.
Nice intro to Linux, Bash, and PowerShell.
Learned so much and also had a lot of fun.
Very solid overview of OS troubleshooting.
greatly improve my experience, thank you!
hard assignments put well worth it passed
This was great. I like the lab exercises.
great course and fantastic instructors!!!
So far, this has been my favorite course.
This course is well worth the investment!
They taught us essentials skills. Thanks.
I Like, this course is very interesting.
Great learning and Lab was good to learn
very difficult but useful.great teaching
I loved this course!  I learned so much!
The labs grades could be more intuitive!
Thanks Cindy; this is a great course. :)
As a beginner it is very good experiance
great course, it was a great experience.
excellent teaching methodology thank you
Amazing course I ever learned so far!!!
Great course. Informative and detailed.
Would like a few more "hands on"  labs.
Awesome course structure really helpful
Good hands on exercises. Great teacher.
Excellent information, I learned a LOT!
Great content, wonderful teacher, A++++
Great content and very well presented.
Its very useful for improve our skills
very happy with what i learned thanks!
This is a great course for starters!!!
No words how can i express my feelings
Very insightful and helpful with Unix!
very practical and informative course.
Awesome course and awesome instructor.
Really nice course, I learned a lot :)
This course is lengthy and very useful
It was a great course for me to learn?
great materials to become a power user
Great experience and lots of learning!
last graded assignment are incomplete
Very Educative and interesting course
Good knowledge to have in this field!
that is amusing and very nice course.
In-Depth and Technical. Great course!
Excellent course on Windows and Linux
awesome course. Good segue into Admin
Challenging and rewarding! Thank you!
excellent and very informative course
A more in-depth look into the IT role
this taught me sooo much, many thanks
Fabulous course! Highly recommended.
It's difficult but I have achieve!!!
cindy madam explaination is too good
I learned so much. Thank You Google.
Great course for learning IT Support
Excellent and challenging material!
I have learned so much thing thanks
Very Challenging and Very Satisfied
Loved this course! Its very useful!
Brilliant course! Very informative!
Awesome course, loved the last labs
Thank u very much for this lessosns
Really Enjoyed Learning this Course
General usage of OS for a beginner.
The Linux was challenging, but fun.
Easy to follow and great narrative.
Greate Course; Learned a lot here.
Very Informative course. Thank you
Thank you i learned  alot # google
Definitely a challenging courses!!
Ultimate step by step teaching....
I would like to be apart of Google
I learned a lot and love the labs.
Excellent course! Learned so much.
Great instructors, great material!
Very Good Instructor. Good course.
Really nice and in depth material!
Best course in this series so far.
Labs need work, but great content.
Enjoyed the course. Pretty useful
Great Course and very informative
Awesome course. Thank you, Cindy.
The best course until now for me.
this course is very useful for us
Great course lots to learn ahead.
It is a great experience, thanks.
Learned alot through this course.
Best Course for IT professionals.
Hard but worth all the time spent
Awesome, beneficial and impacting
Excellent and challenging course.
Awesome course to learn and Grow.
The course was really beneficial
nice qwiklab for practice thanks
Its Really an amazing experience
Very Challenging and informative
This course is really help full!
6th week lab little difficult..
Very useful course I loved it!!
Definitely a challenging course
Lot of experience Thanks a lot!
Content-wise, this was 5 stars.
That a very useful course 5* :)
Great course, great instructor!
Great teaching. Very practical!
fairly easy & good explanations
Being a power user is awesome!
Well rounded course. I enjoyed
Great course, I learned a ton!
very nice course learned a lot
Very structured and methodical
easy easyfinished it on 2 days
I lot of info but very useful.
This is the future of all jobs
Always fun to learn NEW things
I learned much on this course.
This should be my best so far.
Great Course!  Thanks Google!!
I would recommend this course
Wonderful Hands-on Experience
Great course, well structured
Cindy was an excellent guide.
Challenging to say the least.
Happy to finish it in a week!
nice experience with coursera
thank you... very informative
great course trying to finish
great course and challenging!
Great labs! Always wish more!
Loved this course! Thank you!
I preferred the Linux parts.
best course help hands down.
Tough course, well worth it!
Amazing Learning Experience!
Learned a lot of new things.
good training and activities
I enjoy learning in Coursera
Learned a lot in this module
Very useful.  Great tutors!
The lab work was really fun
Informative and challenging
one of the best course ever
Excellent and very useful.
Difficult but interesting.
Very usefull for my career
Highly informative course!
Thank you. It is worth it.
really enjoyed everything.
the best of me. thx google
She is a very good teacher
Enjoyable and informative.
good got to try new things
i really loved this course
Great course learned alot.
Cindy is great!! Thank you
You get to learn alot !!!
Very well taught! Thanks.
challenging yet rewarding
So good and really useful
Awesome course. Thanks!!
This course is very nice
excellent knowledge gain
Awesome course i love it
Perfect knowledge course
best course with teacher
Thank you so much ...!!!
A training worth taking!
It is a very good course
A lot of great concepts.
Challenging, but fun!!!!
Loved the course Awesome
Very satisfied, thanks!
A Great Course Indeed!!
It'was very nice course
Great course but tough!
tough parts to this one
Fantastic Teachers!!!!!
Good course, thank you!
its tough but worth it.
i learnt a lot. thanks
Interesting Course !!!
Concise, to the point.
thanks for the support
Indeed a super course
This is a good course
Loved every bit of it
Learned a lot thanks.
it was really awesome
Great course and info
Very usefull and fun.
Challenging and fun!!
Linux part was great.
wIll be great at thIs
Great course so far!
good to know a lot !
It's worth studying!
Cindy Quash is cool.
This course is hard.
It is a great course
Good practice chance
Very good course! :)
challenging and fun!
clear explanation...
i love the last lab,
Thank you in advance
Very thorough course
i Like this course!
Good Course awesome
i really liked it .
very very helpfully
Thx for all, google
Good online course!
Really Knowledgeful
Very good lectures.
awesome instructor!
tough but valuable
good of the course
Really Nice Course
Enjoyed learning..
Enjoyed the course
Challenging course
wow awesome course
Power Users Unite!
Very best course !
A lot was covered.
GREAT COURSE!!!!!
very nice content
Am really excited
Very challenging.
I have the POWER!
Cindy is awesome!
Cindy was best !
enjoyed a lot ..
Very educational
Thank You Google
this so amazing!
Exelent! Thanks!
This is helpfull
very challenging
Very challenging
Learned a bunch!
very hard course
very good classs
Issues with labs
I'm so excited!
very in depth!!
awessome course
Great OS course
Taught me a lot
Great training!
Amazing course
That's great..
very effective
It was a great
learned a lot.
Yew, worth it!
grep knowledge
great and fun
Awesome class
Learned A Lot
Very usefull!
good  couse
Great stuff
tons of fun
lots of fun
It is nice
good corse
Got it all
good one.
was fun
I agree
Mt bom
Lovely
o
