As a complete and utter beginner to IT, I feel like all of the information presented in this course is in a backward and awkward way. Everything feels so segmented that I'm having a lot of trouble putting it all together in the correct way. There doesn't seem to be a natural flow to any of the lessons and it feels more like a professional stating something than actually teaching it. I've had to completely use outside sources for how to actually do the Peer Review assignment. I feel like all the learning I've done is from hearing about it here and researching it elsewhere.
Poor designed course with lots of meaningless talk, lack of example and practice, key to pass the test is memorize terms.
The course videos are so awkwardly robotic. Maybe if the instructors were not made to read it like that and say it in a more relaxed manner it would be better.
The delivery format needs dire quality control. I don't want to see some random guy talking and would rather see some actual slide to show calculations and step by step guide
Reading a teleprompter is not exactly teaching.  I find myself using other sources since everything is so badly explained. The quizzes have questions about things we are told about in passing.Many of the workshops do not work at all or require a special work around to get working at all.Very disappointed in this course. Do not pay for this.
Not explained well and could use more visual aids to help explain.
While I think that I have learnt a great deal of acronyms in this course, I feel that it has in NO WAY prepared me to be able to troubleshoot network issues.  There is absolutely no practical knowledge & no virtual hands-on troubleshooting.  There is no "steps" on how to do anything.  For example:  a section on Host Files.  I spent 10 minutes trying to find host files on my home computer.  nothing!  All these tools were are told about, but the information on how to use them is sorely lacking.  I was hoping after the vague knowledge that was given to us in the first course, that the second would be more in depth.  Not.  This has been a big disappointment thus far.
I understand that the material was dense and so they tried to break it down into smaller chunks, but everything was so poorly explained that fitting the parts together was next to impossible. There were not enough good examples given and almost no tie in to how we actually experience the internet, just an endless wave of acronyms, numbers, and technical terms that may or may not have been relevant to the quizzes. I hope the other courses in this program are not as scatterbrained as this one.
This course was EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to understand. Prepare to do a lot of research outside of this course, which does not help as well. The first course of the certificate was easy to follow, but this course is way too advanced for people with no IT background. I don't understand how people are giving this course more than 1 star because it is theory-dense with a lot of new terms that are not even explained properly throughout the course. This course is the same as the typical college courses where profs just read off slides without caring to explain what they're reading.
I am not happy with this course for the following reasons:1.Lack of visual aids in lessons.2. Teaching pedagogy depends on lecture manner without students interaction.3. There are not any presentation slides (PPTX) for the videos or lessons.4. Quizzes are completion sentences and this is not a valid evaluation.5. This course is full of definitions that could be clarified in a better way than that one exists. I think Google should revise this course and re-structure it.
Could greatly benefit from more a more developed visual component. Especially in Subnetting.
Really dry, Lack of interaction. There is just this guy talking to you reading of a screen
Learned more googling the subjects then from the course. At least one question on every test was a trick question and when you got something wrong, the only comment was 'this is incorrect please review this section of the course." Then the answer to the question was usually a single sentence lost in a lake of babbling. All in all it felt like I was either supposed to learn through failure or that asking the internet is going to be a regular thing in IT.
I needed to look up youtube videos to understand what was being taught. A talking head is not a good teaching tool for this subject. There were so many abstract concepts and acronyms that were addressed, but not explained. I don't feel like this part of the course has equipped me properly, and now I will need to look elsewhere to learn the information I need.
I needed help and non can be found. I would like to have some type of tutor available
Quiz in subset is very confusing,  not clear how to perform quiz.
The videos in this course are probably some of the worst out there, you are better off watching youtube videos on the subject and guessing on the quizzes. Week 2's graded assignment was more painful than when i broke my leg, It took me 12 attempts over 5 days to finally get the answers correct. Check the forum posts for the answers.
Since the "upgrade" the diagrams and updating have me at my wits end. I also respect the knowledge of the courses guided instructor.... But his voice is ambien.
I wish this course had a more professional name-- all the courses in this series have cutesy unprofessional names and I don't like putting them on my resume like this.I feel like the spent more time writing puns for the lectures than they did on the actual material or the assignments. It's hard to follow the path the material is taking, it's extremely wordy (so it's easy to zone out before you get to the actual facts and info you need), the puns don't help (especially if you're struggling with learning disabilities or if English is not your first language), the rattling off of IP address after IP address becomes impossible to tease out the actual facts, and heaven forbid you have a little dyslexia. There aren't enough useful slides/diagrams/visual aids in the lectures. The quizzes (especially the interactive exercises) aren't helpful, and are slow or don't load properly, and when they do load, they're hard to use with a high magnification setting, and often the color choices aren't great if you're colorblind. The phrasing of the questions in the quizzes tested you more on whether or not you followed every lecture rather than the actual material. I honestly expected a lot better from Google and this course is not the same quality as other Coursera courses I've taken, and this course needs a lot of work before I'd suggest it to anyone. Less puns, more quality, please.
The quiz has excellent knowledge for beginners and covers a variety of topics that one would need to learn for either Comptia Net + or later down the road their CCNA. My issue with this course is with the graded quizzes. The wording of the questions act almost as if they are trying to trick the tester by playing semantics. For example there was a question I encountered covering DHCP, paraphrasing it asked what would the type of IP be classified if you attempt to assign it to the same machine every time. "This would be "Static" being the IP is not being selected out of a pool of IPs. but the answer was labeled incorrect. Also in Week 5 there was a "1" Question graded quiz that has you move the wifi frequency to prevent interference. 1" the instructions are out of date and do not clearly identify what the course sees as "Least frequency interference". Also while interpreting the instructions you are given only 3 tries which will prevent you from completing this course. Not only do I think this should have been a interactive activity no graded. This is not how you perform a site survey. If you have overlap you modify the channels broadcasting (1,6,11) or move the direction /type of antennas.
95% of all these videos was a person at a table just talking. This was the WORST way for this information to be explained. I'm into computers and want to learn IT because of the hands on nature of it, so to see video after video of just a person spouting acronym and definition after definition was painful. Every so often there would be a graphic, that would help, but other times the graphic was only partially explained, or by the time it came up it was nowhere near helpful. Again, you could use any visual method to get this information explained, and I hated every minute of this course. If the next one is anything like this I expect to drop Coursera altogether.
Terribly formatted and extremely glitchy, which is very ironic considering this is an IT course. Tech support simply does not respond to any inquiries, even if they are as desperate as "this quiz does not function". On one of them, I literally had to drag boxes (which were either blank or had the text practically in another box!) at complete random until the quiz accepted them. The lectures themselves are horrible. You will learn more by just looking up YouTube videos on the subject.
I'm only on to the second week of this course and I have to second guess the the teaching methods used on this course. It seems that the designers decided to use the lazy approach of content dumping and useless memorization. Just by seeing the phrase "100% or more" to pass, you can understand the lazy approach to this course. Content its buggy having to close and reopen quizzes to  complete them, and just uninspiring in general.
Not having fun repeatedly trying to finish their Layers test which keeps marking me as wrong. There's no way anybody can fail that test since they give you the answers. Yet changing computers and browsers has no effect on the results. I keep getting failed at that one exam.Wasted a hour already today with this.
I attempted through both the course forums and contacting Coursera tech support to rectify a problem with a question in the graded quiz portion of the week 4 content. Both methods failed for various reasons.There is a question in the week 4 content that either is incorrectly worded, or does not have the correct answer as an option. This is not to say that there is not an answer that is coded as correct. This is to say that even if there is a coded correct answer, that answer is wrong, because all of the available answers are wrong.The question is what kind of packet is sent when a client sends a DNS request. The answer is UDP. The options available include one packet type, TCP, and 3 answers listing various flags for TCP that are used during the three way handshake.While it is true that if the DNS server responds with a UDP packet indicating that the DNS response is too long, then the client will establish a TCP connection, which would involve a TCP packet, and the first packet would include a SYN flag. None of that answers the question asked.I've given this review 1 star in the hopes that someone somewhere will take note and actually fix this problem. Tech support at Coursera repeatedly informed me that they were "not content experts" and the mentor who responded on the forums either failed to comprehend my issue, or just didn't know what they were talking about.The course is actually very good outside of this single error, and I hope if you're reading this review trying to decide whether to take the course that you choose to do so.
While the first course was pointless, this one contained actual useful information... encapsulated in an excruciating avalanche of filler, time wasting intros, and the most obnoxious puns I've had the displeasure of being exposed to. And that's not even touching on the multiple tests and quizes that don't function correctly. If I had to rate my Coursera experience overall, I'd give it negative stars if possible. I'd absolutely demand my money back if there was anywhere else to get this information. Your service is an abomination, and you should all be ashamed of yourselves for contributing to its existence.
Unbelievably disorganized. It feels like the instructors were simply told to type up definitions of terms on the fly with extremely, unnecessarily verbose and confusing wording. A huge sticking point was the fact that the instructor never pointed out the simple fact that subnets LOOK like IP addresses but are COMPLETELY different from them. This alone would have helped tremendously, but a friend and I taking the course were left in major confusion for a long time. There are other significant issues with this course, too, which has so far been easily the worst of the 4 out of 5 that I've done.
I almost give up this course. For me horrible teaching. found in YouTube more information and better explanation to the materiel then this course. Better teaching . The quiz sometime doesn't work, especially  the last one. IPv6 Compression quiz should taken out. we should not waist our time and money in such as thing. a child can do the exercise. need better and better than. I do not understand how this course got a better review. the first course " Technical Support Fundamentals" I took was great. However This one is not at all great.
This course has a problem with Wireless Channel Quiz of Week 5 learning. I tried a lot of time with 5 success scenario for the quiz but it still grade me 0 point, I asked customer service for support but they are not happy to help me and very unaccountable. For anyone who want to learn this course, you can learn but for this quiz "Wireless Channel" is very frustrating. This could be the first and last time I use this coursera platform because of terrible customer service.
In the second part of the course, I could not send the answers to the quiz, I cleaned the cache and cookies in the Chrome browser. I tried running the task from the Tor browser. All the technical support tips that were written on their forum did not help, there is no way to contact technical support on Coursera. Do not pay for this, the problems are not solved, contact directly there is not provided with other courses on Coursera such a problem was not.
my quiz would not load correctly. Each time it loaded up some answers were already selected. When I adjusted the answers and submitted my quiz i get the answer wrong because i answered the question outside of the time. I still had overan hour left to take the quiz. now i am locked out and have to wait 24 hours to take my quiz again. of course there is no one you can email or talk to about this.
The first part started off great! Now I have started on week one of module two and every time I take week 1 test I receive a zero! Statistically there is no way I wouldn't get at least one right! I know some of them were correct but the format seems off and now I am locked out. Once this matter is resolved I will give a better rating but as of now it is ZERO stars!
This course is ridiculous: there is a flaw with the course that prevents me from moving forward, yet I am not able to get any technical assistance whatsoever. Its all about generating income nothing else. There is no mentor, no customer service number. Unbelivable
total a waste of time, i completed this certification and in the end Coursera provided me a certificate with a strange name FAJOF .tell me what should i do now .a worst experience.and there is no option of change your name.i request Coursera to look upon my issue.
You won't get any certificate after complete this course. In catalog Coursera written you will get certificate after completion of this course, but actually you won't. Video of this course available on youTube. So don't spoiled your time in grade assignment.
Too many issues with Wireless Channels quiz. No one has fixed these issues in past 6 months. Support is very minimal.I could have passed a while ago if I wasn't held up repeatedly trying to complete this one quiz, which in all, added no value to the course
As many others have stated, the material simply was not presented well.  So much could be done to make this much easier to learn.  I'm also glad to see that others noticed there are test questions that were not covered in the material.
I've learned more from doing outside research then from the lecture videos on this course. First part of this course was good but the Networking part should've had more visuals. All it is, is a person reading off a teleprompter.
the quizzes at the end of the lesson are impossible you have to get 100 percent or higher and the information you need isn't in each lesson or on google. This is mean't for you to waste your time so they make money off of you.
After a second attempt nearly two years later I have wasted over $100 again on this abysmal instructor in lesson two. Please do not contact me again about this course. This was an utter and complete waste of money.
Accessing the graded assessments was a nightmare, with completely wrong login instructions for the Windows section in Qwiklabs, as many other users have also noted. A very poorly structured course.
Just raw information. Nothing practical like the previous course. Nothing that I can do with my hands thru Remote Desktop. TO resolve any problem, just tests. School type boring.
Questions are over the average student like me.Testing quizzes questions  are not been practice before in lectures or any part of the course.
Instructions are unclear and assessments require 100%. The course feels incomplete. The curriculum feels rushed and poorly prepared.
Some quizzes are senseless, the course itself is fool of too much information some of it I don't think its useful
I did not receive my certificate, though have completed the course and keeps asking me to verify ID
The lessons and teachings do not match up with what we need to know for the quizzes and tests
i did'nt got my certificate and this site id verification sucks really.... please help
i cant even understand a single topic, not expected this from google...
the quiz for week 2 might change what i thought about this as a whole.
This course was extremely difficult for me.The last quiz is horrible.
Teaching is to technical I wish they made it more practical.
i dont like the testing screens. They are too small to see.
Extremely complex for those new to IT.  Very challenging.
Jesus Christ, this course was exceptionally difficult.
Week 4 and 5's contents are very hard to understan.
Tests are ridiculous. The CHECK does not even work
They screwed up MY NAME on the certificates.
Stuck on a section/test, no help.. no care.
I need to drop this class. How do I do so?
the explanation of instructor is not clear
i cant get certificate please help me
Coursera itself is a mess in it self
This course is intense and complex
a total waste of time and energy
Assignments are difficult
Obviously not for me.
Hated every minute.
SUPER dense material, compressed down into bite sized videos make this a very tough course to pass. There was a lot of explanations with very few examples and visual aid. To pass, i did A LOT of research on my own because what was being taught to me didn't make sense or it wasn't sinking in. The concepts they present to you are very poorly explained. While the topic as a whole has gotten me very intrigued, this class could have been constructed and presented better.
For me, it was difficult to understand and grasp the technical aspects of the content. I wish there were more metaphors or infographics to better explain the heavy technical content.
I feel this course could have included so much more information, and benefited from more time spent explaining some of this stuff. It was unfortunately a lot of a guy just talking on screen, reading a teleprompter. It had some errors and over-generalizations, plus many of the exams were just simple drag and drop games that didn't really demonstrate our learned knowledge. I did come out of it learning new things, and already had a good solid basis in networking knowledge and maybe that's why I wasn't totally happy? Maybe someone with zero knowledge in networking would have found this more useful.
the only reason why i give it two stars is because, i wish there could be more interactive material as he is explaining lesson(s) there is SO MUCH THEORY that it is very difficult to remeber and to do notes on, making it very difficult to understand as there is no visuals of how it works just tons and tons of theory.explanations are understandable and easy to go with.but i really struggle with this course because i had to do a second research of what i was l learning so i could have an idea of how everything works. how IP addresses travel and so on, that without a visual at first it was super hard to comprehend. specially being a first timer.if you could add some visual tutorials as they are explaining itll be better, to much 255.255.255.........127.0.0............to much going back and fourth abaout everything and no visuals.
The method of teaching in this course doesn't really lend itself to applied knowledge that can actually be utilized in the workforce. That's not to say that I didn't learn anything, but I agree with many commenters who feel like there should have been more visual aids instead of just someone speaking about terms off of a teleprompter. Also the tests and assignments could be better formatted instead of making you regurgitate acronyms and terms. The special plugins that were part of the assessments always seemed to have problems also.
I  believe that there was an overload of information presented.  I felt as though it was a continual run on sentence, just way to much and at some points it was just rambling it seemed like.
learned a lot of definitions, they never actually tell you how to setup a network and their is little to no practicality
So many terms and so little explanation. The courses are like dropping a term after another.
I think the course was alright. The instructor while very friendly, and making an effort to be engaging, seemed like he was reading off of slides, versus actually working to teach a relatively complex subject such as Networking. I took extensive notes, but even then, it seemed that the explanations given for some of the core topics and vocabulary had no rhyme or reason to the emphasis placed on them, and sometimes assumed prior knowledge not covered within the class. In other words, a concept that only was covered for less than a minute might be tested extensively in the final exam, but one that might've been covered for an entire video might only have a single question, or none at all in the final. The jokes, while cute, sometimes were incredibly distracting, and would sidetrack off of some core concepts leaving me having to watch a certain segment up to three times. Finally, some of the interactive lessons were amazing at teaching complex concepts in a somewhat fun, and interactive environment, but they also would occasionally be somewhat buggy, with one of the last ones not loading at all. I think this course could be a little better prepared to become an actual interactive classroom, this one at least seemed more like a very bright student's presentation on what they know on the topic of networking.
I definitely feel like I've learned the material, but it many ways it feels in spite of the course and not because of it. The rest of this certification program felt so natural and well structured, but this one felt like having someone read a textbook off a teleprompter. Understanding how any of it goes together was something I pretty much had to accomplish myself by finding better sources and explanations elsewhere. And the biggest strength of the course before it--the use of virtual desktops and cloud technology to actually practice interacting with the material--was nowhere to be seen here. So... I need to remotely connect to a WIndows 10 VM to learn how to make a folder, but don't need any practice doing ANYTHING network related aside from rewatching the videos...? Just strange decisions all the way around. I hope they consider restructuring and expanding this course. It's a relief to be through it, and I usually don't feel that way, even with highly technical material.
Easily 1/2 of the information that this course covers is USELESS, POINTLESS when the scope of the program is for people wanting to get into IT. I have been in IT since the early 80's, and I'm going for the certification to prove to prospective employers that I'm serious about returning to my roots--support. I can assure you that for someone just starting out in IT, it is utterly pointless to spend any time at all on datagrams, counting in binary and compressing IPv6! Jesus!!! spend more time going from the top down (i.e. troubleshooting fundamentals, etc.) and a hellova lot less time coming from the "bottom up." If I were training to become a carpenter, I would  Hnever take a course that included an in depth history of the nail!! (who gives a S....t about what happened to Netscape Navigator!)  This is a course for people trying to get into IT not trying to become a professor of networking traffic.
While a lot of the information in this course is useful, it's presented very densely and with a fair amount of superfluous information surrounding it. I appreciate the desire to include the origins of technology, but there's a point of diminishing returns on the benefits of understanding something that no one ever encounters or uses as a modern day technology specialist. The information that was relevant was incredibly useful, but the presentation, particularly the horrendous puns and jokes that are delivered through poorly held back laughter, was irritating enough that I almost completely abandoned  the course and cancelled my subscription to the specialization. I know that's a stupid, petty reason to dislike it so much, but I also don't think I should highly recommend something that I often found inaccessible or off-putting.
While the overall course was great, I find that some of the plug-ins were not explained properly and this accounted for the low score.  Please see below. Week 2: Graded Assignment - Plug In: Routing Paths and Subnet. It wasn't clear that if an incorrect answer was given, I had to restart the test.Week 5: Graded Assignment: Wireless Channels. Each question was answered and checked, submitted the final results several times and my score was always 0.  After several attempts, I reviewed the discussion forum and saw that this problem was not unique to me and I should not have any issues if I used FireFox for this portion of the assessment.  I did and received a correct score after my 2nd attempt on FireFox.
These were pretty cool courses that offer a lot of knowledge but the part where that talk about getting you information out to companies to help you start your career is fully true. They send you a survey that you select the companies you would like to share you information with out of they're selection, and that's it. There is no other follow up or anything as far as I've seen but I've been done with the program for workin on four months no with no other leads to helping me start my career. So it's great maybe to help boost a career you're already in but DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE if you are using it to help START a career. Hope this helps some people out like me looking for a way into the industry.
Concepts are not explained in detail, and even external links for additional learning are often covering concepts that are far past the level being taught in the course. Honestly starting to think that this course may be a waste of money, especially if this certificate isn't recognized by any employers. So much information is either missing or just skimmed over. The videos are lacking detail information and it's applications, and seem like a series of YouTube videos teaching old people how to use a smart phone, rather than a real class.  Then the tests come asking questions on topics that weren't even fully covered in the videos or readings.
The peer review graded portion was just crazy to do. Keywords and definitions are basically all it takes to pass it while putting in key phrases of how a packet is transferred. To convert 10 IPv6 addresses was just plain over the top. The worst part about it, and I didn't catch this until my 3rd reset, it is CASE SENSITIVE! Come on, Coursera/Google. This 2nd course needed to be like 10 weeks with the lack of amount of information that was given. As long as you memorize key words and phrases, this shouldn't be a problem week. I really don't think I learned any more than I already knew with this course sadly.
Giving it three stars . Some more interactive flash would have made the course better. I also dislike the fact that while testing with the plug in if you make one mistake you have to reset the whole plugin.   Also 10 IPV6 to translate in plugin  then another one on final come on . Four translations would have been enough.  An area of improvement would be add video on Ethernet RJ45 twisted pair  creation .  Maybe a virtual module where the student correctly has to form twisted pairs.  Could have added some info on ping of death , ICMP  flooding, port probing etc...
Way too difficult follow-up to Course 1. I've been simultaneously working on Course 3 to stay afloat in my intensive IT Support program using this Coursera material and I'm finding that Course 3 material is much simpler. The concepts simply don't build upon previous concepts in a way that makes sense. Also, a lot of the quiz questions are not covered in this course and some of them deal with 20 year old technology.
There is a ton of wasted time in the lessons. The guy repeats himself, gives redundant / useless information, repeats himself some more, and occasionally tries to be funny and cute which just makes me cringe to death. The lessons do not focus on the same information that's in the big quizzes. Like, the videos are about A B C and D, and hint at the existence of E, and then the quizzes only ask about D and E.
Bit sloppy to be honest and for what its worth I don't think anyone with 0 knowledge is going to come out of this course with very much confidence in what they've learned. Networking is pretty heavy stuff for people with no previous experience and this course while it does a good job trying to compress it takes too little time going over a lot of essentials so you can truly understand it.
it was very hard to keep focused the pacing and constant words to learn given to me in an uninteresting way made it really hard to me to retain information I found myself looking back at notes and trying to learn the materials from other sites right after a video because the way the content was provided did not stick with me unfortunately very happy to have completed this course.
This is still advance information, not aimed for those who are new to this. Many concepts, which need to be explained in more depth and using analogies to better illustrate the concepts. I almost throw in the towel.Supplemental readings should be all coursera content, not using wikipedia, which also has tons of irrelevant information that almost anyone will read through.
The evaluations felt unfair, some of the questions where not clear or other super specific, some of the questions where information not covered in the material, it was an all-around bad time for me. I did learn some useful things but it felt very abstract and I was expecting a LAB to log into a VM and TS something but it never happened.
While I found it amazingly challenging, I found the lack of clear directions on test questions less than amazing.  Also the lack of anyone beyond others taking this course for answers leaves a lot to be desired.  I think with some simple improvements this would be a great course like course one of the google program.
This course was extremely difficult for me, in particular week 3. I found myself confused a lot because I was listening to the videos. However, I decided to try just reading the material and the video transcripts and by doing so was able to get a better grasp on the information and pass my course!
Technical jargon should come after you've learned its meaning and how it fits together. Subnet masking should've never been that hard to understand. I bought a book on networking just to understand the concept. The idea behind these courses are great. The implementation not so much.
Lots of bugs with the weekly exams. half of the time they do not work, however the lectures are great! I am learning alot. If they fix all the problems with the programming exams, i would definitely recommend it, but at this state, its not really something i would recommend.
The course was overly complex and insanely wordy. The quizzes were mostly instructor-specific wording or random vocab memorization. Not very real world applicable when it came to the quizzes. Still, there is good information if you can sort through all the extra fluff.
This course was rushed and a lot of the stuff was confusing. The interactive quizzes were SO FRUSTRATING and unfair when you would get the first 9 right and then it deleted all of your answers when you got the last one wrong. Bad design, Google. Not impressed.
could use detail supplemental reading on the subject material, especially when covering different Header packages for TTL and IP address.  There wasn't enough background detail or in-depth description of some of the important concepts.
Since network is not visual, I wish the videos had more visual explanations. Also, the teacher is only one and tired listening to him (not necessary he's not good, but if somebody bothers how he talks, it would be a torture!
The course is very challenging, it needs to be more simple and concepts must be explained in a more deep way as the whole course is built up on basic information that were not given or were neglected at the first place.
Yes, I found the bits and bytes course to be challenging. During the tests there were often questions that required you to know things that weren't properly or fully covered in the course videos. That was frustrating.
I found a lot of good info in this course but am unsure of this will help nor did their troubleshooting tasks feel completeInstructors are clearly reading off a script and their jokes are so ingenuine and superficial
I'm sorry but the guys voice kept changing and it made it hard for me to concentrate on what he was saying. I actually turned the sound off and basically read the course by the notes attached to the slides.
I didn't like this course. As upbeat as he was, I found the instructor dull and unhelpful when explaining IT Networking to a total beginner. It needed more visual and hand-on ways on learning the material.
not enough practices, examples and helping materials for such an important topics. The instructor only read through material and lacks the skill of showing enough expertise in lesson topics
Very difficult for beginners. Separate readings are necessary to get a different perspective and teaching method. I personally will need to have a look at Networking for Dummies 7.
I wish there was some more hands on material in this course.  This one was pretty lecture heavy and the only time we really got to do anything hands on was during a graded quiz.
Irritating course, literally took a lot of time in completing this course, changes questions every time and the idiotic 30 min quiz of week 2 is very annoying.
I wish there were more visual aid to this program rather than just listening him talk. I found a lot of YouTube videos that are very helpful to understand.
Too much terms to learn. Watching this lessons is tiring. No examples where to apply this = no chance to remember what to do in some real life situations.
i`m confused how come a network course explain as story teller not with more diagram to make sure the information successfully delivered to educators ?!
I thought the instructor was very hard to follow, and didn't equip me for the tests in a few areas. He had a tendency to ramble, and not stay on topic.
I wish it would be more interactive. having topics be shown in a better way to learn compared to only have one person talking about different things.
Quizzes are flawed and grade in correctly. Tests are not updated to new lecture videos, and contain some information not covered in video lectures.
Needs better instruction when working on the labs and there should be a area where students can contact someone for help and not just a form area.
Extremely basic and only touches the surface, while jumping between key components without giving a good picture on how things work together.
The labs don't work almost as if it was designed for the students to fail so that we have to continue paying for a subscription
The course is interesting but seems more like a review/ overview. It would be so much better with more interactive practices
Complicated material seems to have been condensed for the sake of shorter videos.  Peer review assignments should be removed
Difficult material and in a concentrated form which is hard to learn as quickly as the videos move through the information.
It is very dense information wise an i think is a lot to take in in one couse.  Possible make course 2 into two courses?
This course was challenging.  I personally feel that the material was rushed in this course and not explained fully.
Very difficult and not beginner friendly. Gets easier in the later weeks, but the first few are mind boggling.
It is difficult and there is a need to explain and do what you explain to be clear, not just quick talking
This course was really hard to understand and follow. Sorry. Glad I finally got it.
The written peer review exercise instructions do not match the review criteria well
Bro. Go into more detail about IPv6 compression. I was going crazy on the quiz.
More complex and need more detail on some of topics like the conversion on IPV6
This was poorly presented. I had to go to you-tube to get a clear explanation.
Technical issues with quizzes. Wordy lessons that were not clearly presented.
very fast going course ,need to things get more easier to understand
this course is way too difficult for a non networking tech.
I HAVE COMPLETED THE COURSE STILL I DIDNT GET CERTIFCATE
I wish there was a better way to explain the material.
Videos are horrible and not instructional whatsoever.
very hard to understand instructions in labs
I had to complete week 5 quiz in Firefox.
The material contains technical errors.
ambiguous answers to the questions
The quiz is not available....
was really hard to understand
No useful tools ,
Too much detailed a topic to just have some body narrate the entire course. A few visual displays with audio and activities helps make the course more enjoyable and easy to absorb and understand material
I can just say that at the beginner level this is really hard material to comprehend, they assume some parts of the network bits that you understand, which as you will notice that is not the case, now for someone who has some network background this might come off more familiar. Very often I would refer to other sources in order to understand the lesson better, which is always welcomed, but here I couldnt understand nothing on the first try. Suffice to say it will give you good knowledge and fundamentals about how network/networks work but be prepared to review same lessons multiple times and to use google on certain occasions to make things easier to understand.
The first course on IT Fundamentals felt way to easy, but at least had some hands-on labs. This second course had way more challenging information, but zero hands-on. I would like the courses to be balanced more between the two, but all-in-all this was a really good, informative course.
Information overload that wasn't explained the best. There were points that made complete sense and then their were points that left me wondering if my IQ went down 10 points. Overall, I thought it was a good learning experience. The weakest part of the learning material was the binary conversation section. This was explained so bad that I don't even think Cisco would understand. Definitely use a different source for information outside of this course.
I love the energy and personality of the instructor, but the material was almost entirely learn by rote. There were minimal interactive exercises requiring the application of skills. The tests were taken verbatim from the lecture content, and it's obvious the instructor is reading off a prompt the whole time. The only assignment that isn't a rote test is a paper that just requires describing the same material you were just tested on over again. This course would really benefit from a little more improvisation and visual demonstration in the lecture videos and from more interactive material in the course content. I don't feel like I'm quite as strong in networking as I will be in operating systems after finishing the lab-oriented Power User course that requires a lot of practical work.
Great contents, but I feel that the way these contents are delivered  can be significantly improved in two ways.1. For more than half contents of this course, it is delivered in the logic follow/pipeline of "theory followed by examples". However, I feel the other way around, i.e. "examples followed by theory" would make it way more effective.If theories are shown before examples are presented, students will be very confusing until they see the examples, which they are very familiar in daily life ---- Everyone is "familiar" with the Internet (in terms of examples).The other way, "examples followed by theory" will be way more intuitive. Through examples (that you have seen in your daily life) you will know what problems you need to solve, and then followed by the theories or methods about how to solve it. In this way you know your target at the very beginning through something you are familiar with. It will be more comfortable to look into the theories and terminologies afterwards.2. Show the slides instead of the instructor for most of the time, and use clean background without characters/letters for the instructor. All the terminologies are very new to students, seeing them visually at the same time (especially when they have an inner connection) will make the learning experience for new theories/terminologies much smoother. Currently, the terminologies only occasionally show up in a distracting background with fancy lights of other characters, which is really confusing, making students lost until the slides with examples shown up.
Information presented was broad and useful, but I have some criticisms.Test question format is a typical dark-ages multiple choice format. Plugin tests were sometimes obscure or confusing. Lack of learning reinforcement; lack of ways to demonstrate application of specific knowledge; no way to stimulate learners to synthesize knowledge rather than regurgitating it. Lectures are OK but could be tightened up and made considerably more clear in technical spots. I believe there should be more practice quizzes and more review of material to guarantee that it is learned. More hands-on exercises are needed, especially when we are talking about things like netcat, nslookup, etc. Too much data presented without any particular schema for remembering it.Overall specification of how internet works leaves something to be desired. I believe clarifying and improving source lecture and test materials would seriously improve both the quality of the students coming out of the course, and their satisfaction.To recapitulate: test concepts, not miscellaneous, specific facts that can be easily looked up (discourage rote learning in favor of understanding). Encourage learners to synthesize knowledge and responses rather than just gaming a multiple choice test. Always back abstract concepts with practice sessions and ways to concretely apply the data. Present information in a way that can be digested easily. Improve clarity and specificity. Back up information with application.
More complicated and complex, maybe not as well for someone with no experience. Problem with fill-in-the-blank graded quizes are even though you might have the right word, if it is spelled wrong at all, it is not accepted. Probably not easy for people that don't have English as their first language. Questions also don't help explain why and answer is wrong and what the right answer is, just to review the lesson again, but sometimes reviewing the lesson doesn't help if you just aren't getting it. The peer-reviewed assignment seems very complex and vague. There isn't a rubric to look at ahead of time, but once you turn it in, you can see it by reviewing others and resubmit. The peer-reviewed assignment almost made me want to stop taking this course and not continue. I wonder how many other people felt held-up by this assignment. First person I reviewed turned in a blank document, second person just listed definitions and not the processes. I listed definitions and processes, but feel like I did way more work than I was suppose to. Again, it was very vague and leaves interpretation up to the ones reviewing the work.
The information in this course is vital, but the presentation could use a lot of work.  Closed Captioning needs to be edited for deaf/HoH folk, and the transcriptions should be better formatted for clarity as well.  A block of text is very hard to parse, even for someone who can watch the video as well as read.There are nowhere near enough practical examples provided. Dense information is presented with no way to help clarify.  Particularly, the Subnetting quiz is a disaster. That section does little to prepare you for it, and it was only through the help of the discussion forums and several hours of outside material that I was able to complete it.Due to the length of this course (6 weeks instead of the previous 5) and the density of its content, I believe it could benefit from alternating the host partway through.  Each host can present the information with their own flair, spin, and mannerisms, minimizing monotony and potentially providing a new and different way to connect with the material.
Things that can help this class improve:1.More visual aid2. less quizzes and more activities (The quizzes end up being these tedious open book tests that just teach you how to research and fill in the blanks versus actually understanding networking concepts, I'm still pretty lost on the concepts of routing tables and sub-netting)3. Break up the videos with questions like what was done in course 1 (This is much more effective than quizzes because it keeps attention on the material. It was really hard to keep focus during this module and I believe My knowledge retention suffered because of it)My main criticism of this module is that it goes through very tricky concepts way too fast. I had a hard time keeping up with the individual parts of the five layer network model. It was very tricky visualizing these concepts in action, especially with week 2, I had to do a lot of independent research just to keep on track.  I hope this feedback is helpful
This course consisted of too many technical terms.  Victor was very good at explaining everything.  However, his lectures were probably easily understood by students with some IT or Computer background.   However, most videos kept mentioning that we didn't need IT or Computer background to complete this course.  In order to do this, I feel that Victor could have better explained technical explanations followed by some real life human examples as well as adding some sort of exercise for students to ensure that they understood the concept for each week as well as an exercise that would test the comprehensive knowledge of all of the concepts working together in this 6 week training.  I feel that I am some what lost if I have to explain some of the items in this course.   I definitely don't think I would be able to explain the technical aspects (examples) provided in this training if I was asked questions during an interview.
I had to take a Network+ course as part of my IT Management A.S. degree. Because networking is so complex and there are so many associated terms to learn, all of the course quizzes and even the final exam were given open book... otherwise there'd by a high fail rate.This course was more abbreviated than that but I still learned important things that I had already forgotten or never quite grasped from the college course. But, the in-depth technical details of networking are still somewhat fuzzy to me because of how complex it all really is. Network engineers are no dummies, that's for sure.For subjects this extremely technical and complex, I feel strongly that detailed graphics are an absolutely crucial teaching tool. So I wish that this course would've presented many more graphics to help explain the course content and help students better visualize what was being discussed by the instructor(s).
I'm finding that the videos are doing a really good job of building things up from the bottom. I keep getting quite frustrated though because the beginning of each week seems to be just a bunch of definition/explanation of concepts that I cannot tie together being so new to some of this stuff. Week three was especially hard to get through because it seemed all disconnected until the very end. I know the first video always goes "After this course you'll be able to...", but it would be nice to actually see the end point and then build up to it so I could start to put things together better as things progress. This would have especially been helpful in week 3. If I had seen that last video first, then again at the end everything would have made much more since sooner.
I definitely gained the knowledge to at least be able to talk about networking and how networking works. The course videos are very information dense and it will take a few times to go through them while taking notes. My main problem is that almost all, except for a small bit at the end, was networking theory and no practical real world skills.  It would have been extremely helpful to actually include networking scenarios or help desk support common networking issues. They only had one at the end.  Theory is great, but it needed more practical application.  For example, they could have included how to set up a DHCP server, or actually creating a network from scratch for a small business, or a daily routine of maintaining a network for a big/small business.
This content is presented poorly. In some parts it is unnecessarily complicated, and in others you assume or leave out critical information for understanding what is going on. I will try from now on to take a more detail log of when this occurs so I can present a helpful review. However, for almost every module I have had to look to an outside source to complete it and once I learn it, then I have to suffer through the video which is weirdly organized and full of terrible puns. I understand that it is important to be a self learner in IT, and I assure you, I have taught myself many things proficiently, but It is hard to feel like this certificate will even be taken seriously when the medium is so difficult to learn from. Who knows, maybe it is just me.
This is a lot of "book learning".  As an IT help desk manager and IT support specialist for over a decade, I don't feel that these lessons are very applicable to what a technician will encounter "in the field".  While these concepts are helpful to establish a foundation, I feel that these lessons would be a lot more helpful if they included more "real world" examples.  For example: how to hook up a computer, identify ports, proper running of wiring and ergonomics, installing cards and memory, setting up multiple displays, configuring switches and routers, how to do punchdowns, understanding the troubleshooting process, etc.  Basically more hands on and less theory.
The instructor doesn't always arrange the material in a logical flow. I find myself using the transcript to skip over certain segues to understand the point he's trying to make. He also interrupts the flow to mention that he'll discuss a particular topic later, which seems unnecessary to mention at all. Also, at times he glosses over topics that later come in the assessments. I found myself googling a lot of information especially from week 4 which was frustrating because the answers I got were difficult for a beginner to understand. The topics in the other weeks are explained well, but week 4 was a nightmare to understand.
For me personally, this course was pretty challenging compared to the other course I took. I feel like some of the videos in this course were too long, and others too short. I wish some topics they went into further detail but I made do with what I had. I also noticed that some of the videos the audio was way quieter or louder than the previous videos. The narrator for this course didn't seem to enthusiastic like the previous narrator. Just know that this course has a lot of information packed in tight, so just know that if you didn't fully comprehend a video just go back and watch it again.
I think that some of the quizzes were more about memorization of numbers and definitions, which didn't help me truly learn the material. I had to memorize lots of information for the quizzes, which had many bugs so that I was forced to get 100% on everything besides the interactive modules, since they were broken or confusing so often. I have surprisingly remembered alot of the information from this course, but I have to say most of the details will be forgotten because of how the information was presented in a "here's a word, here's the definition" format.
First course had some practical materials, but in this course I didn't observe any practical material and it all focused on history of internet. I think practical is very important than history of internet. For instance, when I interview by the company, I am sure they never ask about the history of internet and they will exactly ask questions about how to build network, in troubleshooting if the internet doesn't work what is your first strategy for identifying the problem internet. I don't see anything useful in this course. Thank you
While I learned a lot for this some things didn't come easy and that being said something on the test and in the course itself were not clear or gone over. Lot of terms or questions I saw on the test that I got wrong I had to go to external source to understand of even just to get clarified. While I be lieing to say that because of these I didn't learn things because I did learn a lot. Lot of thing that I will need to get a IT career, but I do feel some revisions of this course would benefit future students in the long run.
Too theoretical/conceptual. Very few how-to examples for stuff you would need to actually do in the real world. Why not just give a step by step on how to set up a home router? Also, the explanations jump around way too much - very chaotic! When protocols are broken down into fields, the instructor keeps saying "finally" over and over even though it's nowhere near the end of the list. Jeez. Poorly scripted. Give simple animations on 5 layer model instead of a static cartoon that doesn't help at all. 3 stars is generous.
I've read a few reviews. Part of the course was easy to understand for me.  I'd like to stress that the educational presentation of the course content does not live up to the video quality (audio, video resolution, lighting, topic structure, narration speed...).  Compared to the first course in IT Support Fundamentals, I found this course more frustrating and discouraging. It felt like you're learning with a math teacher who doesn't stop to explain things on your level.
Your instructions for subnetting are woefully inadequate.  Nowhere do you discuss details of the step-by-step process used, and this is vitally important in order to better understand and utilize subnets.  For a layman, the brief explanation and charts used here did nothing more than confuse me even more to the point of tears.  I had to find other videos online that broke it down for me with much greater detail in order to fully understand and implement the process.
I didn't feel like the videos prepared me for the assignments at the end. I know that you should supplement your learning with researching yourself, but I didn't even know what to look up to get the answers I needed. This was particularly the case for subnetting. I do feel like I have a much better knowledge of networking now than I did before starting, but I feel like there were a lot of things that I didn't really grasp as well as I would like to.
Very detailed and focused course covering a lot of good material. Some of the material was difficult to grasp and would have been easier to retain with some more hands on examples. The process by which datagrams travel from source to destination is one that could use some refinement. The interactive quizzes were fun, if a little difficult at times. Very informative course, even from someone like me who has previous knowledge of some of the material.
This course is a huge information dump. Get ready to have your brain overloaded by information and more acronyms than you can shake a stick at. The data was VERY interesting to me so I enjoyed learning it, but some videos require multiple watches to retain the info. There is very little practice for the quizzes as well which is annoying. You will understand how the internet works after this course. I do recommend it but not for the faint of heart.
I have benefited from this course only general information but I wish the scientific side be more theoretical but in general a good course in which the amount of useful information and I as an engineer strongly advise and know, yes I can follow up in taking more courses for two reasons
1. The knowledge is activated and increased
2. Gain experience in your field of work and gain and prove in the company that you have passed the professional course
There was a lot of information to cover here but I wish there hadn't been so much jargon thrown around only to be told "don't worry about it right now, we'll cover it in another module/course". It just overwhelms people if they're brand new to this. I did enjoy the interactive or practice exercises like compressing the IPv6 addresses and felt that that was the kind of hands-on learning that could have pushed this course on to a higher rating.
This course was a really tough one for me, I had to search on external sources to fully understand some concepts, mostly I watched YouTube videos. I hate the way how the instructor speaks; I personally think it's too annoying. Besides those things, I've got to say that I've learned a lot during this course, I still have some gaps on the topics of networking but I also think I have to put some extra effort by myself on getting to know more.
The instructor is difficult to understand, at times, with the way he speaks and breaks up sentences. It was good information to learn I just wish it would've been delivered in a way a beginner (with technology) could understand. If a method can be developed that lets the student relate to the material in their own personal way than I believe it would be better absorbed. I had to watch and re-watch a lot of videos.
While I learned a great deal from this course, it was extremely challenging. More visual aids and examples could have been provided to show where and how certain aspects are used opposed to verbally explaining them with minimal diagrams. I believe the instructor did the best they could with the written material. Take lots of notes and look for outside resources such as youtube and the discussion forum.
Decent course overall, one one thing I found lacking was applied knowledge. Also, in week 6 where it teaches you about troubleshooting completely glosses over checking issues at the physical layer which is important. Why? I work in front line support at an ISP, and the first things we check for is to see if the modem, router, and lines going to the home, and coax outlets are all working as it should.
Great information. I am a visual learner, so maybe you can put more graphics in. BUT the big reason I only gave 3 stars is on the quiz Network Basic, the system would not let me chick on the answers. I did flag it but It has not changed. I also tried on different computers and systems. I have tried multiple times but still get a 0 on the test. PLEASE, PLEASE fix this problem.  Thank you
The network is one of my weakness field. It's really hard and full of details, most of it also is the theories which is hard to understand and explain or teach. This course needs more exercise or practice assignments to make the learners grab the concept of networking more clearly. As for me, I think I only understand about 1/4 or 1/5 of what has already explained in this course.
the subnetting part of the course was challenging mainly because i dont think the lesson taught for subnetting was good enough for a beginner to grasp and learn. I had to go to other resources to learn subnetting, this should not be the case, the course should be effective enough that i learn and grasp it enough to pass the quiz and test that comes with the course at a minimum.
I really feel like you can do better with providing more samples and explanations for the learning. It becomes much to repetitive and found that I could retain and pay more attention by looking up the same info on YouTube. I do like some of the concepts your tryin to employ but feel like having way more hands son modules and way less talking is a better way to learn and retain.
I enjoyed taking the course but I think to help future users there should be more diagrams and charts related to what the speaker is talking about. As well as real world correlation at the end of each module that kind of gives you an idea about the teachings. For example showing actual nodes, hubs, fiber optic cables, etc... literally showing images of these items.
I seriously want to give this course 5 stars, it was really good, the instructor was kinda funny but very understandable and relatable. The only reason why I can't give it higher than 3 stars is the neon lights in the background. It caused such intense headaches and migraines for me that I rushed through the program as fast as I could to get away from that.
It felt very rushed at times. I feel they could use better examples for learning, such as comparisons with everyday objects or processes. One example I found outside of the course was the comparison of a router being the brain and the switch being the nervous system. That's what I think make it easier since I'm not working with this stuff in real life yet.
The use of more visuals would help with more detailed parts of the course. Thing such as subnet masking, how the breakdown of packets being sent from one node to the next. The interactive part of the final exam in each section was great and I would like to see more of those throughout the learning experience. Hands on experience makes learning much easier.
Great course overall, but there were moments on tests where I chose the correct answer and it was marked wrong, but when I redo the test and choose the same answer, it's suddenly right. Also, sometimes the correct answer wasn't even an option. Finally, when you're told where you can find the correct answer, you sometimes end up looking in the wrong place.
Most of the definitions are not clear and vague, they were not clearly and properly explained. To understand the topic I had to Google constantly other sources and Youtube videos,  where the same topic was explained much better, clearer and with a better structure. Most of the lectures are theoretical and does not have any practical side on real life.
This course is very useful and the complicated information was represented in great easy way, howeverthere is almost little real skills, like connecting two networks, configuring router, how to connect a domain name to a server and a lot, of-course the theoretical side is important but, i ended up with this course and don't know how to connect a cable
The Subnetting section was the only place where I felt that it was poorly explained and really felt stuck. I was forced to look elsewhere for answers and still do not feel wholly comfortably in my grasp of subnets.Also, the video transcriptions were absolutely riddled with typos, many of which actively hindered my understanding of the subject.
I am pretty sure one of the quiz modules was bugged, because I spent about a solid 10 hours trying to do it yesterday and non of them were correct, and today I got all 5 correct in 5 less then 5 minutes. And the lessons weren't as informative as they could have been, you definitely need to do outside research to learn some of the material.
There are some areas that aren't explained that well, that probably aren't that important that testing goes over heavily. Or questions in graded assignments that were very briefly covered in 1 sentence but had multiple questions. I'm starting to feel this is more of just a money grab by google at this point, but am hopeful moving forward.
The course is exciting and gets more technical as it goes thru the concepts of how the computer communicates with the network. I find it hard to understand some things that are new to me and needs to be researched further. I am getting interested with the topics that is why I am moving forward to the next course to see how far I can go.
Tough course, was a bit frustrating at times that there isn't more literature to be referred to instead of having to skip through a video in order to find a fraction of a sentence that a question is based on. Otherwise an alright course. Did a decent job of breaking down otherwise dense material in an understandable fashion.
This is just a suggestion but wish if this course was more interactive and practically oriented. There could be limitations but it would certainly be nice for any kind of lab to be incorporated in this module. Networking, I feel can't be theoretically learnt but only with digging the hands in the real world scenarios.
The material is very well organized, the instructor explains very well in a clear manner . The course allow to cover a lot of aspects of computer networking, however I am a little dissapointed since there could be more practical exercises.  I was expecting more practical labs instead of those theoretical queries.
Good course. Lots of information. The trainer has to convey few interesting facts in between. There are no fun facts and the trainer has made this course dry and boring. It requires a lot of interest and dedication to complete this course. I request the trainer to make this course more lively to learn.
There is a lot of information to digest in this course. I would have liked to have the information more interactive, like with the graded assessment labs, to get a better grasp. Actually interacting with the lessons/video sections is more informative for me than just watching someone talk at me.
The course has a lot of great information.  It is relatively good, but there needs to be more review other than watching the same videos.  If you miss something on the test, it just tells you to review an entire group of videos rather than what you had trouble with.  Overall decent course.
It shows you a lot you need to know obviously, but how can I use this in the workforce? I wish it were more simplified because it left me confused with what I need to know. Rather it shows you every aspect of it. Idk really I guess I would find out if I retained any of it in the future.
This was my first online course.  I needed to do outside reading to pass some quizzes.  To understand material, I need practical problem solving examples, but I'm not sure how to get that experience or where to go with questions.  Perhaps these are issues inherent to online learning.
There was a lot of typos in all the graphs and charts, the audio levels were all over the place, and it seemed like to the guy teaching it just read from a teleprompter and has never taught students before. I expected better from google but I was able to get through it.
This course is tough. I think the general ideas within the course are easily understandable but the use of clinical definitions instead of an emphasis on commonly used vernacular hurt the delivery of the information and made the ideas come off more complex than needed.
A topic as complex as networking struggles to be taught by video only.  This course would benefit from more interactive exercises scattered throughout to reinforce the concepts discussed in the videos.  Overall, a well-thought-out course full of valuable information.
The explanation of routing is rather confusing by reading numbers the whole time and the lack of illustration to explain the complex matter for beginners. I had to watch several youtube videos on the subject matter to understand better. It can be better, keep it up!
The methodology of explaining could have been made easier. The course instructor seems to have preconception that all the students have some IT background. They need to improve this course especially the networking module other than that the instructor was great.
A lot of material that could have been communicated with more real life examples and maybe with more imagery. It's not very interesting to sit and watch a person talk at a desk repeating definitions of heavy content for hours. More diagrams and infographics.
Too much Talk and little examples. The key to pass the test is memorize terms, this is NOT real life, only memorize!Please take out DNS, that too complicated even for experienced IT support, Just give something general. Please just take CCNA, thats better
we can read the text by ourselves, no need for dictation. Make use of the board explain the concepts.It seems as if its a discussion, not some learning class. We know the teacher knows the things but make him stand, give him a marker and let him explain.
Some of the exam questions seem like they weren't written by someone familiar with the material. Quite a few questions felt like they were pulled from the lesson transcripts out of context, leading to question/answer pairs that were confusing or wrong.
They whip through a lot of things, which is understandable, there's a lot to it this big universe of computers and IT.  But I wonder if I'll remember much of it by the time I have an opportunity to apply it.  I'm more of a "learning by doing" type.
i was excepting something else form this cousera this course is design for network engineering, in the market usually we configure the IP Printer, establsing server and client and troubleshoot problems like these which were missing in there...
Dense material. I feel like this course could be broken into smaller sections. Still fuzzy on IP address routing. Diagrams and animations are infrequent and not very clear. Could use more exercises to practice and see how things work together.
The final test had questions that required super exact answers that took me too long to figure out what exactly they were expecting. I knew the answer the first time, but if I added one more word or left one word out it will say it was wrong.
I think some of the lessons really were so brief.  Sure, you can always watch the videos again but there just wasn't enough hands on context to grasp what one was supposed to learn.  This course required a lot of extra studying on my part.
There was a lot of information that was difficult to remember, I think it was a great course however the difficulty level between the first and second was really big, the first course is easy to understand and this one was difficult.
Many of the sections are missing the "Save notes" feature, which is personally, detrimental to my learning and understanding. It makes sections more time consuming and difficult to break down into something I can better understand.
The wireless channel on week 5's test wasn't clear about what a network with minimal overlap would look like based on its graphics. Maybe an example would help? I couldn't find a specific way to solve the problem that would work.
The downside to this course was the lack of practical knowledge and application of material.The upside was that the assignments were difficult enough to force you to understand what was being taught without being overwhelming.
Felt like some of the videos could have been slowed down so we could really ingest the material instead of it feeling so rushed and missing the little things that were talked about but yet were on the quizzes.
Good basic information, did run across some conflicting information and was a little bland at times but that's the nature of networking basics course. Def would recommend if this is first intro to networking.
My only issue is that the information, especially in week 5, is very outdated. Knowing what I know of the current tech world, made it difficult to back date some of the answers to when the test was written.
It's great stuff and really interesting, but there's just a lot of material. It would better if it was spaced out or broken up a bit differently...perhaps with more examples of how certain aspects are done.
A lot of this course had to be supplemented by outside material and forum discussions by classmates. A lot of the material you wanted to cover in quizzes and assessments were not well covered in the videos.
Although the course has lots of interesting materials, I really think at least one qwiklab would greatly improve our skills in networking. Lessons are best remembered when applied in practical contexts.
The second week is overwhelming. People learn at different paces. Videos need to be broken up and explained more. People need to be available to talk to for help. More graphs and slow the lessons down.
This course would be better done with the instructor writing on a chalk broad showing the step by step of things like subnetting. Which is complicated to understand without the step by step process
A lot of topics were covered and it's very difficult to grasp those topics via short videos. Either long videos or links to other good videos should have been shared in the supplemental materials.
I felt the course delivery was a bit mechanical. For a complex and abstract topic like Networking there sure was plenty of talking that felt more like reading from a script than actual teaching.
i thank coursera for studying and learning of networking of computers indepth i had gain lot of networking skills and it is very useful for apply in network field. i once again thankful to it
The videos are really long and the amount of info is huge, also there was detailed explanation of topics that could be kept for advanced courses Also the course need more practical examples
This Course is complex and therea are not good image or examples to understad those complex topics. Overall course content is very good and knowlefge that we will after this is worhtfull.
Videos talk too quickly, nearly impossible to take notes without pausing every few seconds. The material I feel could be better explained through slower description from course teachers.
The course was difficult to stay with.  The instructors may know their jobs but reading off a teleprompter makes it very boring.  Could of just read the material and got the same info
If you're trying to reference to lessons for the quiz or assignments, tedious as hell.. allow for the search feature to reference all lessons in the course, would make life easier...
This course was hectic, a lot of information. I think there was not enough info provided, because the tests were really complicated and I had to study extra topics on wikipedia
This was all information, all quiz. I wish there was some sort of "lab" like exercise like the previous course. Still lots of great and new information for me to learn though!
It is a very big course and okay in terms of presentation. Poor in terms of explanation of the context of each concept, but its a beginner course so that is okay I presume.
The material is presented in a very digestible way; however, it is very, very difficult material which requires ancillary information in order to fully grasp the concepts.
The material was quite dense. I think an expanded amount of real world troubleshooting examples, and analogies related to other more widely known systems would be helpful.
would be 4 stars, but unclear questions and one buggy graded webapp holds it back. there's nothing particularly remarkable about this course, but it's definitely not bad.
the course lacks practical applications. weeks 3 and 4 are rather boring and could have been interspersed with some practical activities to keep students more engaged.
While the content was very useful, up to date and interesting, the reading performed by the instructor was very distracting at times as it was rather low in quality.
You will not pass this course without additional information from YouTube or another courses. Especially IPv6 compression test. They didn't explain rules properly.
There were great informations that can be taken however the whole course was much theoretical. I wish there were more hands-on labs and troubleshooting scenerios.
Networking being one of the most complicated parts of IT, this course cover almost every topic. But a little more illustrations and engagement would be better.
It was okay. I wish there were more animations and less speaking, as for a beginner It was difficult for me to grasp all the knowledge this course provided.
The IPv6 compression quiz is using wrong values as correct answers. if that was the case I would suggest making it multiple choice maybe easier to program.
The transcripts had several spelling and punctuation errors. That is my only real issue, as I use the transcripts to help me follow the content easier.
Good overview of networking.  A lot of detail.  I think this will be difficult to apply in real-world settings unless you are already doing this work.
Could use more visual aids, and could go a little more in depth on some concepts.  Overall, it was still a good introduction to networking concepts.
The course is basic but good. The quizzes are so boring, all about remembering useless numbers and concepts (such as port number of all protocols)
I feel like the course didn't explain things well. I struggled to grasp networking, this course is a disappointment compared to the first course.
Good structure, but a lot of information could be supported with visuals. It was sometimes difficult to follow just by listening and imagining.
Some of the instructions for the test were a bit confusing.  The content for each section was very well put together and delivered clearly.
the content in the course is very intresting and usefull, but i feel evaluation should be bit more tougher so as to make a good learning.
The suplemental readings missing for the quiz, The explaination of tutor is  quite difficult to understand ( or I am not clever enough)
Could use some mid video questions to keep you on your toes. It is quite a bit of information to hold until the end of the lessons.
the graded plugins are just about undoable with glitches or incorrect simulations or just no direction as to how to complete them.
I think some more practical exercises would be helpful, since this is a hard subject to grasp.  Other than that it's pretty good.
not all topics are discoverd in data link layer like how to find the checksum by 3 methods and also not solved any numericals.
Good, but would prefer if you stuck with the 7 layer OSI model for those who woould then want to learn the CompTIA Network +
This was a challenging course. The video lectures lacked detail and passing the course required extensive outside learning.
Sir the course was really good but I think there is some scope of improvement. Like too much theory is being communicated.
I liked Victor, but having to get 100% on the tests was irritating as I would miss one question and would have to redo it.
I loves the information but I have to say that there are many things that would be of help to ease the learning process.
I felt like the teacher did not explain things thoroughly enough in the more complex sections of the networking lessons
This is the longest module so far for me... I've enjoyed the lessons but it seems like I didn't absorb it. It's on me.
Course was fine but the Quiz for Chapter 5 is broken and it was pure luck I passed. It needs to be greatly improved.
Assessments contain a few questions that cover topics that were, somewhat, obscure, and not sufficiently emphasized.
I do not feel that everything is explained well enough to be properly prepared for the quizzes or for comprehension
to such a great course it was really difficult for me to follow the speech of the instructor. great work though
The course has a great content but it needs more graphics to help visualize the things that are being describe.
Week 4 of this course was very difficult and provided a great challenge, but once past it was a great relief.
Some of the parts were not explained thoroughly. Have to google some of the topics to better understand it.
the graded assignment of week 6 is faulty. otherwise the course was super helpful in knowing about network.
It need more hands. I realize that will come later but a more graduated approach would feel better to me.
Every single sentence matters, but this is more information than teaching. However, I enjoyed the course
To many errors in the modules and their operation when rating the% of grades. They have to fix it  ASAP
this presenter went too fast. i found online videos on complex subject via youtube more approachable.
Needs improvement. Questions on the exam are not covered by just the material provided in this course
i feel some of the IPV6  addressing could have been broken down a little bit more for understanding
Could have been made easier.. but in general I think the course was very important and educational!
The course was little bit of difficult and had sort of long videos... but still it can be managed
lovely course. but i wish it would be more practical than just us listening to a bunch of topics.
This was a very interesting course. I was able to learn a lot of new things, I had no clue about.
I wish there were more little questions and quizes like in the first Module "Fundamentals of IT".
The information was ok, but the compression quiz left out important facets needed to complete it.
Very heavy material and I think it should be further broken down I guess, but a very good course
The theory is fine, but could use more practical, real life scenario troubleshooting exercises.
This course could use a little more video that shows how things are performed not just talking.
I have problems with my week 1 assignment saying that the timing is expired. How to get it back
Needed to add more supplemental material to help one understand the key concepts of the course.
Decent course, lots and lots of information throw at you when talking about the 5 layer model
Good overview but not enough foundational knowledge to provide a basis for true understanding
Tons of information to process, but glad things were smooth. I love the virtual instructors!
Some concepts need better explanations and I'd like more review, especially on the terms.
Many things were over-explained and over complicated in this course than they had to be.
Text book knowledge, need more in-depth knowledge in terms of layer working principle..
nice lecture, but there are some technical submission issues with most of final quiz.
its to easy to find the answers to the test and not really understanding the subject.
Please Focus on Practical explanation rather Just Theoretical, Thanks for the Course
Wish the course involved more application of the knowledge presented, needs lab work
This course was tough. Had some buggy quiz courses that need to be fixed for future.
Tough, dry material and some of the labs didn't work well. But overall great info.
course was all theories and defenitions. needed some practical hands on exercisies
Very helpful but also very technical. It took me sometime to get head around it.
This course is good but more illustrative approach would have made it better.
The 5 layer data model was the most difficult for me, but I enjoyed the rest.
Very technical material, it can be a bit hard to process all of this stuff.
The expert forums does not reply good and fast and this will kill the time
This course is a bit hard to learn, but still i managed to complete it...
Extremely technical, learn at your own pace and do a lot of self reading.
It needed to be a bit more engaging, there was alot of number memorizing
Explanations are lacking a bit, it was very difficult to get through.
A lot of very confusing concepts. And the tests were very difficult.
The networking seemed a little more complex as too the first lesson.
Too many things crunched into one and way too many networking puns!
It was hard for me. I don't think i am ever gonna go in networking.
This subject is hard to learn. I am happy to finish this sesssion.
More examples would have been helpful, but still a good course.
Difficult, but the lectures are great for reviewing and notes
very wordy. would like more practical application examples.
Was an interesting course. Slightly Difficult but enjoyable
Frustrating at times and occasionally opaque question wise
There we a couple of typos and weirdly asked questions
A lot of thinking. Course 3 OS is just as challenging.
I think it needs some supporting materials or reading.
this one was very technical and made my head hurt lol
Course was fine - Windows VM lab was TERRIBLY laggy
some answers on graded assignment were incorrect.
The course needs more visuals and less face time.
This course is very interesting and very good.
there is no enough explanation for some topics
More challenging, but would like more labs.
Great but I liked the labs in module 1
It needs QAand simulator will be great
Very raw topic and too much technical
Good explanation but little bit tough
Routing quiz wasn't covered at all...
Some aspects were not understandable.
I am very thankful for this course.
not that practical which i expected
Need improvement in course content
I liked the compression of IPv6
It can be confusing sometimes.
Solid info, presented poorly.
Add more infographics please
I don't have time thank you
A very good starting point
This was very difficult
very difficult at times
that was very helpful
Pretty boring.
Thanks to Google for coming up with such an awesome course. If you're new to networking, you've got to stick to your guns & deal with the course patiently. Just one area of improvement, the course would've been x10 effective had they provided practical & more visual stuff. It's all theory & there's only so much you can remember. But anyway, I've definitely taken away a ton of value from this course. I would recommend it to any beginner just heading out with networking.
About 40 percent was hard for me because of work and the questions where kinda hard if you don't remember every single thing! But my favorite part was the cloud and IPV6 if I have a chance I would have gotten it done faster in a few weeks, not two months. I did the first course in like 3 days!
For context: this was not the first time I have been exposed to 75% of the information in this course. It was meant as a refresher, and to fill in gaps in my knowledge. It did succeed at this: I now understand more than I did before.That being said: there are some issues with this course. First and foremost, there was occasional inaccurate information. The particular example that I recall was MAC spoofing being the correct answer to the question "What is a common way to improve WiFi security?" (I am paraphrasing, something to that effect). As I put it in my feedback, this does not prevent anyone with greater than 15 brain cells from getting on your WiFi. It is trivially easy to bypass, and anyone capable of using Google could figure out how to do it in less than 10 minutes.Luckily, this sort misinformation is relatively rare. I ran into it 3-4 times throughout this course, but it is by no means a systemic issue. There were some other minor issues with low level networking terms that could confuse someone with experience who was not merely parroting the answers from the previous videos, but on the whole this was not a persistent issue.In a previous version of this review, I made some negative comments about the lack of labs. This was because I did not have a basis for comparison with the rest of the course. Because I have now been exposed to the some of the other modules, I have learned to lower my standards. By those standards, this course is actually pretty good, and it is easily the best one in this series. I still have minor gripes, but nothing compared to the issues I have with some of the later courses.
This one was definitely much MUCH harder than the first module of the course. However I will say, as daunting as computer networking used to be for me, after having completed this Bits and Bytes course I feel a lot more confident about my general knowledge on networking fundamentals and how information is sent back and forth across the internet. To be honest, I found the entire thing quite fascinating so I may consider pursuing this area further with a CCNA certification. The most interesting thing I learned in this course is data encapsulation, as it takes place across the layers of the OSI model, and the exact steps computers take to establish a connection between each other across the Internet. One thing I had hoped for was a bit more in depth and interactive activities with regards to running networking commands and utilizing virtualization technology through the cloud. We started it with the first module by running virtual instances on the Google Cloud Platform but then for this course we just suddenly stopped that entirely, which was pretty disappointing for me. I could run some of the commands myself but without any specific objective it was more just messing around than actually practicing my knowledge and skills.I hope that the future modules have more in depth and interactive activities and assessments rather than just short multiple choice quizzes again and again :/
this course could use some adjustments at end of module quizzes. the first part is you have to reset it if you get one wrong and its a pain to have to keep doing it over and over again. drag and drop also had issues, in one instance I had the right answer but it was done in the wrong ORDER so i kept getting it wrong and the chat help was clueless. the directions didn't explain to do this in a particular order so i wasted a lot of time on the first part of the quiz. Please spend more time on binary conversions, ipv6 conversions, math and technical aspects of certain topics because there needs to be step by step examples, instead of definitions. perhaps excercises with an answer key at the end so im better prepared for quiz questions. please resolve the unavailable plugin for laptops. it says its only available for desktops. chat help didn't help and wanted screenshot. sigh. there are some glitches in this course that need to be worked out but it wasn't terrible, i think i learn better by doing rather than listening for a long time. I did learn why some things are done in tech that i didnt' know before but i blasted through this course because i already have tech experience and want certification.
This course definitely felt like a filter to see who was actually dedicated to sticking it out and learning the technical details of modern networking. It was a major spike in difficulty compared to the first course, but again I believe that was to work as a filter. After completing the course I have gained a firmer foundation in my understandings of IT and a greater confidence in my ability to learn. If there was one thing I would change about the course, it would be the provided supplemental readings. Don't get me wrong I found the readings useful but I did not appreciate that almost everyone of the readings were from Wikipedia. Now this isn't a problem due to reliability of information, it's a problem of information overload. I would appreciate if the supplemental readings kept in mind where we are in the Certification course. I found myself having to read hours more just understand one Wikipedia article in full. I think the readings would be of more use if they were in a more simplified language to represent better where we are knowledge.
As we learn more complex  material I think as a  student and also as a former teacher, it is best to re enforce the lecture material with Q&A sessions directly with teacher to answer the questions in a quick and accurate manner so in case any one gets stuck on a subject which consequently slow the progress and sometimes lead to quitting all together.I think the way all these material are gathered and put together for this certificate is awesome, having said that there are improvements needed to make it easier for the students to follow and learn.I am old school, got my masters back in early 90's, I think not only it is nice to have but it is must to have, as long as I remember we always saved our technical text books for future references. Although the online courses are much different than the traditional classroom classes, I still think for technical courses like these a nicely prepared PDF of the covered material would be very nice and practical for us newbies to keep and read again to better remember the material.
Didn't know what I was getting myself into starting into this course. Be prepared to take detailed notes from the very beginning. Draw plenty of diagrams. Rewatch the videos till you get the gist of it. Very very very technical. You really do get into the nitty gritty of computer networking. This course was no joke. But it helps to appreciate all the hard work that has gone into making what the internet is for us today. I would appreciate more highlighting of important terms that we would get tested on. I would skip out on writing something down, when later regretting not writing it down because it was asked about on an exam. More pictures would also be very helpful. I'm a visual slow learner and have very little IT background. This course was a major struggle. Especially week 2.. the dreaded networking layer. If it weren't for my notes, I wouldn't have passed the quizzes and finished the course.
Overall, I found the course very informative as i feel that I've learned a great deal. HOWEVER, some of the Graded Assessments felt that they "overshot" the information that was provided by the course. In other words, I felt that I was unprepared  and frustrated to take some of the graded assessments because the course did provide that information at all (IPv6 compression portion of the Graded Assessment).  ALSO, it would be nice when taking quizzes and "quiz-like"  graded assessments, that if an incorrect answer is selected, that when the user is reviewing the course, that the reason why an answer is incorrect is provided along with the correct answer. Many people that take this course do not have time to go back and review the sections to find a "needle in the haystack".Thank you for the course. It is a good course overall, but it  an use some tweaks to make it outstanding.
Please edit out the unnecessary/stupid 10 sec intro to EVERY video! In course 2, there are 89 videos. That's 890 seconds  or 14.8 (basically 15 min) of pointless and meaningless time taken from the students! And that is just counting the videos from the second course!!! I'm not going to count how many videos are in all 5 courses of this program, but I'm assuming its in the hundreds. That's a lot of wasted time for a 10 second intro on every video!And with some personal experience in video editing, I know that it really wouldn't take someone that long to go back and edit out the intros. I think someone could probably do it in a full work week (40 hrs) time.I did enjoy this course a lot! This might be one of the most practical courses in this program. I probably experience a network issue at least once a day at my current IT support job.
It is A LOT. So gear up. I had a history teacher who once told me that you cannot use one source for history because different people will have different perspectives and you need to learn most of them. for those who are complaining about the course being a waste, I say you didn't use other resources like Youtube to help. Google and Youtube are your friends people. this a college level course and simply put, you won't be spoon fed. Listen to the vids, take your notes, watch youtube videos on the topics you aren't clear on, do not rush the process, and google definitions for words and phrases that aren't clear. I am a novice. All of this is new. Don't feel frustrated. take you time and learn at your own pace.ask questions when you need help. read the forum threads. they are a wealth of help and sometimes resources. We can do this.
I really want the routing game to be a practice tool in this course. Not just in the test. Also, I am sure anyone struggling with the IP test in the last part could use some practice on it also, but once I did a few it wasn't so bad. I still want to play the routing game that was in the second quiz and I can't find anything like it elsewhere. I also don't like that some of the topics are skimmed over and quizzed in basics rather than more detail. Some of the physical and network link layers also blend together to me at this point sometimes, but I believe I have the basic understanding to pursue other certificates with this knowledge. Overall, this was a very useful course that gave a better understanding of networking to me.
This course was very good, yet I feel it could be just a "touch" better.What I mean is I personally would have liked a "bit" more lab work. The course was instructed very well and the few 1 question quiz labs you take throughout the course were great. I personally would like a few more hands on labs added to the course - maybe in a 3 step approach - Beginning, Middle, End - I feel it would keep you involved more visually and assist in just showing the common real life steps you will physically have to take when resolving networking issues as an IT Professional - Other then that, the course was AMAZING in the knowledge you gain and understanding of the true genius behind networking and the internet as a whole
I understand lectures are an important part of any learning. But I would like to see more lab type listens to enforce the knowledge we are learning. For instance, I listened to the videos concerning IPv6, and how to shorten them. But I did not truly understand it until I took the test, actually using the knowledge to shorten the addresses. There are many items, such as the different packets and protocols, that could be better explained using some type of lab.But I have increased my knowledge. I have a deeper understanding of networking  now. I just feel that there are some areas that I know, but don't truly understand. A lab portion could make a difference in that.
A very nice, digestible introduction to a 5-layer networking model! Drills all the way down to the packet and media layer where bits travel as electrical signals, explaining switching, routing, DNS servers and other core networking infrastructure. Google presents things in a nice fashion, with good diagrams, analogies and explanation throughout. This course isn't a replacement for CCNA or whatever other massively deep networking certifications exist out there, but it'll give you a great foundation to understand and perhaps entice you to learn even more!So far, my favourite course from the Google IT Support Certificate Specialisation here (I'm on the final one now).
This course I rated a little bit less than the previous course because I feel like a lot of this information is very helpful, although I feel there should be more in this section on just making sure the users understand fully what is being taught and introduced and how its used with maybe more VR machines like used in the previous  course. I loved that I learned a bunch of valuable information I just feel like the 5 layer network really does stump some people. I suggest possibly in the future doing a drag and drop diagram for the 5 layer network as well to have a better understanding of it. :D This course was very information heavy but awesome to learn!! :D
To me this was a hard course to understand. Some of the Modules and assignments should have had various examples and practice questions before the test/quizzes. One thing I did not like is there was very little feedback why we are wrong and how to approach the problem. I'm lucky that I am studying for Network+ and my CCNA so this was not so bad. However I quit this course a few months back because the content was not enough in my opinion to pass some of the exams. I had to youtube and learn from many other sources to find the answer and even the instructor showed Youtube videos instead of finding the answer from the provided content by google.
This course was very complicated and it's some very good material to learn.  I do think it needs to be broken down further and more interactive.  Most of it was just talking and telling definitions which for something like this makes it hard.  In the beginning when there was the router and switch comparison to sending mail and how you receive it was fantastic!  If more is done for other concepts like this, maybe using sport terms or doing something for the mail delivery again but in more depth, then maybe more will get the hang of it.  It took me forever to pass due to it's difficulty and my limited time but I finally did it.
This is really a step up, from module 1, however it is impossible to know and learn everything about networking. If people going on the will find that CompTIA or Cisco having a different approach to things, said this Google setting the baseline here, and people interested in this field should look for CompTIA Network + certificate, rather Cisco since it is vendor based and mostly you can see it as training for their own products than anything else, not every company has the money for the high end equipment.  Therefore it is good to know the fundamental things disconnected from any specific branded soft/hardware.
There are a lot of wording errors in the class that i end up having to guess on the quizzes, tests, and projects. For instance in the class it states that you put "::" instead of having "consecutive groups of just zeros". Nothing about a single group of zero's. When it came to the project, there was a single group of a zeros and I was just talking out the leading zeros as per the first rule of shortening an IPv6 address, but after a few times of going back to the videos and making sure I am doing what they say, I try to just use the double colon and it worked. This only one instance, but they are all over.
I really recommend this program to any age group person. thanks to this program I am nowt so intimidated when I see ERRORS pop up on my screen and I now feel capable fixing  or trying it on my own, and that's good coming from a person that would go on panic mode when turn on the computer and I could not get on. And things words like bandwidth would not registrar in my head what it meant and how that impacts your hole process to operate smoothly or how to access your command prompt and all the features that are in it. Anyways, this program is absolutely worth the time and effort you will put in to it.
This certificate was much more difficult for me.  A lot of information to take in at once.  The presentation format is the same as the other certificate I completed and do like the various ways the information is presented.  I think with the information I need it to be with more examples and even broken done to more videos and slower.  Some videos were 5 to 7 minutes long with lots of info.  Even if I watched over and over again the information is presented in the same manner.  I still enjoy what I am learning.  I think it was this particular topic that was difficult for me to wrap my head around it.
The concepts introduced in this course are very complicated, particularly for those uninitiated in the technical aspects of the internet and computer networking. It was a very challenging course to understand, but very rewarding to complete. My one criticism would be that some of the lectures fell a bit flat on explaining these complex systems, and i usually resorted to accessing supplemental learning elsewhere in order to fill the gaps. Perhaps going forward instructors can implement the use of some graphics or even a dry-erase board to physically draw out and explain these complex ideas in detail.
The course itself is good, but if you do not have prior knowledge, I believe that it will be difficult to understand many of the concepts covered. It has a very extensive content, with many theoretical classes that explain each layer in detail. I believe that many of the negative evaluations of this course are due to the extensive applied theory. It is useful to know each concept in detail, but in daily professional support, a practical approach can be more useful.
At least in relation to the course I took at the university, this course in theory went beyond the content of an entire semester.
I loved the course and learned a lot from it. I came into this thinking that I knew more than I did and I was blown away by how much information there is. However, I looked at it as an opportunity to learn more and absorb everything I can from the course. The only complaint I would have about this course and other courses within this certification program would be the tests and quizzes seem too easy. The final quiz at least should be a test you can take only once to really test the knowledge and add a little pressure to really sink the knowledge into your brain.
Incredibly informative course giving a broad overview of network fundamentals, basic troubleshooting, and giving an understanding of the 5-layer system while also providing information about Cisco's 7-layer model.Rated 4 stars because there are some fairly minor inconsistencies with video quality - some of the earlier videos don't include subtitles, while others had multiple corrections added; later videos don't have this issue, and it's nothing that detracts too much from the course itself - highly recommended.
I really enjoyed this course and the complexity of it as well. I would have liked to have something at the end that would give a broader view with examples of how each of the parts of this course worked together so that it was easier to understand as a unit. Although I got through it and understand the individual parts, I found that sometimes it was taken for granted that you would have an understanding of that higher view when advancing to the the next videos. At least as far as the tech language went.
Networking is a vast concept in IT. Yet, this course covered all topics an individual needs to know. I was never fond of Computer Networking, but after completing this course, I can say that I am confident if I had to describe the components of networking and how it works. I might still need to brush up some concepts and rewatch some lectures to let some topics sink in as this was a very lengthy yet informative section. But for now, I am satisfied with what I have learned in this module.
I'm grateful to be able to take a course like this for such an affordable price at my own pace. The two big things I felt were missing were a list of relevant vocabulary and definitions that we could reference without having to read through all the text and a way to take notes without having to copy a line from the text. It would be amazing if there was a way to make digital flash cards! Those changes would make my study materials more cohesive and comprehensive within Coursera itself.
There is a lot of grammatical mistakes in that course, the verbs send, sent, build, built are used interchangeably and in some parts you can tell that the text has been translated by the computer.  I tries to send some corrections but i gave up it's too much to concentrate on content and the structure of it.  For the users that use English as a second language it might be  more difficult because it's not clear what the text is in comparison what the teacher says.
The material would be easier to retain chunk-to-chunk if the practice quizzes were longer, maybe even as long as the final quiz. The practice quizzes were a good place to test my retainment of info, and go back to check anything I missed, but with only 3 or so questions, a lot could fall through the cracks by the time I got to the big final test, and at that point it was a *lot* of information to go back and sort through, even though I took notes.
This course was very depth and I definitely understand the fundamentals of computer networking. I have purchases books to help me expand my knowledge for this subject. I feel that this course would benefit from including some of the interactive assessments from course 1 however. I feel that having the opportunity to log into a VM and put into practice what this course is teaching would be a great way to 'learn by doing' in a training environment.
Many of the concepts were VERY challenging.  It would be nice if they could be explained a little bit slower so all of the information could be grasped easier.  I had a very difficult time comprehending some of the concepts.  Perhaps this would be a good place for a lab, or more "hands-on" type of practice quizzes instead of 2-3 random questions about what was learned.  Overall, there was an extensive amount of information.  Very detailed.
Overall, very good course. The instructors kept me motivated to continue. However there were some sections that were not explained adequately enough to do the quiz. There were steps left out of the explanations of subnetting and routing that I had to learn from other online youtube tutorials. What would be helpful is to have some nitty gritty examples that are worked through step by step that get the student prepared for the quiz.
I did learn a lot from this course. Some of the course work were challenging and I loved that. However, while I feel like I gained a lot of theoretical knowledge, I was hoping to get more practical skills as well. Since computer networking is such an important aspect of IT today, I would have loved for the course to have incorporated more simulated lab experiences where students can practice some of the skills they learned about.
Awesome course! You guys have done very well.Recommendations for the future is to add labs to really get some of these protocols "demystified" and en-grained into the minds of individuals hungry to learn and grow. I have been in Video Production for 20 years and already this is building confidence in me to approach Cyber Security. Thank you! 5 star program but wanted to reserve a Star to add the Labs. Thanks for your time!
Wow I learned a lot about computer networking. The instructors were energetic and shared career advice.The one area of improvement would be the supplementary readings. Instead of Wikipedia articles I want google to write their custom content for the course. The content should cover more about the day to day tasks and responsibility of network engineers and  more troubleshooting tips. Overall I really enjoyed the course .
Great section! Someone really needs to proofread both the script below the video and the closed-captioning though - throughout the bulk of these presentations.Also, the final tests are demonstrably more difficult than the in-between quizzes. I do not mind the difficulty level (that is how one learns), but I feel like I am not learning anything through the quizzes which makes me woefully unprepared for the final.
Lots of good information in the course, but there were a number of assignments that were incredibly frustrating from a technical standpoint. Taking 3 hours to do a 20 minute assignment due to tech issues is an incredibly frustrating experience. For any future learner, make sure you set aside time for the Qwiklabs and the small tertiary assignments (usually the practical assignments after the 15 question quiz).
It was really a great learning experience. Teacher is very articulate. Nice slides and to the point info. Only thing was hard week 2 Quiz, about network connections, I did the assignment without understanding it by trial and error. I think, teacher should make an extra video to take thru few scenarios, how to calculate the  network addresses for the routes for data transmission. Thank you Coursera and Google.
Maybe a more detailed, physical construction of the five-layer network model would help more. Maybe something like an assignment that isn't weighted heavily instead of a multiple choice quiz. Something like a puzzle if that makes sense. Connect each layer in order, construct the encapsulation by hand, etc. Overall great course. May have to refer back to it but I know it has most of everything I need to know.
Great course. I wish there were more visuals to accompany the video lessons. I had to refer to a lot of outside sources, YouTube videos, to fill in some of the gaps I had in understanding the lesson material. Overall, I learned a ton from this course and far more than I could have learned anywhere else, I think. So I'm grateful I had the chance to complete this course. I'm looking forward to the next course.
Very good and informative course. I feel like some of Week 2 and Week 3 could use some refinement to improve the course experience. Very heavy in information, terms, and concepts but not a lot of reinforcement activities like we saw in the Technical Support Fundamentals classes. Video pauses that pop up with quick question quizzes can slow the monotony of the course and ensure key concepts are reinforced.
I contains a lot of technical information that can be difficult to process and assimilate in one go; depending on the person, the videos might need to be watched more than one time. It would be nice if they had more graphics or images relating to what is being said, as well as more interactive exercises and maybe more examples related to the real world and daily life that most users might encounter.
A very good introduction to networking. Only reason one star is taken away is because of the low quality of some of the exercises. Often they were unclear as to what you are supposed to do, the grading system was buggy or inconsistent, and there is no participation by the mentors or any Google staff at all. Otherwise the depth and detail of the course is just right for the level and role intended.
Great course, but in some cases there were drawbacks, mostly in the Graded Assessments, where I couldn't just correct one error like missclick for instance, but I just had to reset the whole thing. That's very frustrating, especially when you are in the last task and boom missclick go back and do the whole thing once again. Also the last task: deleting zeros. God damn it was like Where's Waldo...
I very much enjoyed the course, but often I felt lost in all the complicated material. The subnetting section was extremely hard for me to grasp and had to find other material outside of the course (YouTube) to help me better understand. I think for more complicated sections/modules it would be helpful to maybe explain or give more time to go over concepts. I felt it was a bit rushed at times.
It's okay for a non-technically minded person. I think this part could use much more video of how things work as the speaker is explaining the concepts. Many people taking this course are not technically minded, which means they need it broken down into layman's terms or in a way they can relate to it. I think it would be better with more step by step video "art" while the speaker is taking.
This course has very valuable information and the instructors seem very knowledgeable, however, I've experienced issues with one of the quizzes and although I reached out in the appropriate manner I received no response.  There is no one to speak with if there are problems and I don't feel that is good teaching ethic.  As a whole I am learning a lot and plan on continuing with the program.
I would have given it a 5 star except for the fact that the IPv6 question on the quiz was bugged and additionally the networking quiz was difficult and the explanations weren't completely clear. Specifically, that you can only abbreviate with the double colon once when abbreviating an Ipv6 address. However, I did enjoy the course , it was very informative and I feel that I learned a lot.
So, this course is very challenging and can improve my understanding of the networking concept(which I feel I'm quite weak in this area).Just one thing that you must score perfectly in a quiz about IPv6, if not your grade would 0% no matter how much you try. I've been through that then I realized, so I hope this would be a guiding light for us all. Great, and thanks for all the Tutor!
Nice overview of computer networking fundamentals. As you might expect from this kind of course (coursera based), you don't get a terrific amount of hands on experience, but the exercises at the end of each week try their best to provide test the understanding of the lectures. Limitations of the medium and the introductory nature of the content aside, I would say I'm pretty satisfied.
Too much information :) Can you imagine if a Professor comes to a lecture with only 1 - 2 slides and then reads everything from papers. Would you be excited? I don't think so. I believe this course can be improved by adding more slides and examples. Additionally, it would be beneficial by adding labs. For instance, how to create networks, or how to settings the routers etc.
This was a tough one. I feel that I am just scratching the surface of what a true IT Professional needs to know in the realm of networking. Cabling, Routers, Switches, IP addresses and so much more are all a little bit clearer to me now. I hope that I can take what I learn here and become more equipped for the IT networking world. Can't wait to configure my first network.
I want to give thanks to the instructor of this course!  His articulation and consistency over the vernacular and nomenclature was very well received.  I feel quite informed.  The only thing I would add is more quikilabs.  Similar to the first course, I believe everyone needs alittle more hands on experience, performing some of the command lines expressed in this course.
Good course, I was pleased to be able to learn about the way computers and networks work. Sometimes the amount of information delivered felt a bit overwhelming when dozens of new word definitions were added for each video without being revisited later. That being said, I am very satisfied with the lecturer who managed to make such content engaging and exciting.
I wish the videos went into more detail and used more diagrams to show what is happening, especially during the subnetting section. I like the videos, but I feel like I'm often forced to do a lot of my own research to figure out how to solve problems. I wonder if that is by design? I know many IT specialists have to research problems before solving them...
This was a changeling course, it is one that I strongly recommending to take in small bites and try not to get overwhelmed with everything thrown at you.  The one thing that I think would help make this course better is adding some labs as challenges for testing the commands you learned. I.e troubleshooting network configuration, identifying address etc..
The content was more challenging than the first course. So overall I was happy with that. I think the quizzes are just a little derivative but if you look at them like a study tool, they can be very helpful at analyzing where you need more support. I don't know that the discussion prompts are too helpful, though often people can be a great resource.
This course was a bit hard for me, especially after the very easy first course. But after going back to the videos again and again and researching the topics I struggled with, it became a lot easier. And I became more familiar with the information in this course more than the first one.The course was different and harder, but a lot more enjoyable.
There was a lot of information here that just hurt my brain. The practical/quiz exercises didn't seem to match up with what we were told - or maybe I just don't know how to take notes? It felt like I missed some of the information from the lectures in the test - may be the way the question is phrased or how my notes refer to those parts is wrong?
I have really enjoyed this course and learned so many new things! It's a lot of information which took me quite some time to process. I'm only giving it a 4 star rating cause of the difficulty of the subject and how I had to go back again to review the materials. Not that it was poorly explained rather it could've been broken down a bit further.
Course is well organised, a fun to learn adaptive learning helps to grasp concept more effectively. But not enough questions are solved for students to practice. Moreover, enjoyed networking puns too :) Excellent platform for beginners to learn about Networking. I felt if some simulation tools were introduced then it would have been much better.
It was a big course, very interesting. But, I think it's too looooong, I'm really tired to complete this course. Also I want to get more practise, because these knowledge are nothing without practise. If you really want to become a system administrator, you need also a job, because this course can't teachs you everything. Good luck, everyone!
Absolutely great course! It's not as hard as you would think, but as long as you don't give up it will start to make sense the more you learn. It is very confusing, but I've been studying these similiar concepts for about a year now and even took a Cisco course from Syracuse University for Veterans, and luckily there is a bit of an overlap.
awesome!!!...Taking this course was a right decision for me as I didn't know much about networking. But the course consists that one needs to know about networking.All the areas covered are super important for me in the coimng future.Also I will not remain clueless when there is any small discussion amongst the friends about networking!!
Awesome course that's jam-packed with information!  I definitely learned loads and will for sure have to review all that was learned!  I do wish that the course had a bit more interactivity to really anchor the information learned perhaps in the form of more Qlabs.  Overall a great course with a fabulous teacher who made learning fun!
The overall content is very good. I have two suggestions. first, please include some practical examples for the important topics. second, the sebneting or subnet mask part was not well explained. if you read the discussion everyone has problem with the way it is explained and well-explained practical examples should be given.best,
This course is full of computer knowledge!  There are some videos where I wish things were explained better but I find critical thinking is important in these instances.  There are flaws in the testing that make it stressful to take tests.  But again patience is a virtue with this course.  Take notes and keep moving forward.
It is a very interesting course, it gave me a little light on the internet and computer networks. The truth is a difficult and broad topic and I think I need a little more to reinforce it, that's why I give it 4 stars, because it is a lot of technical information for people who are not supposed to have previous experience.
Wow !! This was too much stuff. I think this course could be shrink to only few basic detail which is needed as there are lots of stuffs that we might not need to know so much in detail. Or the course can be split into two or more or even a different program. This is too much information. But the overall course was fun
It was a very complex set of modules relating to networking and the structures of IP and how the interaction between computers is very broad. Some of the material could be better presented and more thought out. but there's no denying that what is here to digest will come really handy in the career field of IT support.
The course was really great and had a lot of important info , but the info should use a more of a practical demonstration, the course is mostly theoretical, and a huge ammount of information being thrown out into you in each video, but the quizes kinda took the right approach putting "some" info into practical use.
Everything is great, but the graded quiz system needs to be changed at moment, when its compares answers to correct one. its very SENSITIVE to any mistakes with any letter, like aDDreSS will be correct, and aDreSS is not. Its sensitive even with a DOT at the end like in DNS IP 8.8.4.4. is not correct. And so on....
This is an extremely high-level overview of how computers network with one another.  Some of the information is really great, and this course is a good setup for a deeper dive into networking.  Be warned:  Some of the questions in the graded assignments can seem pretty vague.  Take your time and think it through.
Very interesting ,  i like the teacher , i did not give it 5 star , they should have added more animation (demonstration and illustration ) . as most us we were not familiar with some of the topics , it was hard to understand the context, so animation is the best option , we few of them , and i appreciate.Thanks
It was allot to take in without having a book in my hands. Taking this class was a bit difficult because it's all video's, so I found I learned and retained better not so much by watching the video but by reading along with the script. Overall though it moved really fast for my speed but I enjoyed the content.
I enjoyed most of this course. I did feel like describing the entire TCP Connection process from beginning to end in week 2 was a bit of a big ask, but I understand why it's important. That said, putting that together in pieces or even in a dynamic modeling setting might be more efficient for people to learn.
I really enjoyed this course.  While I likely won't work in networking, it is interesting how networking works and amazing that some geniuses developed this technology.  I will have to refer back to my notes often to refresh the concepts and memorize the acronyms, but I liked the challenge and the material.
It was entertaining, but too much information crammed into videos. It was difficult to do an essay type test since it's all a bit confusing and the examples provided make your head explode. However i do feel I learned a lot. So this is the reason for my 4 stars. I did have fun though and feel accomplished.
While the overall course was awesome and highly informative, there were a few spots where I believe the lack of emphasis put on a subject area in the videos did not necessarily reflect that you needed to know it for the quizzes or tests. Otherwise, I am loving this program and am quite excited to be in it.
The course was very informative but challenging.  I definitely could have used a lot more hands on training with this information.  The modules should be changed to include more hands on exercises that I could face when working as a technician.  Other than that there was lots of good information to learn.
It was a super technical course and well-presented. Having these skills will be really beneficial to you as an IT support specialist. A few things weren't that clear but hey you can google anything that you didn't understand well. I had to find some other resources in terms of understanding "subnetting".
The best host so far. I wish there were more visuals in the courses. With all due respect - I don't have to see the host.IMO, the motivational fillers are unnecessary.Some questions in the tests were too theoretical/inpractical.But in general, I found the course to be a nice introduction into networking.
I enjoyed this course and felt like I learned a good amount concerning networking. My only complaint is the lack of testing and hands on material; it felt at times like I was just being shown a wall of information. It's difficult to grasp a lot of new concepts by just listening to someone explain them
This was a good starter course!  Coursera uses a variety of methods to teach this subject, providing several avenues by which I learned the course material.  Video lectures, reference materials, written tests, and hands on laboratories were all useful tools helping me understand this subject better.
pretty much excellent. the one thing that prevents me from giving 5 stars Is the lack Of preparation for the big quizzes. Sometimes The teachers aren't that informative leading to outside research of even more than the answer itself but even how to breakdown and pass the Quiz. Other than that Nice.
I feel very much like it went from an alien language in the beginning to a much more familiar language by the end. In the beginning you immediately get overwhelmed but if you stick with it, you begin to see the information actually sticks to you. It works, I enjoyed learning what I now know.
Excellent course! It would have been great to have seen some of the troubleshooting tools demonstrated in real-world practical examples. Also, the lesson on subnetting could have gone into a more detailed explanation. Overall, a very good and useful course. Looking forward to the next one.
Although filled with many highly technical subjects, a high level emphasis was kept to ensure that the subject matter was understood enough without bogging down in the technical minutia. A very nice balance that gives the beginner a good leg up and enticing them to go deeper on their own.
I am very glad to complete this course of which I will know more about using modern technology.  Actually I am now in process to apply the skills that I have gain through The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking course, how to connect or how to set-up connection, how the OSI Model works.
It seems like a short easy course but the depth of information and the additional reading really fill out the class into a professional and credible source of learning. There's so much to cover in such a short time you can easily review it 2-3 times and still learn something each time.
Good course, but the quizzes and tests don't always seem like a good test of knowledge. Lots of questions about random obscure numbers which really don't seem all that relevant which makes the course harder than it needs to be. Wish there was way more details on troubleshooting also.
Good explanations. Some of the real world examples, for example how the networking model works step-by-step were amazingly helpful. Other times there could be more examples, instead of just plain definitions. But still I would name this the best networking basics course I've taken :)
This was the most challenging couse so far in the series. A lot of technical information. I think a few more visual aids or handouts or diagrams would have helped to make the material easier to understand.The instructors did a great job at making the complex info engaging to learn.
Definitely a crash course, the course isn't too bad. It would be nice, if they included a little more work you could do on your own, maybe a program that lets you build networks to give you a more understanding and a little experience with the course layout. Over all, great course.
This is awesome course. You can learn many networking things like how computer device communicate each other, IPv4, IPv6, DNS, DHCP, Troubleshooting, Cloud Compute, Interview etc. It's really helpful for who want to be a Network Engineer.Thank You google team, coursera team.
Did not enjoy the guy teaching it at all, otherwise would of been 5 stars. He was annoying and used words that I had to look up sometimes. One example was using the word "antiquated". Why make the learning harder? I hope people do not get as frustrated as I did with the guy.
Overall, a great course. I know that they will continue to make improvements. There are a few sections in the material that are not as clear as they need to be (for example, in the IPv6 compression exercises). However I still enjoyed the course and felt that I learned a lot.
Covers all the basics of networking, but  you may want to practice more on subnetting and router connection to really get a grasps of networking. I think this module should have included networking simulation like GNS3 to complement the theory, that's why I give it 4 star.
At times I thought the instructor could explain the topics a bit more in depth.  I had to do Google searches to fill in some information I felt I wasn't understanding.  I also thought that the graded plug-in tests could use better instructions for how to take the test.
There is a ton of information to get through and digest. Being a visual learner, this was a bit hard for me. Concepts were touched on, and then we are on to the next one. Then a quiz comes up and asks you about that brief mention. I just wish there was more meat here.
There was a lot of info to get through but I thought the host did a great job of explaining the material. The graphics were great as well in depicting the various protocols and network layering. I would have like more practice quizzes to help the knowledge take hold.
Very heaving in terms of content, but I think there should be reference guides or cheat sheets for easy reviewing afterwards. Having to revisit the videos may be a hassle when trying to looking for the specific content you need. Overall, it was a great experience.
This course definitely explains a lot in regards to computer networking however I would have loved for the course to allow the student to troubleshoot common network problems in a hands-on graded plugin. Overall, it is a great course with lots of useful material.
This course has been trickier and sometimes even a bit exhausting. Too many new concepts to learn and, for some of them, I had to deep more because I couldn't visualize them properly. But it's been quite interesting. I liked it. I will see you in the next one!
Some of the videos kind of skip over the full process of getting from point A to B, like when using a subnet mask. Would prefer if every step was explained before shown the quick and easy way. That way, we understand how and why the quick and easy way works.
It was a very helpful course, but I would like you share more information about every topic, a recomended book or something more guided to the same way, because in internet the information is enormous and it's difficult to chose what info is more relevant.
I struggled with this course more than I expected, but with the resources available I was able to pass the class. Even if I don't understand everything that was taught I have transcripts I can use for future reference. Overall it was a very good class!
I feel that some of the more technical material in this course could have been explained in a more engaging manner. Some parts of the course definitely required outside instruction for me, especially subnetting. I found some great videos on YouTube!
The video and reading materials were well-presented.  However, I think it would've been beneficial to have more hand-on quizzes, or assignments regarding the week 6 segments on testing port connectivity and using the command line tools mentioned.
Really informative, easy to understand explanations.  I learned the concepts a lot more easily and solidly than I did from a semester long classroom course I took.A bit more interactivity may have helped me out with learning the concepts though.
Really helpful and informative course I was just hopping that we had a little more hands on work beside that the teacher was good at explaining the terms and the material overall is well filtered. I give this course a solid 4 out of 5 stars !!!
It would be a cool opportunity to have a Plug-in test where it was possible to input all of the steps in how devices communicate within the same network and from different networks. That process is the hardest to swallow by merely listening to.
Overall this was a good course but some of the subjects were extremely dense and could have used a bit more explanation. Additionally some of the videos used terminology that wasn't defined until later videos making things a little confusing.
Great course, Lots of information covered.  Would like to see more interactive scenes where you use your subnetting to actually set up networks and troubleshoot running commands to learn to use what the computer outputs in the command line.
This course can be very dry, but a lot of that has to do with the subject matter; this is very technical heavy and not so much skill based.  This course required a lot of re-watching videos for me.  Overall good, just a lot to take in.
Course helped to understand basic terminologies and made my basics clear but it must also include somewhat practical application of these terms in network troubleshooting as well as other day to day understandings.Overall its nice
Strong course, helped me a lot but it was quite difficult comparing to the previous one. I feel like sometimes goes too much into details before giving you the big picture, but anyhow , if you put the time, you are going to learn.
I really enjoyed the course. There were many things to learn and a few were challenging but it was absolutely worth it. There's the feeling of knowing what's going on behind the scenes with activities that users take for granted.
yes the course is technical , but it would be really helpful to try an implement more visual learning for the user since the classes can be such data dumps at times and the user can get overwhelmed by the steady stream of info.
Great information and the main lecturer is well spoken. I do wish there were more visuals though. It would have helped some of us who learn a bit more hands on or visually to see a lot of the things discussed by the speakers.
I wish I could had the opportunity to practice with hands on labs. Since the information of this course is very complex it is important to give the opportunity to the learner dto practice while they are learning new concepts
Networking is a tough subject, which this course addresses pretty well. I wouldn't use it as a sole example however, as I'd recommend you use some outside sources to help understanding the beast that is computer networking.
For the most part this was pretty well explained but I would definitely recommend reading a lot of supplemental material along with it. Especially if you are planning on focusing more on networking in the future like I am.
Only thing I wanted was more hands-on approach to utilizing some of tools. Much like how the previous section logged you into a virtual server to test yourself, the networking section would be amazing if utilized that way
The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking is a great experience and part of what makes it great is the exceptionality of the Lecturer.  I have an interest in Computer Networking and this course filled all my expectations.
I believe there must be some labs to do routing or command line testings for network troubleshoot. Very less information regarding practical. Cloud networking implementation example should have been given as well. Thanks
The information was great. I learned a lot of valuable IT information. I just do not like the peer review grade as much, because I feel as if I have to wait for someone to grade my work, before I can complete the course.
Far superior instruction and education compared to Technical Support Fundamentals. Docked a star as one or two of the quizzes require reading outside of the class material. Linux sysops will still find this easy though.
Honestly, I had a really hard time focusing on these videos. They seemed especially dull. However, once I realized I could read along and discovered I could even highlight notes, I absorbed the information much better.
I learned in this course about computer communication protocol, OSI networking model, subnetting, routing, firewall, DNS, DHCP, VPN, WAN, wireless networking, IPv4, IPv6, the cloud, and troubleshooting network problem.
An excellent primer in TCP/IP protocols and the basics of how networking and the internet work.  Some of the quiz modules are a little wonky but overall the subject matter is presented in an easy to understand fashion.
This was definitely a difficult topic. There is so much to networking but focusing and putting in the time really paid off. My head did spin a few times but doing some extra searching and reading help set it straight,
The information in this course is so integral in the IT world but I am so glad it is over it was not my strong suit but I enjoyed the challenge and am at the same time so grateful that I got through it in one piece.
Course was great I gave it a 4 star only because there were a couple of exercises in 2 quizes that I think would have benefited me if they put them in the smaller quizzes too and not the "final one". Overall 4 1/2.
Please replace Qwiklabs with something more reliable. Half the time I had to re-do the labs because even though I did the right steps, it didn't register or grade it. The content was great but the labs were awful.
This course was amazingly beneficial. The content was in depth and very interesting. I think sometimes it moved a little too quickly and may have been intended for someone with more background knowledge than me.
This part of the course was hard, having worked in the filed some years back and forgetting most of what i learned, this course became difficult in certain parts but i managed to get most of my knowledge back..
The course is very good but it was full of definitions and numbers. As a beginner, I found difficulty in memorizing all of them. I believe that the course needs more videos and animations to show some details.
A ton of material, they seriously could have made this course 12 weeks instead of 6. For what was covered though, it was great. I'm not 100% sure I'll retain all of it, but it was fun learning it regardless.
Aside from some incorrect speech-to-text in a few videos, this was an informative course. Please correct the written information, as it will confuse people who may not speak English as their first language.
This was a great experience. I learnt how the networks works in this a few weeks and that was just amazing! There were a lot of new terminologies and they used many animations and examples to explain them.
Very good course that gives you a complete overview of Networking. I just wished the course had more graphics (slides) and that some material could be provided in pdf format to encompass the whole content.
Love how easy and straight forward a rather complex material was made. Kudos!!!Gave me the materials i needed, and also provided me with extra materials for those i don't necessary need but might run into.
This course is great with information.  I only gave it a 4 star because at times I wished that I had more analogies to help me understand the most complicated technical processes.  Instructors were super.
This is really an eye opener to how how networking works and the bits that make it up.getting to know network layers and terms already heard but not familiar with is a plus for me in wanting to know more.
I have enjoyed this course a lot as it has given me much deeper insight into what I have already known about networking. Although I am still not able to configure my own network I can calculate subnets :D
Overall a great and very informative course, but I do feel there were some areas that could've used a little more coverage to give a better understanding. But very happy I took and completed the course.
It was pretty tough, and I think it's hard to know for sure now what information will actually be relevant as far as use cases go later, but I feel a lot more confident about the material now for sure.
There are a lot of acronyms and data thrown at you and you can get lost fast. Many of the classes I had to watch a few times over. It's not the easiest to understand but go slowly and you will get it.
It is a very interesting course. The subject matter is very well defined and it is a nice, smooth and quick way to bring the beginners to a quite advanced level of understanding the topic. I love it.
Very dense material explained as best as it could be. I believe a few more interactive applications and more visual representations of the material would have been helpful in retaining the knowledge.
Difficult but very informative. I had no idea what was happening from my computer, to the router and out to the internet. Go over lessons 2 or 3 times if you need to, re-watch videos and take notes.
This was very informative and significantly more challenging than the previous course. Some of the videos were quite long and I'd suggest trying to break them up more given how heavy the topics are.
Pretty good content, but doesn't cover actual settings in switches, routers, firewalls, or computers.  It's mostly theory.  I was hoping to learn more about how to manage and secure my own network.
The information given and taught in the course was as valuable as google but the teaching method was not as good that I thought it will be Because they just read lines from screens simultaneously.
Very good coverage, incredibly information dense. Needs a better way to review, you'll have to spend a lot of time going over notes or making flashcards to remember all the terms and definitons.
Good course and lots of valuable material for foundations of computer networking.  As I stated before, might have liked more topics/material on cloud computing which is growing hugely right now.
In the Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking, a lot was learned. It is more than an introduction if followed carefully with the added additional materials in each section. It was indeed awesome.
This course was a bit more challenging for me and I definitely have to go back and review it to make sure I understand everything. I'm glad that I did it though because I did learn some things.
This was a great course learn so much about how network works, solving problems in a network, verifying connectivity issues on different operating systems.  Types of networking technologies etc
Would have preferred some more "hands-on" lessons, but in general I enjoyed this course. I learned a lot and will be furthering my knowledge and skills with outside materials over time. Thanks!
I got so much to learn, I understood why things work the way the are n all. But it was all difficult, I wish they would've taught better by using non too much technical language and animations
I really enjoyed the course. It was differently more difficult then into class. lol I wish there were more training and labs on troubleshooting. It seemed to just brush over troubleshooting.
This course is not for the faint of heart. It's hard, and highly recommends some additional reading to get through. That being said, it is an excellent section and I learned a lot from it.
The course was really helpful for those how have little knowledge on Computer networking. Specially liked the simulated Exercise works than the typical MCQs. Learnt a lot from this course.
If you would have included some Access control list topics and some Stimulative examples for understanding that would have been great waoooo... Thank you for valuable time and info bro...
Some of the terminology end methods used in this differ from other organizations like Comptia, but the course was good for providing an abstracted, baseline understanding of networking.
Lack of visual Aids or Graphical ExplanationExplanation needs to be more Graphical or  consist of more visual aids which smooths the transition of understanding in some critical topics
I think a lot of the concepts here need to broken down even more if we want to understand networking better. This only touched the surface, and I feel like I needed more information.
A little heavy on the OSI model. I first learned this stuff around 20 years ago and can honestly say that I've never specifically needed to know which layer something might be found!
A lot more detailed information about the internet and networking works. It was challenging and a lot of information. The training increased my respect and awe that it works so well.
This was a very difficult course, but a strong learning experience. There were a few tough assignments that I felt needed more information to support them. Overall still pretty good.
Great course! Some of the graded work was tough, but good information. I didn't give it a 5/5 just because some of the graded material wouldn't load and/or a bit  hard to control.
Great course and instructors!You may have to fix some of the glitches people were encountering when taking the graded exams! Or maybe they were part of the challenge :)Thank you!
It took me longer than expected to understand some of the materials.. more graphic examples were helpful in understanding some of the information provided.. I enjoyed this course
There are code issues in the answers versus the questions in IPV6 compression quiz. A few answers do not match what is taught in the course, This needs to be thoroughly examined.
this course is amazing it basically teaches you how to internet works i gave it only four stars because it's really hard and lond, and i know they could've done nothing about it.
Excellent Course gain lot of knowledge about Networking!!! the best part about this course is its troubleshooting module which is very informative and something that I learned
Really good course. Only thing is there was a lot of videos and not a lot of putting in the work to understand it as well. I personally learn better by doing and not watching.
The course on basic networking was a bit tough to understand. Lot of terms for beginners to memorize and as there are less hands on sessions, one may feel the course too long.
This course allows us to know about the communication between computers through networks.Skeptically described and quite easy to understand someone who is new to this course.
Some stuff could be explained better and slower, also more examples would help a lot of us trying to understand everything that's taught in this course. So much abstraction.
While the information was a lot to process at times. I thoroughly enjoyed the instructors enthusiasm. As it helped me to stay focused, and got me excited about the material.
It is a lot of material to learn in such a short period of time and needs some more explaining and examples about everything, nevertheless is a great meterial to learn from.
Wonderful course, I came into it knowing nothing about Networking and now I am sure that I can resolved at least 80% of all networking issues. Not bad Google not bad at all.
There was a lot of good material to get through in all 6 weeks of this course.  I feel I learned and refreshed quite a bit of knowledge needed for a foundation to build on.
Very interesting and well explained. It's a lot of informations, I've done the course in two days and it's difficult. Thanks to the teacher I could finish it. Thanks again.
I feel the information covered and instructors were tremendous, but more real life examples and problem solving applications would help internalize the information better
Challenging, but thorough. There were more than a few times I wish I had a live instructor to ask a simple question.10/10 would recommend for the self motivated learner.
For all courses in the IT Support Professional Certificate, the Text 
accompanying the lecture videos need to be edited (cleaned up) to 
comport with the lecture videos.
This course is more theoretical than the previous one. I think it would be a good idea to have a summary at the end of each module. Looking forward to the next courses!
Amazing stuff.  The IPv6 compression  issue was never fully resolved.  I felt I had to give the wrong answers in able to pass due to how you abbreviate multiple zeros.
This course was full of so many different layers and protocols and just networking. It amazes me to now know I know a little about how some of these technologies work.
A bit of the information was confusing and not fully explained. Had to seek answers from someone in the industry to get a better explanation of some of the concepts.
This was my hardest course so far in the IT Support Certificate with Google. I was glad I was able to complete it with a 100% though but it took some perseverance!!
Course is long and challenging, adding more examples will help students to finish quiz easier and with more understanding. Great course with great  new information.
Very Challenging course that I sometimes wanted to give up on, but I knew that I could get through it all with Google's help if I could just keep giving it my all.
Good information. The labs were excellent but the lab environment is buggy (for example, you have to correctly complete the lab multiple times to receive a score).
This course is amazing I learned many new technical things in this course and I refer to all people who interest in networking they should enroll in this course .
This course was bit more difficult.  I found that a lot of the quiz quesitons focused on some of the smaller details which made it easier to miss those questions.
This course really was amazing and covered all the basics that I was some what around not getting at first by just reading then up ! This course was so helpful !
This course is great with lots of important concepts in the Networking process. Adding more practice and command line introduction would be better in the future.
This is really interesting in the breakdown of networking from the basics to The Cloud to IPv6 Addressing. I learned a lot  from the small easy to digest videos.
the final test in week 6 featured a plug in that i think had incorrect answers but it let me submit the exam anyway. Otherwise, this was a tough but good course
Its a hard course which means will arise the need to focus and study its contents by your own, but in the end it pays you back granting very good knowledges.
It was a lot to learn.  Struggled a bit but being able to go back and refresh was great.  It's what helps me to have that access to re-read or re-watch videos.
Some of the material was difficult to grasp but overall simple and well layed out. Networking concepts are by nature fun and enjoyable when taught in this way.
Great course! Lots of theory , I think adding more practical and visual activities to the course would allow for some the concept to come across more clearly.
That's a lot of information in a small package.  Very clearly presented. Challenging quizzes but the hardest was the assignment to put it all in my own words.
Good course. Especially if you have a basic understanding of internet. The only issue I would have for this part it only touches a little on a lot of topics.
Excellent material.  The only reason I did not give the course 5 stars was how difficult QwikLabs is to navigate and use.  Otherwise, the course is 5 stars.
The course bits and bytes were very helpful for a beginner to extend their skills in the area of computer networks. Thanks to the faculty who taught us this
Information is delivered very well. Easy to understand. Well defined concepts. If you really study and pay attention you will learn a lot from this course.
Great all around course, very informative. Had issue with a few of the module labs and the graded written assignment, but seek help from the forums for it.
Some lesson plans didnt seem a fleshed out as others, and certain topics were brought up but then never touched on later or just didnt show up on the test.
This course is decidedly more in-depth and geeky than IT Fundamental course 1.  The presentation and layout are the same as course one, and well organized.
Good course with a lot of theory and lack of practice. "Networking" is a subject broad enough to implement a specialization or a professional certificate.
I learned a lot from this module. I would have given it 5 stars except the transcription was missing for the last week. Other than that, I enjoyed myself.
The course content is sufficiently in-depth. The instructor is fun and exudes the right energy for learning. The concepts are presented with much clarity.
A little hard to follow sometimes. A lot thrown at you at once. You may have to watch the videos more then once. But once you get it, you'll be satisfied.
Thanks a lot Google for sponsoring this course, learned a lot about computer networks and I feel Techy from all the knowledge I gathered from the course.
In concerns with subnetting in particular I feel there should have been a dedicated course to this particular topic , otherwise this course was amazing.!
Week 4 thoroughly kicked my butt! Outside of that, I would have liked to see more practical application just to help drive home the concepts discussed.
This course was great but the one thing I would say is it could have been split up better. The examples were amazing and overall a pleasant experience.
i thought this was a very challenging course.  a ton of techie stuff and it would have been nice to have a little bit more hands on during this course.
Overall pretty good but a bit of a slog at times without enough hands on practice to reinforce knowledge and see how it applies to real life scenarios
good coursefundamentals were explained clearlycould have elaborated on vpn'sbut extremely funinstructor really loved the topic and made a lot of puns
Very informative course, but I fell a little disgruntled about the didactics. It could have more practical examples of how things work in real life.
I took me long time to understand but learned a lot from this course hopefully the knowledge will help me in my job. I wish all the best. Thank you.
Great conveyance of information. Course could use more Practical exercises and maybe some exercises dissecting datagrams to drive home the structure
Waiting on Per Review in order to complete seems like a Pay Wall, might need to assign someone to do reviews if their are no peer's in a week or two
It should have more practice, a lot of theory that will not be put into practice.excellent for those who want knowledge a little beyond the basics.
I had a challenge getting through this course but at the end of the day, it was information I am glad that I was able to learn and take it with me.
Pros: a lot of knowledge in many aspects of computer networking.Cons: the course is too much theoretical and a little of practical tips are taught.
A good overview of networking. This course has given me a solid foundation off which I can springboard my career into new learning opportunities.
The content, for me at least, was incredibly dull and a drag to get through. However, the teacher did an incredible job of keeping me interested.
the message was clear besides searching, but some quiz was tricky. Anyway, it needs more time to study for someone who is new it IT information.
Great course, it would be great if there was more practice exercise for the IPV6 compression rules, would help a lot when doing the graded exam.
Pretty much took notes word for word on this, it could be a much longer in depth course.Sometimes jumps from point to point without much notice
There's a lot crammed into this one.  But it is a lot of info condensed to fit the weeks of the course. Supplemental reading will be mandatory.
I do not like the idea of the GRADED PLUGIN only for use on a desktop. It's inconvenient for those who don't have one. But I enjoy the course.
I got a better knowledge about basics of computer networking and the course is really very well structured from basics to intermediate level
A little stressful towards the end with IPv6 Compression but overall, a good course on understanding Computer Networking and Troubleshooting
It is really good, great videos to help me loads. Appreciate it and now I am asking to my company to support training using this materials.
Some questions are quizzing on the exact wording of the definition, which in my opinion is not useful. Otherwise it's a well made course!
Great course! But I wish I had been shown how to configure DHCP or DNS on my PC's settings as well as a practical on how to set up a VPN.
Great course, loads of information on networking. 5 layer model to the 7 layer layer model and IPv4 and IPv6 and connection technologies.
the course was fun although a bit brain-tasking because there were lots of terms ad technical stuffs. but all the same, it was educative!
Some of the questions on the main quizzes didn't register as correct and cause me to get some questions wrong but either way i passed it
It's a wonderful course, I learned a lot about how the internet works.  Highly recommended for anyone looking to advance their careers.
More hands on practice would have helped this course stick a little better, I had to review several sections to retain the information.
Really grateful after completing this chapter. Very informative in terms of basics and more labs would makes it better too. Thank You.
The course was pretty interesting, but the content was little difficult to understand. If only the classes were supported by examples.
Good course and teaching. But they are somethings they meant to put has a user friendly. (sorry i can't say it, you may used my idea)
Not my favorite subject but through this course I discovered the basics of computer networking which I knew nothing about previously.
I have completed the course with very ease. The instructor voice modulation was good and i am very curious to receive my certificate
The difficulty was absolutely ramped up for this one.  Still not hard, but a marked tick up.  I am looking forward to the next one.
The troubleshooting sections was not helpful. I wish you went into depth of what to do if any of those command lines tools failed.
A great course highly technical! I believe important concepts were just glossed over that are very important otherwise it's great.
I have a basic understanding of the concepts of networking, but do not yet feel confident that I could troubleshoot any problems.
Some IP Subnetting points could have been explained a little more.  Was difficult to ascertain but finally done. Just a thought.
That was a good introduction into networkingPretty tough for beginnersI think I need get back to the course for a refreshment ;)
This is a very good course and very informative.  My only complaint? -- The tests/quizes are very harsh and have no flexibility.
This was a lot of material and difficult in some ways to digest. I strongly recommend going back and watching the videos again.
Overall pretty good but kind of skimpy on actually using a computer to fix problems. More like just a bunch of info to learn.
A more detailed description of how to convert IPv6 to shorthand would be a benefit.  It look me a long time to figure it out.
Learned a lot of things about networking that I didn't know before. The interactive modules on the quizzes are a bit unclear.
Really good course, great videos and clear info! Still the peer reviewed assignments are a disaster. They should be optional.
I wished there was some way to wrap up all the knowledge in order to grasp a little bit better how the concepts intertwined
Very well made and informative course. It is very challenging at times and has a few bugs but overall all it was fantastic.
I pretty much taught myself how to route and subnet. Otherwise, there were some decently explained lessons in this course.
Initially the course started with a slow pace and was quite dry but gradually it became very catchy and quite interesting.
Course is amazing and helped me learn a lot but it needs to give subscripts with all of its lectures which it lacked here
Wondering How Actually all Internet works in so much Harmony. Then this is the place to learn. Keep Learning Keep Growing
Very Good Course in need but you need to work harder to Pass. Thank Google. Am Proud to be a Google and Coursera Student.
One of the assessments, subnetting, it wasn't clearly explained in the videos how to do it.  Otherwise, its been awesome!
This course very helpful as an IT support role and every topic clarify so details that for easily understand each topic.
It's Really Exciting Course & Maybe exhausting for your mind but it gives you wide range of information about networking
Great course, a lot of information to learn. I wish it had more practical / interactive assignments between the lessons.
Really into depth course, I've learned so much about technology and how everything is becoming more and more connected.
content of this course is really a valuable one.... but while delivering the things is just fast and short descriptive.
the role play interview was awesome and really enforce some of the concepts from the course, more of the mwould be nice
i learn alot from thisrce  cource but play you give thr notes to the student like short defination of devices protocol
I really enjoyed this course. It gave an incredible amount of useful info in a way that was easy to process and apply.
This course explained many great concepts, yet I would have preferred more content background or visual explanations.
good teaching. It would be even better with more explanation of certain concepts rather than reading the definitions.
I liked the first course more since I'm into computer hardware a lot more than networking. I still enjoyed it though.
Its a tough phase. Have to concentrate more and revise thoroughly for completing this section. Challenging and great.
Gentle refresher on networking. it was great , though I was aware of the most of the concept, It was good refresher.
instructor was very informative and based upon the information given by the lecturer i was able to  attempt the quiz
I really liked learning about how networking does work. I wish it was more actual trouble shooting teaching, though.
i'm blessed to have found this course , it gave me a good perspective what networking and the internet actually is.
not bad actually. it covers a good chunk of material and it explains it well. it is not trivial or a waste of time.
The course has really inspired me to learn more about the computer and networking as well. Thanks to Coursera team.
Very basic intro, could use more network simulations to get one's hands dirty(ish)  implementing a working network
very good but still some parts could be more visual as it is also given to people with no background of the topic.
this is a very well learning platform to make a career  in IT.Thanks for instructors and motivators.Thanks a lot.
Great fundamentals, I think it lacks a bit of hands on, but in terms of basic theory it covers mostly everything.
Mostly vocabulary it seems for the test. Still had a lot of good information in it that can be used in the field.
A bit too densely packed without enough hands-on practice to help a lot of the concepts get driven home better.
Daunting and at times difficult, especially for a newbie to tech, but also, incredibly fascinating. I LOVED IT!
It was a rough going since networking was a new concept for me but in the end it was well worth it.  Thank you.
Covers a good variety of topics, but may be challenging for a beginner, even after completing the first course.
All the theory and technical information is well explained. But I think the course needs to be more practical.
So much more technical than the first course, could probably use many more hands-on quizzes or practice tools.
Its  a really interactive course all along, but it would have been really helpful to add some extra examples.
Had little bit of issues with final module assignments.  Very good course and a great overview on networking!
This course taught me the basics of networking in a very fun and simple way. Thanks for this amazing course!
Lots of technical knowledge, but really useful and a great way to learn about the ins and outs of computing!
I am not getting the certificate even I completed whole course with 89%  gradeplease give me my certificate
It was informative however I felt some questions were a bit vague in what they actually wanted answer wise.
I think they need to have more projects or tasks to guide all the learned knowledge concepts on networking.
The section on IP addresses was confusing.  I had to do a lot of extra research and look at YouTube videos.
Lots of technical things to memorize, i studied Advanced network before but i never saw this much details !
This course experience was amazing. I learned so many interesting skills and knowledge in it. Thank You!!!
This was a pretty complicated modules as it covers tons of important aspects of networking but i love this
ICND1 is more in-depth from Cisco (NetAcademy 1&2), but this covers good ground, especially for the price!
The content was generally good, there were a few typos in slides, etc. IPv6 was good to cover, if rushed.
I like the instructors and the material.I do not like the plugins of some of the tests as they are faulty
Great presentation of information, but hoping for more hands-on training using VM.  Maybe in next course?
At times there is almost to much to learn from a 5 minute video. Lots of info packed into every module.
I learned so many things but wanted to learn more for the skills needed in being an IT Support Engineer
It was good, I just wish that it had more hands on command line practice for troubleshooting a network.
The course was challanging and fun, but I feel that it needs to go more in detail in the harder topics.
Frequencies of survey prompts of a repetitive nature are way too high, its starting to get irritating..
The Module was very interesting, i learnt a lot from this course, from Networking to Cloud Computing.
Excellent teaching, with lots of technical information explained is a simple and straightforward
way.
this course should be more in depth and troubleshoot specific in order to solve issues in real life!
This was a tough one for me. It had some great information though and the videos were super helpful!
It was very hard but I wished this would provided more hands on experiences than with long lectures.
It was difficult and I found myself struggling when trying to process a lot of information at once.
It was my first course on Networking and yep i learned a lot .It opened doors for my future choices
A great course for someone trying to understand "How Internet works?" Keep up the good work team!!!
A little more complicated than the 1st one but very good. The practices were my favorite part of it
This was very challenging. I learned a bit more than when I taking Intro to Networking in college.
Uses some technical terms liberally without explaining what those, are but overall a great course.
Gets right to the point and presents technical topics in a way that is fun and easy to understand.
Challenged me. Still not sure I'll be splitting subnets without squinting, but great all the same.
Although some topics were very good and were explained in very good manner but some were too short
very good course , and precise information about networking and very relevant to it support role.
little more hands on would help as well as some of the test should actually be hands on not test.
A bit confusing at some points, but I managed to keep going and successfully complete the course.
Great introductory course. I recommend it for a beginner in the network field. Thank you so much
Would be beneficial to have more realistic hands on problems people would see in the real world.
some of the quiz modules are difficult to perform or they don't work well on supported browsers
Easy to follow videos, instructors gave good explanations. easy to research the topics as well.
Some of the quizzes had some confusingly worded questions, so be careful! Great info otherwise!
Really hard crush courses on Networking but it is totally worth it even for personally usage.
Please just take a look at the quizes sometimes as the answers might not be correct sometimes
some more video with examples on the subject would have been grate, while the speakers speaks
i think there must be more practical knowledge about how to configure network on each network
There were some technical problems with the IPv6 applet, I spent 20 minutes typing IPs.......
Thank you for the instructor to teach me, with passionThis is the rare and good course for me
The course is difficult but not impossible. Awesome instructor and well compiled information.
I was hoping to get more practical examples how to use information that I have just learned.
This course is very technical.  It required a deep understading of the Google Network Model.
there are tons of materials and protocols, great for knowing how networks and internet works
A very good course about computer networks. I learned a lot of new things from this course.
The course provides a basic understanding of computer networking in a very coherent manner.
It's a course worth taking! Everything was very clearly told and that too in a short time.
It was really insightful for someone who is looking forward to learn basics of networking.
Thank you for this course. It has been extremely informative and clear in all the concepts
Great Class Learned a lot and will probably be refreshing with these videos if I need help
Not my best subject but it describes what the course is about in networking and concepts.
I had a wonderful time with this course but the second to last quiz didn't work properly.
Cool tutor. Great examples used every time he tries to break down a really tough concept.
This course provides all external information and best course to learn computer network.
Pretty tough but very fun! The speaker was super engaging and the diagrams helped a lot.
Was far more challenging than anticipated ;However, I feel it was well worth the effort.
All well, though the wireless channels part was not too clear to me. Oh well, I passed.
Too many errors in Week 6 and it was crunch time. The final IPv6 subnetting had errors.
Very good course..........Need to make sure data is updated to match course narratives.
Quite though but it was worth my time and resources.Thank you to my tutors and Coursera
The instructor is great I would just add more interactive elements to this (like labs).
If there were more visual things it would be even better! thanks it was a great course!
A couple of the tests had a few bugs, but other than that informational and pretty fun.
I have not yet received my certificate yet I completed the course content successfully
Tough course. You may need to supplement some lectures with lectures found on YouTube.
Very Informative Course, it helped me to understand the basics of computer networking.
In general ok, a lot of very descriptive lessons. Second half could be more detailled.
There was a lot of information to take in, but I wish there was more demonstrations.
Much more comprehensive than expected. Very helpful even with some background in IT.
This is a broad overview of networking but covers the important parts in some depth.
I must say this was one of the hardest courses I've taken yet but very informative.
Overall this was a great course, it was just very hard! Alot of note taking needed.
Very great course would recommend for anyone wanting to take up and learn about IT
The course covered all the fundamentals and deep concepts of  computer networking.
It was tough but very taught me everything I ever wanted to know about networking.
Very tough course but with focus and determination you can get through this course
Very difficult but if you put in the time and note taking you can get through it.
Amazing course,Great explanations in theoretical mode but need more hands on labs
More exercises would be great. Real troubleshooting videos also would help a lot.
phewww...hahaha...in depth networking knowledge than what I've learnt in college
Did a great job at throwing a lot of information at me. Six weeks, isn't enough!
very good course,little bit complicated but very good and understanding content
Great COurse but you should include practical sessios like configure router etc
It's very good and helpfull. But I wish see a more and more practice exersices.
im sure there were some errors to the first questions answers in the final quiz
The course can definitely dive into more content, more homework and examples !
I would have enjoyed some more practice on troubleshooting but there was none.
Some projects or some applications of topics tought would have been great ,..
The routing and switching table was unclear. Otherwise a great starter course
it was another great challenge as well as an exciting journey. Learned a lot.
I feel video must be more illustrative than the lecturer's face all the time.
Its not for beginners and it will train you to a high level network engineer.
The exercises were not very helpful. Technical issues on peer-to-peer review.
Wish they explained IPv6 section much better especially the compression of it
It was great and amazing learning  with Google  carrier and benefited for me
This course was difficult for me . But the way it was taught is commendable.
Week 2... tough could of done a better job explaining hard to grasp concepts
FFTN I've always known as Fiber to the Node, not fFber to the Neighborhood.
I think it would be better to have more hands on labs and animated lessons.
A great instructor even though the topics are a bit theoritical and complex
The interactive assignments in the quizzes were very fun to be tested with.
It was a bit complicated but I think it was explained as well as possible.
This course was fun but, the data link layer calculation were challenging.
after finishing this course I became god of network. so I give it 4-stars.
Great class, would love to see even more interactive teaching and testing!
Some of the concepts were not clear and needed more time and explanation.
test quizzes should be more on concepts than about learning various data
could have been a bit more technical. but overall its good for beginner.
Would have loved to see some more low-level stuff too. Great otherwise!
This section of the course was very challenging but worth every second!
More challenging than i expected! I just hope i retain the information!
learn alot of networking protocols and the real deal behind networking
Some of the quizzes were difficult to understand what we needed to do.
It was complicated but was interesting. Thanks for this online course.
I like it. But, Quiz 1st for grade assessment is wrong. Please fix it.
Great course overall, but some of the assignments may be a bit broken.
I would like to see more visual explanations. Youtube is a handy tool.
Great way to start into learning networks. I loved the teaching style
networking is fun part in computing.. u must try and watch till end..
Sometimes the question in the quiz is not really a important topic...
Good information. But I wish there was a few more hands on exercises.
Some of the interactive quizzes were buggy but the teacher was great.
really amazing journey. Any beginner or anyone can take this course!
I realized that Networking is not for me, Thank you for this course.
This course was much more difficult, but had some great information!
Some modules in quizzes marked wrong when I actually completed them.
learned a lot of new material but it took me a long time to complete
The course has really enlightened my knowledge in Networking basics
I learned a lot in this course! I would recommend it to my friends.
Amazing course as an introduction to the Computer Networking world.
This was a very well put together and very helpful course.  Thanks.
Could have used more visual aids with all the information included.
Overall great course. Would like to see more labs for this course!
It was a great experience learning the bit and bytes of networking
Tons of material and crazy concepts ahead. TAKE NOTES LIKE CRAZY!!
Very InformativeCould Have been more interactive and Applicative.
It would be great if there was a little more practicals involved.
It was a difficult course but learned a lot about bits and bytes.
This course helped me alot in learining new things in networking
it is one of the best course that u can do on data communication
It is a very nice course and i am feeling a lot of exposure.....
this course is a little bit tough for beginner but it good stuff
Just needs a little more explanation on some of the vocabulary.
Lots of info but it has been very educational and hard at times
very nice course I learning a lot the new technologies concepts
Way harder than the last module, but it was definitely needed!
Really gem of course. For a beginner it's  perfectly designed.
best course for beginners but not fully detailed for protocols
Very difficult to keep along to, but otherwise a great course.
This is a lot of info to take in, but good info none-the-less.
Good InstructorGood MaterialPoor course management by Coursera
There was a  lot of information to understand and comprehend.
This course really gets me to the door of networking. love it
The course provides good overview of networking concepts ...!
Very complex content simplified and made easy to understand.
Needs to grammatically checked that's all I can think of. :P
This course was a lot of information to cover and very hard.
interesting course but i would like more practical workshops
Can be very hard to understand but has valuable information.
A lots of info in this course. Wish it has more interactive.
maybe would be a perfect course with more practical lessons.
thank you for your helping i have got such a network skills
I learn lot of things about networking which i didn't know.
Some modules had problems displaying (FireFox, Chrome, etc)
This was so amazing, learning about how the internet works.
This is a very in-depth course. Had to take lot's of notes!
This was a challenging course but I learned a lot from it.
That felt overwhelming and abstract, but I learned a lot.
This course made networking concepts much more palatable.
It's a great course for learning about computer networks
I enjoyed this course, but I admit it wasn't easy for me
The plugin activities should be incorporated tutorials.
I felt like week 6 was the week that I learned the most
need more real scenarios to apply the skills we learned
Could be more technical but it is a good basic roundup
Basic knowledge of Networking including IPV4 and IPV6.
Hello, good course but miss Labs...but still great job
Great beginner course or refresher if you've been away
I learned a lot of topics I didn't knew before. Thanks
definitely informative but also challenging as you go.
Learned a lot. I just hope I can remember everything!
It was quite informative. Learnt a lot of new stuffs.
some of the quizes had data contradicting the videos.
The exams was tough but the course was super helpful
All Things are pretty good explained. I likes a lot.
Basic materials were less, Needed more basic content
Would have liked to see more hands on demos or labs!
really enjoy the course and also add to my knowledge
A heavier course then the first one, but acceptable.
Good course syllabus to understand computer network
awesome course with networking covered at its best!
I learned alot about wifi frequencies and protocols
it give me a good knowledge of computer networking
Good course for learning the basics of networking.
nice course. little bit tough get all the concept.
concepts are good but hands on practice is needed
Good course a lot of INFO some broken up too much
it covered a lot of information, very interesting
Subnet session should have more content & samples
Very dense, complicated, and technical material.
Subnetting needs some more thorough explanation.
Good Course. just wish could have more examples.
Very complex in term of concepts but interesting
These peer reviewed grades are very frustrating.
All love with this awesome coruse from Egypt <3
A good entry level course for anyone new to IT.
Very awfully long course, but very informative!
It was a little bit challenging but I love it.
Tough course to get through.  Learned so much.
Great explanation of general network concepts.
Enjoyed the course. More Illustrations please.
I wish all videos asked interactive questions
very helpful and simplifies a lot of concepts
in some vedios the voice of victor sir is low
Very good course on networking for beginners.
this crouse is great , but need more visual ,
Great course, loaded with useful information
written notes needed as it has various terms
Lots of information packed into this course!
updation about latest technologies is needed
good overview, didnt like some of the tests.
this was an interesting and difficult course
There were a lot of bugs with the transcript
A great explanantion presented by instrctor
So much material It was almost frustrating.
awesome course.learned a lot about networks
It feels tough at some part but all doable.
Peer review was not beneficial to my grade.
Pretty tough course but very informative!!
Very challenging but extremely informative
Was hoping for more hands on network setup
The challenged me but I learned so much!!
It was no joke , alot of complex material
IT IS MORE USEFULL AND LEARNED NEW TOPICS
Could have explained in more details.....
Wow , Computer networking is a hand full
networking basics are covered perfectly
Computer Networking is so confusing. :/
very useful course and  enjoyed to do
Subnetting needs much more explanation
A must-know the course for IT Support
This one was difficult. Lots of info.
Tougher course, but very informative.
Great course, but a lot of material!!
Basic Concepts become crystal clear!
A good course but a bit challenging.
Great course with lots of knowledge.
IPv6 Compressor quiz needs refining.
Too complex for only about 24 hours.
Good overall. Small bugs in plugins
It was a great learning experience.
awesome instructor and rich content
Very informative and comprehensive!
its a great course very informative
Explain the Plugin quizzes better.
It is a best part of course for me
Love the puns from the instructor!
Pretty good and informative course
Good to learn basics of networking
Tough course but lots of knowledge
thats great.i learn newer things.
Very informative and challenging.
knowledgable and more informative
This was the hardest course ever!
Very Good and full of information
A little bit difficult, but good.
Hardest of the two courses so far
Loved every part of this. Thanks
Its been a really great course!!
it was difficult but i completed
It was challenging but worth it
Was great detailed informatoin.
The course was very insightful.
It was getting hard. But good.
learned a lot from this course
Decent basics and terminology.
Very thorough and informative.
Tests were rather frustrating.
It was an amazing experience.
very vast and goodexplanation
Good one. Easy questions tho.
Needs more practical aspects.
Need more reading materials.
course content is very good.
good content need to develop
can wait for my north course
Great material for learners.
Very Nice course. Thank you
this course needs more labs
Great Course for Beginners,
Good materials and trainer.
Long, but very resourceful
Pretty hard and vast topic
thanks a lot all of you :)
i cant see the next course
Great Job By Google team.
A bit confusing at times.
Thorough yet challenging.
TASK IN WEEK 3 IS NOT OK
best learning experaince
this one was a challenge
It's a very great course
Just sufficient material
The pace is a bit high.
Good idea and practice
awesome course path!!!
the course was amazing
It is worth taking it.
Good with the basics!!
Very good and adaptive
Great way of teaching
`This course was good
A lot -- but worth it
The course was good.
Very well structured
Highly informational
I enjoy this course
It was informative.
Too good experience
Pretty hard course.
Interesting course!
its an nice course.
Great Great course
Quizzes were tough
Very Informative!
very informative.
Too many concepts
very hard course.
Very informative.
very challenging.
very informative
It's a hard one!
A great course.
It was great...
learned routing
Its very nice.
great to learn
Liked th ePuns
Great Course !
Good overview.
Great course..
easy to finish
Blew my mind!
A lot of info
Good lectures
Need updates
Very hard!!!
great stuff!
thank you
cool one
Good One
is cool
Cool
I don't usually submit reviews, but it was very surprising to see so many negative reviews for this course. I want to clarify this for the others who are skeptical about taking this course. Please go ahead and take the course, because this course is THE BEST in Networking for beginners. Yes, the course does involve the instructor talking a lot, but it also has animated slides representing whatever he explains and practical tests to implement whatever knowledge you have gained. It is very important to TAKE NOTES and revise, and not simply watch the videos because nothing is going to get into your head by doing so. It is an entire subject and has been taught in an excellent way, you can't expect yourself to remember everything just by simply watching the videos. I was very scared of Networking until I landed up in this course. I love it now. It just takes some interest, patience, understanding skills and taking notes to complete this course successfully. I did not get an opportunity to study Networking in college, but really needed to learn it as a Computer Science student. I am very grateful to Coursera and Google for offering this amazing course, that taught all the basics that is needed for an undergraduate student to know. Learning the same syllabus in college would have taken an entire semester, but I got done with it in a week during this quarantine period. I wasn't planning on taking the entire specialisation because my aim was to just learn Networking. But now I am very eager to learn the remaining stuff too!I would like to specially thank the instructor Mr. Victor Escobedo, who is the best course instructor I have ever come across on Coursera! The eternal smile on his face, friendly tone and frequent Networking puns make the course all the more interesting and easy. All the other Google employees who made special appearances in this course also seemed so cool, that made me wonder what an amazing experience it would be to work with such people around everyday.Thanks a lot to my instructor Mr. Victor, Google and Coursera!
This was a very fun course! I really enjoyed the style and pace of the information given. A lot of technical information was given while the course made it easy to take in and comprehend the material!
A lot of information, but i feel like i fully understand core networking concepts. A lot of this info has helped me comprehend what will be required for me when I take my Network + certification exam.
what an amazing course, so much information and yet so easy to understand, would recommend going over a few of the videos and supplemental reading a few times, take the time needed, it'll be worth it.
Great course. It is great for beginners and for people that may have forgotten a thing or two. The way it was taught makes it so much better than reading man pages or something else as dry and boring.
If, like me, you don't have much of a tech background, there is a very steep learning curve between the first and second course of the specialization. This covers a lot of information, but breaks it down in what I found to be a manageable format. Not easy by any stretch of the imagination (if you take notes and study them, you will easily hit 8-10 hours of work per week), but manageable. I found the material interesting and the instructor clear and engaging (albeit corny at times). I picked up a CompTIA Network+ book on a whim about halfway through the course and already knew quite a bit of the material, which was a nice little confidence boost. The only thing that bothered me a bit was the grading--almost everything is 100% or failure. Honestly, I probably would have retaken things until I got 100% anyway, but when you're doing a module mid-quiz and have to start from scratch 10 problems in for one mis-click, it's a little annoying. The grading rubric for the peer graded assessment also really doesn't address the prompt at all. Very few of the papers that I read were anything more than a list of definitions with no attempt at explaining how the layers interact with each other.
I loved this course. When I had issues support was awesome sauce. I really enjoyed the puns this instructor used to keep you from going off in a daze. I really wish I would have found Coursera sooner.
A lot of new and useful information!
Definitely teaches you the basic of networking that are needed to understand how it works as a whole. Would recommend anyone who is interested in learning about networking to enroll in this course.
i learned a lot of things about this course , how computers are connecting to each other, and the real mechanism which happen inside the computers when two or more nodes is interconnectes
This course is exceptional, so much modern day knowledge in IT.
Apply yourself to these terms and concepts and you will gain knowledge that is presented in a very understandable way. Watch and rewatch the course videos and I promise it will all start making sense!
Some of the interactive quizzes could have been better explained and administered in a more efficient way. For example, the final quiz converting IPv6 to IPv4 shortened address - you should not have to continually redo answers that you already had correct. The way the quiz is administered is 10 random IPv6 numbers. It should have been done in such a way that once you get one correct, it won't generate again. A lot of the interactive quizzes were given this way and it just made them more time consuming. Imagine getting 9/10 right and you make a small error on the 10th. You then have to redo all 10 again despite having gotten 9 right previously. It's just inefficient. Other than that everything else was great. I'd like to see a mix of multiple choice and fill-in-the-blank on the quizzes instead of just one way or the other but that's not that big of a deal because there are flaws with both types of questions. I'd also consider doing away with the peer graded essays. I get the purpose for them, but I also don't think people were grading them fairly or thoroughly. I know for a fact that I did not include one of the items that was asked and 2/3 people gave me a passing mark on that particular item which shows flat out that they did not take the time to read through my submission. Overall great job, I'm enjoying the courses so far.
OMG learned a lot, so many things got covered which i don't even know even if I in second Year in Computer Eng. Glad I found this course. Really Help a lot.Now im not the same person in my class. I have very solid foundation of networking. Yeahh
I really enjoy this module. Everything taught was new for me. I already know what is DNS or VPN between a lot of topics showed. I'm Thankful with Google to allow people like me learn in a way so easy.
i learned so much even after i took CCNA i had some vague points, but this course made thing clearer to me looking , it even made me interested to complete the whole google it support specialization .
Kinda tough on this course through some parts. But I made it through. Thats all I needed. Thanks Coursera!
I learned the basic knowledge behind networks and operations with very easy modules.
This was definitely much more in-depth than the first course of the Google IT Support cert series, and had a lot of great information and I definitely came out of it more knowledgeable of certain terms and concepts that are important to networking and to building a strong foundation. If improvements to the course were to be implemented, I would suggest adding more visuals to better understand some of the concepts like subnetting, datagram encapsulation steps/routing in relation to the 5-layer model (at which layer X happens etc) . In particular, I had a very difficult time understanding binary - converting decimal to binary and vice versa, which I think is important to understanding CIDR notation and applying it to then understand how to do well on one of the assessments. After rewatching the videos, I ended up having to use some outside resources to get it, which I understand is part of the learning process in general in this field, but I also think those outside resources could be included as they were more clear and concise.I also struggled with the Wireless Channel activity - while I understood the importance of trying to configure channels with as little interference as possible, it wasn't explained how to do so in as fast and efficient manner as possible. I also think this course could benefit from adding in more practical applications/real-life scenarios, like explaining and providing examples of when to use ping vs traceroute vs nslookup, examples of common problems or things to look for in the output to help resolve the problem. Lastly, I felt that the Mock Interview video was extremely helpful and useful so kudos for including that! Overall a great course, and thank you for providing this resource to people like me with no traditional background or academic foundation for this type of field.
I was surprised to see so many negative reviews of this class, so that's why I'm writing this positive one. In my opinion, the course is excellent, and so are the instructors. Even their jokes are ok.  I did watch each  video at least twice, and I took lots of notes and reviewed them.  The text of the instructor's talk was below each video, so it was easy to cut and paste pertinent talking points, or to shorten them.  I think it would be difficult to learn the material only by watching the videos.  I also read the Supplemental Materials, and sometimes watched YouTube videos on the topic (especially for Subnetting and masking).  I am pretty much of a beginner, except that 14-15 years ago I took some Networking classes at a local community college, so I had some prior knowledge of the topic (but no actual hands on experience).I agree with the criticisms of the Subnetting quiz.  I misinterpreted the instructions (even though I read others' comments about them before I took the test).  I finally figured it out.  The test was hard even once I understood the instructions, but that's b/c I had a very hard time understanding subnetting & masking.
It would be helpful to have more hands-on quizzes, but I'm not sure how that can be accomplished in a class in this format: online and at-your-own-pace.  I think the next course includes command line instructions and practice, and this may help us all to get hands-on practice on our own computers, using some of the tools we've learned.
Holy cow! I have a Ph.D. and have taught coding for years. I never truly understood how networks... worked. I can tell I have only scratched the surface, but I'm stoked! I couldn't stop learning this stuff! Thanks for an amazing course!The good: it's not easy! I didn't pass several of the tests the first several times I tried. I had to go back and learn more. Brush up and do some research online. Rather than dissuading me, it convinced me that what I was learning was "real" content. This isn't a fluff Coursera course. Thanks! It made me prouder when I did succeed! Also, the instructor is likable, which is huge in online learning. Not pompous. Not tangential. Just perfect.What could be better -- hey, I'm a professor, so there is always room for improvement:The scripts were good, but more visuals would be helpful. Also, more description of some of the vocabulary would be nice. Perhaps a glossary. Several of the test questions were ambiguous: one referred to fiber being laid to a "cabinet." Does this mean cabinet for utilities, server cabinet, the cabinet where my grandma keeps her wifi router? Overall, awesome job, Google, and great work Coursera! Now that I work in online education at my university, promoting it broadly, I know that the competition is fierce from you guys. I think this is a good thing. Learning should be affordable and mobile. Very impressed!
1 OverviewI absolutely enjoyed this course! Some of the networking puns made me smile. :) The instructor explained the key concepts using simple English and simple ideas. I found this very helpful as it gave me a big picture overview of the networking device or technology and made me understand its purpose in the grand scheme of things. The graphics were great too and helps tremedously for visual learners! 2 DepthWhile I cannot troubleshoot network issues after taking this course, I definitely can see these concepts coming alive in daily live with a clearer understanding about the phones, computers, cars, routers, etc. around me. It was the just the right level of depth for someone like me who only has a basic understanding of how computers work. I dont think I would be able to cover as much breadth in networking concepts in the same period of time if I were to self-explore on wiki, watch youtube, or read man pages. This is certainly well-curated content and has given me a direction on what topics I could further read about. This is definitely a beginner's course and the focus is on exposure rather than mastery. Would love to see an intermediate course under this same instructor! 3 Area for improvementInclude hands on assignment like in Course 1
Great course and a great instructor! One of the tests didn't want to load on Firefox, but loaded properly on Chrome. There have been a few technical difficulties in this and the first course with some loading of material, but if you're having trouble there is a solution to be found on the message boards. I haven't found the issues to be too troubling when I refer to the boards to work them out.The course instructor is very engaging and the delivery of material is excellent. Some have mentioned the material moves quickly. A tip I would offer is to not just watch the videos straight through and expect to get it. Transcripts are available to read through, or I've found pausing and replaying to take notes while I watch to be considerably helpful. The tests are finicky in that minor spelling errors will give you a wrong answer. Since testing yourself is one of the best ways to solidify material, I didn't find taking retakes for this reason too frustrating, it was just an opportunity to get the material better ingrained.
Each topic in the course has been very challenging, however, the encouragement received along the way is so motivating and appreciated.  Also, the real comments shared from various co-workers along the way are very encouraging as well.  Only once in my life have I worked for a great corporation.  I do have my degree but after leaving the large corporation I soon realized how much I valued working there!  Since then, I have worked for companies that expect you to have great learning agility but they never allow you to use it in an environment that will allow you to establish a career.  So, when I came across this training opportunity, I am working smart, hard and I am eager to hopefully obtain the certification and gain employment with a large established corporation where I am allowed and encouraged to grow into a stable career.Thank you,
This course like the first one I took is very well done. The way the Google has presented the course is amazing. The videos do a really good job of laying things out in a way that makes the learning fun. At no time do I feel that I cannot do something because they are always rooting for you to succeed in the videos. To be honest it is almost like a good book that I do not want to put down. I just want to keep going in the course to learn more. It is actually kind of sad it is over in a way. Getting started on my next course has me pretty excited after going through this one. Completing my Google IT support certificate will be something I am looking forward to with eager anticipation. Thank you for putting together such a wonderful course.
The teacher really cares about the content they're teaching (and it shows). The background teachers also did a great job.My favorite part of this section is that the quizzes have fill-in-the-blank (for almost the entirety). I've done pretty much every class/module and this is the only teacher that did that. While sometimes I disagreed with memorizing certain question/answer pairs (proprietary or trivia questions) and lamented the lack of multiple answers (LAN vs local area network + link-local unicast vs link-local unicasts), I still felt that I learned far more from it. I'm sure some students had tons of trouble from this section's tests but I still feel that some number (maybe not 100%) of open-ended questions should be included.
I have 15+ years experience in IT. Back when I started my career, I did not have access to online courses. I discovered this course and immediately enrolled. Although, I had a good understanding of most of the topics covered in the course prior to enrolment, the course served as a  good refresher. The quality of video lectures, well thought out quizzes and assignments delivered a good learning experience. I recommend this course for anyone starting their career in IT support. Even if you have some experience in IT, don't hesitate to enrol to learn the things you might have missed earlier in your career and prepare to take your career to the next level! This is an exemplar course. Thanks to Google and Coursera!
My schedule is extremely challenging in my personal life as a home care aid nurse to my aging parents. This course gives me the opportunity to make the first steps in pursuing a career path in IT before Coursera I would not be able to pursue. The flexibility of this program makes it possible because I find it difficult to commit to a rigid, more structured schedule of education classes. The content and fluidity of how the subject is presented and the instructors administering the topics does not discourage someone who has no experience, knowledge, or background in IT but may have a great foundation of skills like customer service, trouble shooting, problem solving, and a love of technology for an IT career.
I feel this is an excellent course for people who are serious about obtaining critical fundamentals for later work.  You can't know a thing until you understand where it comes from.  I never felt like the information influx was too much.  I did however feel challenged and I had to focus and study and read and reflect. I had to practice and consider the larger questions.  The pacing was good and the groundwork laid.  I know they could have hit us with more content. There is always more content.  But this was a solid beginning that lets me ask smarter questions and gives me critical vocabulary words to begin a search when I want to dig deeper.  Thanks guys, good job.
The course was too good and in conjunction with what you would expect of a practical course offered by google. Unlike academic course on Computer Networks offered by universities this course focused on the creating a deep understanding on the working of Internet so as to enable people to explain every aspect of its working. Rather than focusing on the implementation based protocols it focused on what is the foundations of the modern networking infrastructure and how it has evolved and is continuously evolving over time.Loved it!!And would recommend this course to anyone who want to acquire a strong foundation in "The bits and bytes of Computer Networking"
Big thanks to all the teachers who endlessly help me achieve such a great thing. I can now say without any doubt that I'm not novice in computer troubleshooting areas . I'm now getting deeper and deeper in my objectives which is to master all technical terms in computer technical support  and be able to resolve all problems for end users and kindly transmit what I've learnt with these unqualifiable teachers who slowly explains everything as if we were physically together in classroom.Big up to you guys!I'll for sure continue with the rest of six courses without any problem and can't wait to gain more skills with you.
Although I passed the last quiz, I was frustrated with the first question activity. I knew the two "rules" for shortening IPv6 addresses, but I could not revise any of the IP addresses on my computer. It just wouldn't work! I couldn't make it move. Maybe I misunderstood the directions, but I thought I could just revise or delete or highlight and delete numbers, then check my work. I tried everything: highlighting the correct zeros, making it bigger and smaller--nothing. Even though I was in Chrome. I feel I should've received a 100 percent since I got the answer about the rule correct on question 13.
Awesome learning and recapping on past knowledge ! The presenter with his with punchlines made the dense material bearable ! Kudos to this awesome presenter and his patience and diligence in delivering the material. Some hands on labs on certain areas where tools are used for better reinforce what is being learned. Just the lectures and quizzes may not suffice other then that awesome job to everyone involved in developing , preparing and presenting these information. On a small note some of the diagrams present could be provided as PDFs so as to serve as visual reminder of key concepts and takeaways.
I've always felt like networking was my weakest skill set. I understood the basics and could diagnose basic problems but I honestly lacked the fundamental knowledge needed to diagnose systemic problems that major companies or business users may face. This lack of fundamentals also hindered me in other fields like cyber security. I think this is a fantastic course and out of all of the Google Professional IT Certification courses I believe this one was the most valuable to me and will make a significant difference in my ability to troubleshoot and effectively resolve common issues.
I liked the course at it basic, all the small bits to the large ones, but there is place for improvement, how are we supposed to learn all the acronyms and remember every single one of them, I know we are supposed to, but sometimes it's confusing. The questions, there were a lot of confusing ones that didnt make sense to me, even at this last part I got two identical questions with the same result using the same answers but different words, need a fix for that. All and all I enjoyed listening to the Elections and getting most of it from the lector itself. Will recommend!
This is a very dense and comprehensive course covering essential foundational material in networks.  The presenter does an excellent job of explaining the material with enthusiasm.  This course has met all my expectations and I am looking forward to the next course in the series.  The key piece of advice I would give learners when taking The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking is to actively learn, making sure to take notes and practice explaining the more complicated material such as the 5-layer model in your own words.  This is a challenging course.
I learned that Networking isn't scary, way above my head, and
unlearnable.  I am A+ certified and have avoided Network+ like the plaque.
Maybe now I will try it. This is no small thing for me!This was a challenging and enjoyable
experience.  I learned a lot.  I gained more knowledge in Networking with this course than in my A+ certification.Victor did a good job
conveying the course material.  The videos were engaging. I would recommend this course to those who want to gain a solid foundation of Networking concepts.  So,
that's my experience!
this course was more difficult than the first course. Overall , I would say the only thing that could be improved would be to somehow let us know what are the most important subjects to learn to help preparing for the quizes . sometimes i dont know what specifically are the key topics. i could be wrong but it seems like sometimes the intro video doesnt always highlight what are the most important subjects to learn.  the course itself is becoming more challenging. hopefully this leads to that 30/hr job they said this will prepare you for .
I absolutely LOVED this course! It was interesting throughout, although I seemed to light up particularly in the troubleshooting section as well as where we're headed next in terms of cloud services and IPv6. I had to spend some extra time getting the practice of subnetting. I searched for other explanations with sample problems to ensure I really grasped it. The course was written well, and Victor delivered it masterfully. I am extremely appreciative of my newly gained knowledge, and am excited to build on it even further. Thanks!
I found this course vigorous  and stimulating, yet satisfying. Having had some educational experience in some of the subjects of this course, I found there was more to learn. I learned much more about IPv6 and dealing with shrinking the address down to a lower common denominator. It had me scratching my head for a little awhile. Still, I'm grateful for learning more after coming in than what I had before coming in. I'm looking forward to the upcoming courses so I can improve myself and become a better tech. Thank you so very much.
This course was very good in explaining to me all of the technicals and complicated intricasies that go into computer networking. Wow, I was just blown away by how complicated yet seamless computers talk to each other. From the 5 layer application model, to the differences between TCP and UDP, to WPA2 vs WEP, to Adhoc Networks, to Frequency Channels that Mobile devices operate on, it was incredible in closing a lot of information gaps I had. This course, although very tough in some parts, was very good! I highly recommend it.
Well designed course. I enjoyed watching the videos and the instructor inspired confidence and enjoyed "the blue skies and the clouds". If you are new to the field, all the terms (protocols, packets, datagrams, traceroute, nslookup and the like) will seem overwhelming but all pieces fall into place at some point. Just keep practicing and don't give up. Soon you will find yourself translating the terms when you see them in your daily life.....Now I know what that MAC address mean in my printer....Kudos Victor Escobedo.
I work in Tech Support and lots of things I heard before, but I was missing the understanding of the physical and transport layer stuff. I really liked this course, it was not hard for me, but still very useful. Taking a CompTIA certification is not necessary for me, so I saved a ton of money by taking this course, which covers only what I need. Also, I found out that no one on my team heard of the Test-NetConnection command for Powershell. I will coach them and we all will be working a little bit more efficiently.
So far, the difficulty has been upped by a notch and providing a challenge but it is rewarding in the sense that I am really challenging the knowledge I'm obtaining and making me want to comprehend it in the fullest. I am opening Pandora's box of knowledge and seeing where my cap off point is. I like the challenge and what it brings forth to the plate. But, I know there's more to be uncovered and more to know so it is very much rewarding and gratifying once I put all the pieces together and complete the puzzle.
This is a great course that is tailor made for students and professionals aspiring to ramp up on their networking skills. Networking skills require quite a different mental mapping to understand how your thinking must be to understand intricate concepts. The history, current trend and the future evolution too have found a place in this phenomenal course - thanks to the efforts put in by the creators. There are inspiration videos embedded in between to boost your morale. Don't miss to check this course out.
This course was well balanced in theoretical and practical aspects. This course definitely made my fundamentals strong in the networking field. It was difficult for me to understand some concepts like DNS resource record and DNS zones which I feel should be taken in more depth. The examples of the ping, traceroute, and other commands in the real world networking scenario would have been an absolute knowledge booster. Anyway, I am thankful to Coursera and Google for helping me to guide learn this.
I would like to specially thank the instructor Mr. Victor Escobedo, who is the best course instructor I have ever come across on Coursera! The eternal smile on his face, friendly tone and frequent Networking puns make the course all the more interesting and easy. All the other Google employees who made special appearances in this course also seemed so cool, that made me wonder what an amazing experience it would be to work with such people around everyday.Thanks a lot to , Google and Coursera!
The amount and way the information was presented was amazing! They made some very complicated concepts understandable for ordinary people to understand. Obviously, you won't be able to remember and digest everything in one go, which is why taking great notes is essential if you want to get your money and time worth. Simply watching this and nodding along without any prior knowledge to networking will be ineffective in understanding the material. Overall, would recommend to anyone.
This course was a bit more difficult than it's predecessor, but that was to be expected. Overall I found this course both amazingly informative but also interesting. Like the previous course the instructor took the time to explain things in simple laymen terms before using esoteric terms. The course did not feel rushed nor was the information so dense that it was overwhelming. I highly recommend this course to anyone who is a beginner but would like to know more about networking.
Informative, with links to great resources. An easy listen with pretty clear explanations of the materials. There were some moments in the quizzes where wording made it difficult to understand what was being asked, but otherwise very good! I would suggest adding some of those interactive quizzes as practices during lessons (the broadband one is a great example, it was rather difficult to do because I didn't get a visual demonstration during the lessons.Thank you very much!
4.2.2.1-4.2.2.6... having literally taken up the mystery challenge up the stack to demystify Level 3 (OS & You: Becoming the Power User) and another hop to Level 5 (IT Automation: It's Not That Scary (both completed, 100%), - it was time for untangling of TCP/IP "Layered Affair" encapsulation/de-encapsulation: Level 2 completed on Cinco de Mayo, 100%.Hats off to Google's fun+mental  team for "deep diving" into rock solid 6 weeks of The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking
I have learned many things in the college before. All the information i have got so far in this course is not new for me. But, it was amazing to have this course and i really enjoyed it. In the college i had to take all the fundamental credits along my interest one, which was annoying and some how i could not keep up with technology. No complain but found really what i was looking for long time ago. thank you google and coursera to make it possible for me and many others.
In my opinion, it is important to understand Computer Networking in general, and even if you are not an IT savvy. Also, when you look at the fact how billions of people around the globe are interconnected with  computers, smartphones and other devices you will realize why this is an important skill to have. Computer Networking will give you fundamental knowledge about the networks and you can apply it in your home or even in your office/corporate or virtual environment.
Went into this thinking it will be a extremely technical heavy course, which it did end up being. But they do it at a pace where you slowly start talking the technical jargon and feel like you are part of the learning process. I enjoyed this course very much, I actually currently work in technical support and this course definitely has helped me assist customers with their static ip issues and also helping my friend setup their minecraft server via ip passthrough.
Excellent informative course.   My only complaint is in the structure, not the material.  I wish they wouldn't so easily allow retakes so that you're more incentivized to really master the material.  That said, this course was fairly technical, but in a good way.  I truly feel like this course really teaches you all of the important things you need to understand about networking and gives clear explanations. The instructor is well spoken and easy to understand.
I couldn't give less than 5 stars.. Google offered a quality course that teaches the basics of networking and how the Internet works. It covers all the mains subjects related to network so one can start going deeper and investigating further.. Cheers guys keep up with the great work !Awesome course for who wants to start from the beginning without any knowledge and also for people who have taken different intro courses and want to consolidate their knowledge..
This is a vast improvement over the first course, and I really appreciated the scope and depth of information here. If I had one gripe, it's the sections in the later weeks that discuss command line network troubleshooting functions without letting us use them. I understand that the command line stuff is coming in the next course and would be difficult to work in here - maybe an in-browser applet that would reproduce the functionality on a fictitious network?
This course was slightly harder than the first one. I didn't understand at first why I was learning so much about data transmission until near the end of the course. Taking this course will really help you appreciate how complicated the protocols and established services are to building a network and making the internet work as a collaborative whole. This takes understanding networking to a way higher level, and is worth it for anyone pursuing a career in IT.
This course was very enlightening to me as a beginner! I have the basic knowledge now about the bits and bytes of nodes in a network. From designs, names, IP addressing to troubleshooting. Thank you very much for making the learning possible for a beginner as me.  Btw, IPv6 is not foreign to me now! lol, I know how to interpret that long number now. At the most basic level.   Ok, I have to go sign up for the next course now. Hope to finish this entire course!
This was a very intense course for me but with lots of practices and going over the course contents, I was able to complete it. The instructor, Victor Escobedo, was very clear in explaining the course contents and navigating through each module. The jokes made the course lighter to go through each module. I liked the many many examples that were provided and the visuals were great also.  I'm able to finally say that I'm comfortable with computer networking!
I have been in and around IT world since 1988 - in many roles: as a user superuser help desk call center manager public school teacher - I learned so many of the things I THOUGHT I already knew. But waht I knew was just a surface understanding - ping google to see if network is up. Now I actually have seen how and why ping works - which is crazy I have been pinging for years - but had never popped the hood to see the engine of how it works until now. Thanks
This was by far the best of all the courses; it actually took you through a full rundown of all the technologies in use (excepting in depth coverage of things like bgp), and actually had up to date quizzes that were in far better states than the rest of the courses. The person explaining technologies in the videos also managed to do so in a way that actually conveyed information in a learning fashion, not just information dumping like a lot of the others.
I am at home now because of the Covid-19, and this is a great opportunity for me to brush up my IT skills I forgot  few years ago.I have completed two courses in two weeks, and I am planning to finish the other three courses in next three weeks. If you are at home now with free time , this is a great opportunity to learn a new skills with this Networking course. I highly recommend. In the mean time I am studying for Comptia Network + exam. Thank You.
I loved this course. I thought it was so well laid out and the instructor was wonderful. I liked the way the instructor introduced concepts gradually and then kept building upon the knowledge I had gained before. Make no mistake, there is a huge uptick in difficulty from the previous course. If you are new(er) to this stuff, you will be poring over the material into the wee hours, just trying to understand. It's worth it though; keep trucking!
There is a LOT of technical information in this course, but it's fed to you in a sensible manner with pretty good explanations.  You can always rewatch videos, pause to take notes, and even Google additional explanations if you don't understand how it's explained in the videos.  This stuff is the basis of all networking and how networks work.  Take your time, take good notes and watch videos as many times as needed to understand the concepts.
Great course. I enjoy learning and the option to stop and take a break. Catch up and take notes. That is a really great option for note taking. highlighting the areas that are important then being able to print ... saves writing it down with my illegible handwriting. The instructors make me feel like its ok not to understand a concept at first. I can review the information and get additional readings to firmly grasp the concepts. Love it!
I learned a lot this course.  At first I wasnt understanding anything at all and it felt the instructor just rambled on.  But throughout the course , the instructor kept reminding that its a lot of info to grasp & to relax and follow through. He did a lot of repetitive teaching & reminders of what was responsible for what.  It really helped a lot and I could clearly and fully understand everything by the end. GREAT INSTRUCTOR 
This is in no way an easy course that one can float through, but one that requires absorbing the information and owning it.  Routing and subnets were challenging for me because of my lack in that space, but reviewing the videos and the supplemental readings helped me in getting over that obstacle.  Thank you for making sure that I become a will rounded IT Support.  Looking forward to Course 3.  Let's go!  Thank you Google and Coursera.
I found it to be a very challenging course, I'm not sure how much I will use the skills I've learnt here, but it never hurts to have them at your disposal. I feel extremely rewarded and proud to of finished this course. One last thing, the cloud graph diagram thing on the week 2 final quiz is ridiculously hard for new comers and experienced professionals. It should really be the week 6 final quiz because it deters a lot of people.
Much better than Network+ Not a bunch of memorization of a Comptia Objectives list but, actual practical knowledge. I appreciate this course so much. It also explained concepts of networking in a way I could understand. There were terms and other stuff I had studied before but, didn't actually understand until this course. Even though I thought I did and I was taught some of those things by an actual person! Go figure.  Thank you!
What a great course! This was challenging and engaging. I really learned a lot. I knew some of what occurred during networking. This course really opened up my eyes. I was able to learn all of the little things that go on behind the scenes during data transfer and how networks operate. From routers and switches to domains, WLAN, and more! A must-have course for those interested in learning all of the in's and out's of networking.
The part I praise the most about this course is the instructor. His energy and enthusiasm shows in his delivery of the content. The content is the second best part of this course and it was just right for someone like me who is very new to computer networking. There is a lot of content, which is expected as this field is vast and this course does a great job of condensing aspects of computer networking in a comprehensive way.
Great course! So much information on such a complicated subject. Never found this theme interesting, but the way it was all taught here changed my attitude. It was really exciting to explore all these details. I still have a feeling that I need to revise this material, but now I can confidently say that I understand in general what's going on there with bits and bytes in the network. The tutor is really appealing, thank you!
The journey was amazing. The topics are very useful, vey well categorized. Instructor was superb. But in "The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking" course was really hard and so deep theory included. I learned so many interesting topics. There are OSI Model, All layers deep info, Subnetting, deep knowledge of IPv4 & IPv6, DNS, Cloud Computing, Wireless Networking and so on. At the end of day that was awesome experience.
This is an excellent course for preparation on computer networking. This course has been very beneficial to me especially after obtaining my Network+ certification. The theoretical knowledge from my preparation for the exam helped me to have a much better understanding regarding the connections between the networking concepts and also covered some new material that I have not gone over during my preparation as well.
This course was definitely a step up from the previous course. I was a little worried as I went through Course 1 that the rest of the courses wouldn't go into enough technical detail, but I have been presently surprised. Overall, this course did an excellent job of conveying the information and reinforcing the topics through the use of quizzes and activities. I am really looking forward to the rest of the courses!
Coursera really does a great job of breaking things down for the student to understand.  The advantage of having a pre-recorded video instructor is that I can pause, rewind, and take my time watching the videos, so that I make sure to really soak in all the information.  It's been 20 years since I was last in school and I have been enjoying these courses and learning exactly how computers and networking all work.
This course has taken me from 1976 when I started working on networks within my missile system intranet to the establishment of our network of missile systems throughout Western Germany. I can relate what is going on now to how we started then and fully understand. As I progressed through the course, the instruction was literally a history lesson for me. I just didn't know what we were doing was called. Now I do.
Excellent course, I really learned a lot in this course.  I took a college course and didn't really get how it all worked together.  The way this course was designed, I was able to understand it and feel comfortable being able to use it which is the reason why I took this course in the first place.  I'm really glad I went ahead and took this course.  I'm so much better off and I'm looking forward to continuing.
It's a lot of technical work. Some of the concepts do require additional learning material to understand fully how they play into the networking atmosphere as a whole. However, there was plenty of additional information available on the internet and the concepts provided in the course itself are not so hard that just a simple review from an additional resource made everything come together in certain weeks.
This is a great Great Course to learn about the Internet Engine.  There is tremendous knowledge passed on about security both from a enterprise network as well as local host situation.  Deploying the best solutions for Internet security is of paramount importance because there are so many bad actors.  Educating one self is one of the best way to understand and assess the vulnerabilities of your systems.
This course was amazing learned so much that I require one day to digest all that before I move on to next. I really loved the quiz and interactive question. This implementation of the quiz was super interactive something like what college tries to do active learning program but fails even in offline mode. Thank you, Coursera for providing such an amazing course to me. You are really helping me grow.
The Course was absolutely great. I have learned so much about Networking, Troubleshooting the Network, Cloud Computing, DNS, IPv4 and IPv6 to name a few. I have done some work in computers but not to this extent and the course has educated me to another level. It's now up to me to go further and explore more if I want to advance my career in computing. I can't wait to see what's next in this program.
The main presenter was very good at presenting all the information in a quick manner that still allowed for learning. There are a few things I wish would have been changed but technically nothing that had to have changed to understand networkingI do wish they would have talked about the breaking apart of the telephone companies since they talked about them but that would be more fun then necessary
He was simply amazing, I meant the course instructor: Mr Victor. Definitely, one needs to go through the videos again for better appreciation, but we could still use a little more explanations on Traceroute, how Non-routable addresses can use a single public IP, Dns zones(sub domains), and subnetting. Also, I was hoping to learn cat6cabling (like construct it myself) in the physical layer lesson.
This might be one of the best and most comprehensive course on Introduction to Networking. The Instructor's teaching style and methodology is great. After completing this course I went for a CCNA course and this course served as a foundation to understanding those complex concepts.I would highly recommend this course to all the beginners looking for a path in IT and who don't know where to start.
I'm hoping this was the hardest part, The funny thing is I have never had to analyze a packet for troubleshooting, so this was extra hard, especially the write the path to another computer. I would think most people will quit here. Don't because you can make it in IT the most jobs I see available.These courses are a great starter for CompTIA Certs. I hope Coursera and CompTIA connect together.
This course was really challenging and as it's been repeated throughout this and the last course, you need to invest yourself. You need to go out of your way to research and make sure you're confident about the material. I had a hard time remembering a lot of the specifics for certain protocols or technologies but definitely seeing It here and throughout self-research was definitely worth it.
I really enjoyed this course of section. I can say it was right decision for me to go for Google IT support professional certification, reason the way they organised all aspects related to course material was fabulous and i enjoyed each section of course well. I hope everybody whether fresher or experienced will learn from this and utilize in real scenario to have better IT professional.
Though course is superb in a way It's covering all concepts in their entirety and well scheduled but I'd recommend it must be accompanied with hands on as If I have had worked in IT organisation to practice the concepts told herein and not forgetting them ever. Here, I'd like to recall that Google did every effort to make learner feel If he's experimenting concepts in real scenarios.
By far the most important course in the Google IT Support Professional Certificate. This course provides the fundamentals needed in order to understand Computer Networking. I learned how computers communicate with each other, the protocols that they use, layers of the infrastructure, the details of the Internet, and the future of networking. The curriculum was a rewarding challenge.
This course was so in-depth and so thorough that at first, it was very daunting! Working through it though, and understanding that Google and Coursera were only providing me this much information so I could be completely prepared for a new career at the end, made it easier to push through. I loved every single second of the challenges that came with learning a new skillset!
Just like the first course, this was one amazing experience. The course was challenging, well paced, well structured and well delivered. The instructors were knowledgeable, professional and motivating. This course really made me understand how everything is connected. Tons of information and many concepts to learn, but they sure made it an interesting and exciting journey.
This course is very intense, and will challenge every fiber of self! At times I wanted to quit, however the structure of the course encourages you to continue and not give up. There is so much to remember and plenty to learn I wonder how I will be able to make practical use. But I will keep going to achive the goal of completion. This program is excellent and challenging.
An excellent primer on computer networking, teaches the network stack, DNS, and DHCP--the core of what you'll need to know as an entry level tech worker. Coverage of the history of many of networking protocols used today and technologies previously used offer a conceptual and technical understanding of how computer networks allow computers to communicate with one another.
Loved the course! It was great to learn about the ins and outs of how computers communicate with one another. I loved learning all the technical terms because they are thrown around often, and in the web development content that I generally consume. Victor was an engaging instructor, the quizzes were good practice, and the explanations were almost always very clear.
It was challenging but rewarding to learn something new to me. all I can say to future students in this course is buckle down and actually study the reading material because it was a huge help. also if you can't grasp the way the info is presented look it up in google and read other articles and find one that communicates to you in a way you can grasp it. Good luck!
A great overview of computer networking. It provides a broad overview of all topics, setting the learner up for deep diving into topic(s) of their choice. The narrator speaks clearly and (in almost all cases) explains thing very well. I did find the need to listen to some videos multiple times in order to grasp the concepts. Overall, very happy with this experience.
I really loved this course. I am looking forward to work in google in my career. I want to thanks coursera for giving me this excellent opportunity to increase my skills. I would recommend others to take this course and get to know the crux of the networking. I would to like to thank google IT team for making this course simpler so that any one can understand Kudos.
All of the information on here was very well taught, especially for information that is thorough, dense, and tough. I was extremely satisfied with the way it was taught and the way it was laid out. It was all very easy to follow and honestly quite fun to learn. I was even able to apply a lot of it to my volunteer work! I look forward to everything that comes next!
Even with a varied and extensive background, this course will give you the tools that you need to build your IT networking foundational skills upon. I am happy to have some formal training to beef up the knowledge I have already obtained through the school of hard knocks. Looking forward to other coursework that Google and Coursera have created. Onward and upward!
This is the best networking class I have ever taken. The instructor is a fabulous guy and his style of teaching is world class. I knew very little about networking, IP addresses and all but now I have got decent knowledge in all those things. I would suggest this course to all those people out there who does not have any prior knowledge about computer networking
A very well presented course, with very difficult elements here and there. I had to research quite a bit in order to fully understand many of the concepts of networking. But that is OK - really. It sort of prepares me for real life, where things change all the time. So not only did I learn a lot about Networking, I also learned how to update myself on the issue.
It give me lot's of information and more understanding of computer network. yess... it is true that you have to understood a little bit of networking for this course. Since it it  will be difficult if you are absolutely new in networking. but after al they give us a chance to learn since it is a week long for a module to be learn..  Thank you for the course..
I learned so much about computer networking and realized how much work is going on in the background of establishing a connection with a network. I truly enjoyed learning all of this information and it was all very easy to learn, with a few challenges along the way--but education wouldn't be education if it wasn't challenging. Thank you for this opportunity.
Really Tough course to get through, but I can see how necessary it was in order to build a solid foundation of the protocols behind the processes of sending data from one computer to another located around the world.  If you like solving problems and logic, you'll really appreciate the genius behind how the entire TCP/IP 5 Layer Interconnection model works.
I enjoyed this course and I learnt a ton! Victor Escobedo was a wonderful teacher and it never got boring (IMHO). The first course in this series, Technical Support Fundamentals, was pretty basic, but this one is much more technical and interesting and you actually learn many concepts that can be applied to your job or even to troubleshoot issues at home.
Very well put together. Though for someone that has been doing this for some time this is pretty straight forward. However for anyone without any tech background the concepts my need to be abstracted down to more understandable concepts. This could also help other learn some new analogies that can be used to explain computing concepts to our customers.
One of the best courses ever , i learnt a ton in this course ranging from knowing nothing about networking to learning all the foundational basics and some deep knowledge on how networking works. I can guarantee this course gives all with it's content and it's assignments , you will learn a lot .I highly recommend this course to networking novices..
I learned so much about how the internet works. How important and complex the internet really is. There is so much that goes into one website being accessed. Through this amazing course, with combination of short videos, practice quizzes, and fantastic information I was able to gain an understanding of the Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking. :)
Certainly, the most comprehensive course for understanding computer networks. The explanation of concepts, the protocols and various technologies is adequate. Lots of things to learn in course. The course material is designed well to cover all concepts extensively. Above all, the way our instructor puts things to perspective is just unbelievable!
I absolutely loved this course till the last lecture. I tried out this course as i was curious and wanted to know more about how networking works and i never regretted taking this course for a moment. Escobedo Sir was simply amazing. You just need to listen very carefully to each every lecture and the quizzes will seem like a walk in the park !
Had an excellent time taking this course and learned lots about the world of networking that I had never encountered before. At first I was apprehensive about taking this course, I believed that networking was too complicated and I wouldn't enjoy it but now I am actually considering studying networking further because I found it so interesting.
I understood the concepts as I maintained a small network for four years knowing nothing and figuring it out via experimentation and googling problems with answers I rarely understood, but I learned.The alphabet soup I never learned. I still can't define more than a quarter of them and hope knowing the soup of acronyms will not hinder me......
This course is very technical, but it dives deep into the network layer, how it is  structured and how it functions at unison with all of its components. It was truly amazing. I now see computers and the Internet with a different perspective, with definitely much more respect to the people that make this happen. Totally recommend this course.
I wish slides were included or per video. Would have been much easier than reading transcripts. To pass the course I had to constantly refer back to the videos and to Wikipedia. Maybe this was the intension. If so, I guess I should up my rating from 4 to 5 cause it did create that skill in me to go out there and research this stuff on my own
When I started with my second module, The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking, I was a bit nervous as I wasn't able to follow. I had to take a little break and start it all over again. Yes, this way it helped me to understand the concepts, but still, I have to review all that I learned. The whole concept has been explained well. Thank you.
Be prepared to learn a lot and have your brain blown away by details of how networks operate. Absolutely vital information for any budding IT professional or IT enthusiast. The instructor is competent and has a great sense of humor too. The combination of quizzes and graded assessments will test you and help you retain important information.
When I started this course I just had a basic knowledge about Computer Networking, but after completing this course I feel like I know about Computer Networking now, obviously, there's a lot to learn about Networking, its a very vast field, but this course helped me build my foundations on Computer Networking.Thanks, Coursera and Google!:)
This course is jam packed with information! I LOVE learning abut all the ins and outs of networking, the protocols to make it happen and how to troubleshoot problems. VERY cool. The only problem is that there is so much that I don't feel I really understand. I am glad I took great notes that will help me while putting it all to practice.
Hats off Vincent  , You made this course  worth a short for anyone who is looking for a career in IT Tech Support. I really started enjoying learning sessions in here .   I will make mistakes while  trying to learn something new   but will overcome them with GOOGLE support platform. Thank you  Reliance For letting me attend this course.
This course is great, I have learned a lot about technical support techniques and what technologies or applications are used, and how they work. I really liked cloud computing, ipv6, ipv4, layer protocols, wifi technologies, domains, dns, proxy, security, in general I highly recommend it, interactive material and good teachers, thanks!
This is a really great course. I learned so many things from this particular course. Network Layer Model, TCP-IP, IPv6, VPN etc. are few of the most interesting topics covered here. The instructions were easy to follow and understand. Material covered here are really extensive. If you do this course you'll learn a lot about networking.
I really like how this course is organized, it provides tons of information and practice quizzes, yet divided them into each section so it is not overwhelming for beginners like me. I really appreciate the quality of the contents for each week, and I am glad to say that I have learned a lot about basic IT after completing this course.
Awesome course with some very technical stuff but definitely well worth it if you plan on starting a career in IT. It will require you to seek outside resources to for better understanding similar to a college course where you have to study or read for about an 30 minutes for every 5 minute session; at least that was my experience.
Huge amount of material for those who start from scratch. But all way through the course an instructor was explaining the material in a way that you understand the whole picture of networking. I probably have to look again through some material parts or study some additionally, but I would definenetely rate this course a 5 stars.
The course teaches a lot, and teaches it well. It's like taking a college course at a very good university. I will be taking the A+ core 1 and 2 later this year. This isn't a review class for A+ but it is like a great companion course of study - to really understand networking from all layers and in a variety of implementations.
Very DEEP course had some browser glitches and I had to retake several test over and over because some low scores cached in my browser (Chrome). When I finally figured this out it cost me several days. I finished the course in about 1 week (not 6 weeks), but it could have been less. I finished other NON-IT courses in 2-3 days.
Really LOVE how things are being covered. Though this is my first networking course that I have taken, it's really easy to grasp and the concepts with the analogies are perfect for beginners like me. I really enjoyed it. From now on, I will further my knowledge from this course and take it further into my career. Thank you. (:
Very exciting!!! This course is not very practical, it's mostly theory, but all these information is extremely important to understand what actually you are doing in a network and why. I'm grateful for having such good teacher, because most things were pretty technical, but Victor managed to keep it exciting, and interesting.
It was an amazing experience. I had an idea of how networks functioned but no idea that the transmission of a single 8 bit datagram was so complex to send. It is amazing that it happens in the blink of an eye, over and over again. I learned so much more beyond that but, that it was I found most interesting. I loved the class!
Great course, but what's even greater is the fact that I got it completed!  Super excited to get even closer to my certification and this course was actually pretty fun and very educational.  It really took a deep dive into the crazy and complex world of networking.  Very informative.  Google and Coursera got this one right!
Very good course which covered things like how it would be like working in a company/real world.Instructors are worth and i especially admire the additional reading materials they had shared during course.Very well structured and passionately crafted course, must have one for students opting SYS ADMIN/IT SUPPORT ROLES....
I learned a LOT from this course and it was very challenging. I was not challenged as much by the first course (to be expected) and was relieved to found out how challenging this certification is going to become. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn about networking. Looking forward to the next one!
I have some background in networking, this course is very well constructed and serve me great as a refesher of some of the building blocks of networking and even taught me some new things like the diferents command line tools to troubleshoot networks that i never heard about and will surely serve me in my future carrer.
Very informative course that truly helped me learn deeper skills in my field. While challenging and at times difficult it was absolutely worth it. I appreciate all of the individuals who participated in creating this course. I know it took a lot of time and you did a great job explaining it in an easy to understand way.
Since I graduated from ITT Technical Institute in 1988 I have been dealing with computers then after that I started troubleshooting networking learning along the way,  I then saw your course on the coursera wedsite and I'm  glad I  did because it is a VERY GOOD course and I'm  agoing to try to get the main certificate.
This was definitely a lot on the technical side, through weeks 2, 3, and 4. Gave me a lot of information that I never really knew about, outside of generalisations.  Once we got into weeks 5, and 6 it got back into the end-user side of networking and back on ground I think everyone has at least some experience with.
Phenomenal amount of information! If you take this course, and REVIEW the notes after each lesson, you will learn so much about networking, from its very finer details (dynamic host configuration) to the general concepts (network layers, Wi-Fi) that will really help you understand the way computer networking works.
This was a very informational course in the concepts of computer networking.  Having no background in networking, I found that there were challenging moments.  I feel that the course could be improved with the addition of some virtual instances to allow learners to attempt to solve a few troubleshooting scenarios.
I had a bit an issue with the week 2 test, when I had to fill in the blank it wasn't excepting my answers.  However when I retook it and clicked the bubble with the same answers i had previously entered it excepted it.  Other than that minor issue I absolutely loved this course and it wasn't as scary as I thought.
This did a good job. There were only two times in the whole course I had to run out to YouTube to clarify my understanding of the topic. This is a great course if you're interested in networking whether you're at the start of a career, looking for a change, or an old man trying to keep his job by staying current!
Amazing Instructor!!! It's so boring to listen to people who are monotonous but this was not the case with this guy. He made material super exciting to listen to. And when it comes to course content, you don't have to worry much as this and all google courses are mostly well thought and presented in the best way.
Wow! That's was amazing. Very well explained about hard topics and cleared all the concepts very nicely. The instructor explain in a very nice manner and it helps me to understand the core concepts of networking. Lots of respect and love from Pakistan. Thanks, Google and Coursera for providing the worthy course.
It was a really nice and difficult course. I did not have any further knowledge in networking but now I do. It was so complex and thought I could not make it. I am really happy I complete the course. I have so many things to be gratefull I have no words to express how am I feeling right now. Thank you very much.
Challenging but really great course! The instructor did some research in order to provide us with the best jokes out there, even though the topic could have made for a boring course. Instead, the instructor's approach made for an awesome overall experience and I managed to complete the course way faster! Thanks!
There is a lot to learn about Computer Networking and for sure this course was extremely challenging.  You have to really hang in there and review the material about the Networking layers and protocols to really grasp the material.  This course really detailed every aspect of Computer Networking in great detail.
The hardest class so far. Didn't enjoy it at all. The instructor, however, was a great presenter.I give it 5 stars because it is relevant information. Wish there was more real life discussion instead of the constant here's a term, definition, term, definition. Get ready to memorize a bunch of unfamiliar terms.
Great course..! Even if you're an entry-level IT person, you will be able to understand many new concepts regarding Computer Networking. If you have any kind of previous training or experience with Computer Networking, this course will help re-affirm many different concepts and/or understand them even better.
Wow it was really hard but I get a lof of knowlodge from this course, they will give you basics and after proficiencies study material. It was hard to get know this area and memorize it, but I did it. I think it will help me to get now more with network area, probably I will be able to do someting with it
This was a great course.  A lot of information was packed into this course but all very essential, well presented and very organized.  I really enjoyed and appreciated the enthusiasm from the main instructor, and was overjoyed when I finally completed the course.  I would definitely recommend this course.
Thanks for everything, it was a pleasure to finish this course satisfactorily.

The content seems to be a lot, but in the field of computer networks there are many topics that we should know and consider for the implementation and administration of information technologies.

Best regards

Gamaliel Vazquez
This course was tougher than I thought it was going to be, but still super informative. I was familiar with the majority of the concepts, but this class really dove into the details of why we use things, what they were created for, how they are beneficial, when we use them, and how to use them. LOVED it!
Itsa really tough course and I needed to go through the Five Layer Network model several times to get through the written portion but Im so glad I stuck with it. The material is challenging but it needs to be because this stuff isnt simple. Thanks to Coursera for regular emails reminding me to finish!
Awesome course, much more intensive than the 1st, but chalked full of useful information.Some of those quizzes are tricky. If you add or take away a space, misspell, or don't word it exactly as it's supposed to be. You might be at a standstill for 8 hours. Do your research and triple check your answers.
A very challenging course chock full of information!!! I found the discussions about IPv4 vs IPv6 particularly interesting. I would've liked the opportunity to use the virtual machines in real life scenarios to apply and learn more about using the networking troubleshooting skills that were introduced.
I really enjoyed the course and especially the troubleshooting section in week 6. The interview role play regarding networking was awesome. Adding further role-plays as a learning tool could have been valuable. Some practical assessments using quicklabs could have enhanced learning. Thank you Coursera!
Awesome course.  However you guys need to explain the rules of the compression of the iPv6 quiz.  Had to go to the discussion forums to figure it out but that's what made it challenging and more fun as well.  However, it still would have helped if you provided the rules written out in the first place.
This part of the course has been the most challenging for me throughout this course, I have a lot of previous knowledge on networking but i really never studied the network layers topology as thoroughly as this course did. My previous knowledge did help me grasp the curriculum a lot more efficiently.
Sir.Victor just nailed this course not only because of so informative according to me interactive keeps a head while learning Online courses this man does includes some fun facts in the middle of the  course and always keeps a smiling and a cheerful face.So I am so glad and happy to take this course.
An excellent presentation of networking basics. This course gives a broad overview of how networking works and the underpinnings of all modern communications, useful for understanding when troubleshooting, coding a new app, or just as a fun exercise doing binary addition or calculating a subnet mask.
While I doubt I would be able to get a job in network administration or repair at an advanced level at this time< I feel  this course  would give me an advantage over other beginners applying for an entry level network position. And pointed me in directions on how to improve my skills on my own.
This course was really impact-full and well packaged for me to develop myself.I thought i knew a lot on networking, with my networking fundamental knowledge! this course made me realize that i still have a lot and it gave me a sense of direction in understating computer networking.Thank Google
This course amazingly explains computer networking in general. Not too detailed but not too simple either. Visualization is excellent and the explanation is superb. For me, this course filled in the gaps for my theoretical understanding of computer networking. Highly recommended for beginners.
I really think this is an excellent course even for Professional who have been in field for decades. It will correct some assumptions you have an give you indepth greater understanding on the OSI model and its many layers upon layers you thought you knew. If you are starting out, even more so.
I learned alot and im very proud of myself for taking the  time do so I could not feel as comfortable as i do with out the lessons being covered and demonstrated in such a well mapped out curriculum for quick learning  I feel as i will be capable to be further trained to advance on any it job
Very interesting course. It takes work, but if you dedicate yourself to it, you will learn the most important networking concepts, such as DNS, IPv4/IPv6, addressing, encapsulation, and the 4/57 layer networking models, and you will have a much greater understanding of how the internet works.
A challenging, technical course that provides a base of knowledge for networking, network layers and protocols, routing, cloud computing, and network troubleshooting. This is how the internet works! Just about everything mentioned in the course is important information to know and understand.
Brilliant, brilliant course on the fundamentals of computer networking. The 5 model layer is wonderfully described, with just the right amount of details to get even somebody with little general knowledge off the ground. Congratulations to all contributors for this great educational material!
I learned a lot in this course and especially the instructor teach it at industry level which I didn't in my university course. I strongly recommend this course if you are a beginner/Intermediate /Pro Level, you must enrol in this course to explore the bits and bytes of networking. Cheers!
I learned a ton about the inner working of networking and more. I had to really go back and study those videos to keep the knowledge in my head. Now it's permanently in my head. I find myself thinking of IP datagarams, TCP protocols and more just passing by and seeing my router. Thanks. :)
It is an amazing course, you learn so much about how data is processed throug networks. I'm speechless, this course is going to move you forward to your goals of learning trystful material. If you enroll the course I wish you the best, and I can also tell you that you made a great choice.
I have forgotten 40% of it because it didn't showed much practicals knowledge it was like a lecture and we are hear in coursera to watch practicals to understand easily as this course contains lots of difficult word to memorize. So, please puts practical videos in this course to memorize
First few weeks are TOUGH! But, it gets easier or maybe you get the hang of it. Fascinating to learn how everything works and really recommend if the computers and the internet seem like magic - this course shows you that it's not but with everything that goes in it it may as well be ;D
Excellent introductory course.  There is a lot of technical information, but it's presented in an easily managed schedule.  As a beginner, I found the information presented fascinating.  I have been happy with the courses in this program so far and look forward to the following courses.
This is all new and exciting to me and I appreciate the fact that Google Coursera made this available and making it possible for me to be able to pursue this dream to learn more about computers and technology and have an opportunity to pursue a career in it an help other.  Thank you!!!
The first course was lights on.  This course was Dig Deep.  My head actually filled up with knowledge physically.  It was amazing.  My thought processes are on a totally different level now technically.  The instructors, videos, and interactive quizzes are spot on and not easy at all.
It really was a great experience partaking in this course. I have read up on the Five Layer and OSI model in the past, but this course made the concept become real and easy to imagine. Thanks a lot Victor, for your positive energy and enthusiasm, it was really helpful and encouraging.
Deep analysis of all the different aspects of Computer Networking. Complex technical details made easy through examples and quiz. A must for understanding what lies behind every single action we do today with our connected devices and learning how to troubleshoot the potential issues.
Once again, an awesome course that was very informative. The information was very deep and I will have to look over some of the information again for a "refresher". Overall the information and flow was again very easy to follow. I look forward to adding this program to my credentials!
I didn't realise just how much I learned until I noticed I was able to troubleshoot my own network connection issues. After I fixed the issue I realised that something that once looked like gibberish, was now actualy something I could read and understand enough to fix what was wrong.
Can't pack much more into the short videos... Bits and Bytes, what an adventure in information highway in the networking sense. On line material and presentation much different that ole school books. The main narrator - techie, does a great and enthusiastic job with tough material!
It was a very informative course and at times a bit exhausting but I'm glad I continued and learned a great deal. Thanks to Mr. Escobedo for his explanation and attention to details. Just one little thing I did not care for (honestly) the "jokes". Thanks again, on to the next one.
Excellent contents and fun learning combined to create this wonderful course. Prior to now, networking was always looking complex for me and I just shy away from it. At the end of this course I can now say I've learnt a whole about computer networks and my confidence has improved.
Hello, My Name is Shantanu and I am very happy to share my journeyBy this journey I learned Bits and Bytes from basic to advance and I specialy thanks to Alex for teaching such a great manner. So, for that I want to thanks Team Coursera and Team Google IT Support. Thanks for that.
I've taken part in the Comptia program "Test Out" which is supposed to be the top of the line computer teaching resource, but I know for a fact that 60% of what I was taught in this course wasn't mentioned at all in the before mentioned program. I am happy that I took this course.
I learned a lot of new stuff about how networks operate and which protocols they use to transfer every bit of data to the user from a server. All the material looped back to previous lessons making it easier to relate it and understand the concept of how it works and what it does.
I've worked on week 1 only but so far so good... I've been able to actually learn some other stuff I didn't know.  I mean, the way the course and the practices are being explained one after the other have been explained clearly enough for me to understand and remember the course.
The course was amazing, My friends warned me that the networking being very hard to understand but in this course, I've understood all the difficult terms and ideas while it doesn't matter how many times I replayed the videos :-)Thanks for Kiron.ngo, Coursera and 216.58.211.110 .
This course was really helpful to understanding how devices communicate through networks. I found it challenging at times but all the tools were there to develop a better understanding. I feel confident that I understand all the important and fundamental components of networking.
This was my first real exposure to the fundaments of IPv6 and it was good! I viewed the expanse of this relatively obscure addressing scheme with intrepidation. After completing this course, my fears and intrepedations were reduce. I now know enough to be dangerous and effective.
I enjoyed it.  I do wish there was a little more "hands on" like getting into a network routers settings or even a troubleshooting a network through quicklabs.  other than that the course was great, i learned a lot, and i came away wanting to dig deeper into the topics discussed.
I am really exhited to accomplish the second step of the Google IT Support Proffesional Certificate. Networking is just a different world and to have the ability to understand how it works is just something else. Look forward to put all my new knowledge in practice! Kind regards!
i love and "hate" this teacher, absolutely everything is explained in a very concise but also easy to understand manner without skipping any important details, but i hate the puns, i swear i would cover my face with both hands every time, it hurts!!! (you're great, never change!)
All I have to say that it is not a cakewalk you must love what your doing read and paid attention to details.Lots of terms to learn but it will come with the territory,  I am a retired chef all I know it's about food but I founded interesting and with determination can be done.
A great way to begin with learning about the computer networks, this course will definitely help you come out of the network jargon and assist if you want to further deep dive in the future.The content delivered in a super simple way for the audience to connect with it.Thanks!
The trainer is amazing, his explanations are perfect. Course contents are perfectly balanced, whether you're a pro or a novice this will help in all ways. I have learnt a very well practical knowledge on many petty looking paragraphs from forouzan. I m glad i took this course
This course has been excellent! I enjoyed every bit of information and the delivery was superb! This course really gets your feet wet and gives you a good grasp of just what it takes just to link your machine to a network, and from there to the internet. It is a great course!
A lot of Things I have learned about networking. From the basics to a bit more advanced level of information and the way the lecture contents have been delivered are just simply amazing.Very friendly instructor and made the course looks and feels really easy and informative.
There is much basic information I took in and was not aware of.  Still grasping the datagram and how it works between the client and server along with all the tools that go with working as an administrator or IT specialist.  I have learned so much and excited to learn more.
This course is very useful in terms of getting familiar with networking and how computers communicate. The information is well structured and easy to comprehend, the lector explains everything really well. One could learn a lot by taking this course. I strongly recommend !
I learned a lot through this course. There was a lot of technical information that is extremely helpful in the IT field. They presented it in a very easy to follow manner, but some studying was required on my part to review the information before passing the tests/quizzes.
Really well presented and everything taken step-by-step to build up an understanding of the technologies involved. My first time diving into this area and has really wet my appetite. Happy to recommend for those trying to get a better understanding of computer networking.
It was a very informative and nicely paced course.The occasional jokes made by the instructor were extremely bad and cringy :) but they were one of the things which kept me focussed throughout the course.the big amount of graded and ungraded assignments were very helpful.
Learned lot that I didn't know. Course was presented effortlessly. It encourages to study, research, learn independently as it doesn't cover everything. I hope my brain is absorbent enough with 4 kids & full time demanding job to memorize, practice and grow. Pray for me!
Very informative and very helpful and I wish to learn more from the respected teachers and my fellow learners too,  I want and have urged to learn more in the upcoming lessons, keeping in mind not to offend anyone in this process of learning. Have a nice day & stay safe.
This was a very helpful course! I thought I used to have a relatively good understanding about networking but my after completing this I realize my knowledge was very basic before! Thank you for covering networking in depth, to the point, and keeping it interesting!!! <3
Technical and challenging but I never felt more confident in the knowledge I've gained from it all. I recommend to supplement this course with your own research, you will not only gain a deeper understanding, you'll also feel like a pro by the time you finish the course.
Very technical and semi-difficult concepts to grasp. I feel like this is very intense for a 2nd Course within the 6 Course program, but this is still a good course to go through and make sure you get a great understanding of networks and the Internet, among other things.
Very in depth but had to use other resources to really hone the knowledge required to understand exactly what was being talked about but pointed me in the right direction and spent a lot of time understanding this and at the end, I did learn and gain a lot of knowledge.
Very useful course. everything explained very well. for students more reading is need. But some concepts are not very clear. so provide some notes on basic concepts for those are not computer science background. i am really interested to continue this course next level.
Kudos to Victor, he did a very great job in teaching this very technical course, he was very articulate, interactive and engaging. The course lay out was very easy to follow. I had no background in IT and I learned so much about and passed Computer Networking. Wohoo!!!
This is a really awesome course, it definitely is a lot more in depth than I originally thought it would be. Being more in depth made it somewhat more difficult as I thought I knew a lot more than I actually did. Very interesting and I definitely recommend this course.
I learn overall about the Internet working, even though I remember. I will relearn this lesson as long as I get through all of the lesson, because i want to have a overview about this lesson first and everything good thing will be learn for a few times to remember it.
Loved the coarse vary informative lots of info to download but I look forward to getting to the next coarse and learning even more I really enjoy learning from people who are like me and this coarse seems to have plenty of geeky interesting people showing us the way.
This was a really intensive six weeks but the course presenters helped break it all down and help me learn what was required.  I do not have a strong networking background but I have found that I'm more interested in this aspect of the field than I had once believed.
Awesome course. The supplemental readings are you friend as this course takes you head first into A LOT of information. It will weed out those who aren't committed to the specialization. I learned a ton in this course and can't wait to continue. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Very detailed and covered so much that I had learned from 20+ years of being a self learner of computer science, networking, and web development. Structured in an orderly fashion and with videos that are not too lengthy to stay focused on the materiel being taught.
this course has expanded my knowledge and understanding of computer networking from the perspective of an IT Support Specialist and has provided me with applicable skills to become a more effective and marketable technician. thank you google and thank you coursera!
A lot of in depth info on networking. I have a much better understanding of the building blocks of networking as well as a better grasp on how all the parts work together. Victor is great. His personality throughout the course videos really helped keep me engaged.
Honestly, this course was very difficult for me because I had to learn many concepts and abbreviations, however the use of the internet, communication networks and the cloud are important aspects to take into consideration if we want a job related to this field.
I had no idea how in depth it would be! The course discusses really deep material but in a clear and simple way for a beginner to understand. I'm really grateful for that. The teachers are all really nice to listen to as well, which makes it all the more easier.
Great presentations and very detailed concepts presented in a straightforward and uncomplicated way.  Presenters were clearly enthusiastic about IT and IT concepts and made it fun and make you feel like it is a possible career route for people switching careers.
Very good overview of networks. One thing I was expecting to understand slightly better would have been on how to setup a smart network. What should have been chosen for what purposes. How do multiple access points with the same name work. Else perfect training.
This Course is Awesome. even if it was quite tough to understand I got all fundamental knowledge behind how network works, how distant computer can communicate with each other, how a connection is established with key knowledge of the technology involved in it.
Being on the role of an IT Support/ Software staff for more than 6years in my current employment, handling most internet connection issues and yet this has brought more light to my world of IT.Lots of new stuff from here is ready to roll into my daily operation
This was great content. There were some irritating issues with assignments. I just spent the last two day redoing the work i did weeks ago. I hope the current submissions stick this time. I took screenshots of everything as I went along as proof of completion.
The course is very good. The teacher/guide was very informative and a very fun guy to actually learn things from. I deeply admire the work and dedication the team had put up to design and develop the course. Extremely helpful. Hats off to the guys who made it.
Such a wonderful networking course, good enough to strengthen up your fundamentals... Now I have reasonable confidence to take up future related networking certifications, so that I can broaden up my skills, and hopefully join the IT industry anytime soon....
This is by far the hardest part of computing for me and I have taken multiple classes on networking and read countless articles and chapters on the subject, but this class helped visualize it better than I have been able to do with other classes or on my own.
The course is really good but some of the chapters are really hard to understand since there isn't much presentation. I personally feel that if the course like this would have more diagrams and a bit more of presentation it would be much easier to understand.
The bits and bytes of Networking has broaden my knowledge and understanding of networking and how devices communicate along the five layers of the network. I called it the PDNTA which stands for Physical, Data-link, Network,Transport and Application layers.
The bits and bytes of computer networking course is well condensed and gives a ton of hard revealing knowledge on computer networks. It is well presented in a fashion that is "approachable" by anyone. I have learned a great deal of knowledge. Thanks Google!
Very interesting! It was as usual very complete everything was explained very clearly. As a non-English speaker, I appreciate the subtitles and the script under each video. I hope that the next course will be as interesting as this one! Thank you Google :)
The course was awesome. It covered from all basics we ever need to topics where we can troubleshoot ourselves. I'm very fulfilled with what I have learned. And thanks to google, for providing this opportunity and also for making me involved in networking.
It is an excellent course, enhanced my knowledge in the field of networking, especially quiz is too good and very innovative, instructor is too good. I thank whole heartedly instructor and coursera  for giving me this great opportunity during covid - 19.
Important and Interesting course, A lot of many information I got it,I will take this course another one because it has important information that I will meet in my practical life.
in conclusion i need to thank Victor for the Way to explain this course.
This course taught me a lot about how information is transported through a network and the different components of one of the two network models. It was challenging at times but gave me a great overview of how networks and computers work and function.
This course was more intricate than the first, but I was happy to kick my brain into next gear. I have a solid understanding of the many different moving parts of networking. I look forward to implementing my newfound knowledge in my future IT career.
Great course! I learnt the working of internet in great depth. Even after studying a computer science in my university in India, I learnt a lot of practical aspects of networking which always troubled me while figuring out how it all worked together.
A lot of technical information, but very interesting! I am amazed how much goes on in the background when I visit webpages, watch movies on Netflix, and stream my favorite YouTube Videos. This course taught me how it all works and it was fascinating!
Loads of information essential for IT support specialist. The course is well-designed and easy to follow. The illustrations make it easier to understand abstract concepts. Instructors are also doing a great job with the explanation and encouragement.
This course truly helps you understand the basics of networking and lays the groundwork/peaks curiosity for deeper exploration. I really enjoyed learning about the different networking layers and how they all come together to make the internet work.
Victor was a great instructor, i loved all his jokes!  This course will teach the basics and fundamentals of networking.  Do not assume this is simply learning about how to set up WIFI though.  Take your time and review concepts that seem dificult.
After finishing this course, I can confidently say I have all the fundamental ideas about how computer networks it's amazing to think how far computer networking came from where it initially started. Very very well explained and awesome experience.
The course was super amazing to revise the basics of networking and also learn the networking techs in industry. The instructor makes sure, that you never loose the interest in the matter even though some of the lessons were just theory. Keep it up
It was a really good corse, and all of the subjects were well explained. Maybe, the only thing i would improve is to add some glossary at the end of each chapter, since there are way way too many acronyms to remember, and it so it could be helpful.
This course covers the technical details and the core functioning of computer networking, and its protocols. It touches history, various standards, and the infrastructure that maintains all those things. It is very informational and amazing course.
I learned a lot about the basic bits of computer networking through this course. The course was up to date with the latest technological information. I highly recommend to anyone who is curious how it works underneath the modern computer networks.
Having completed CompTIA Network+ also, this isn't a replacement but this rounds out the knowledge from that certification nicely, a great complement I will be recommending for any struggling in N+ studies or just those wanting to know a bit more.
Wow, it's an amazing class. This course gives a lot of info, and also many leads on what to research further. I plan on setting up a great home network, and learning as much as I can about a future in networking. Thank you for this amazing course!
A lot of information but good information. The 8+ minute videos got a little long. Maybe it would be better if it were cut down into smaller segments. What I found of interest was the information on IPv6 because that is the future of the internet.
With this certificate, I re viewed all the courses I took in my Bachelor's degree at the university. It was difficult, but is so interesting to learn about network. I feel great and I will continue studying these kind of info. I liked it so much.
Very Practical Teaching , For Those who had rarely got Such Practical Education Like me. Complex concepts had been broken in such way that any new comer to this course could Learn it easilyThanks a lot Google Team for this wonderful course....!!!
Excellent video instruction and interactive media. I am really enjoying this course and overcoming the challenges it presents along the way. Thank you for putting this course together and providing the opportunity to get ready for a career in IT.
Overall, the course is very thorough and the videos make it a bit easier to understand. There are many difficult challenges to overcome, however, rewatching the content a few times will help retain and understand the information that is taught.
This course is one of the fantastic course that I ever participated via online mode. I admit that, this course is many times better in terms of content, practical approach and hands on training with other competitive online training  platforms.
I love how comprehensive this course was. I was very interested in materials I thought I won't be able to understand. Enjoyed every bit of this learning experiences, especially the personal touches of various people involved and Victor's puns.
THIS IS AN EXTRAORDINARY COURSE. I HAVE LEARNED LOTS AND LOTS OF INFORMATION RELATED TO BITS AND BYTES OF SYSTEM. I HAVE ALSO ENJOYED A LOT. THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THE INSTRUCTORS AND ALSO COURSERA TEAM FOR PROVIDING SUCH A WONDERFUL COURSE.
It was a phenomenal introductory course. It's not something that'll make you a networking guru, but as I said...its an introductory course. You'll get ample understanding about the underlying internet infrastructure that us humans have built.
I really enjoyed this course it has brought a lot in my professional life and especially in the field that I am improving that is the informative. I say a big thank you to the instructor and for these very valuable explanations. Thank you...
It is a very complete course to start and understand concepts of network devices and network services, with an excellent presentation of each topic. It has given me a better perspective on the fields in IT, related to networks and security
Overall it was okay just a bit challenging. You will need time, lots of attention and patience to go through this course if you're just a beginner. You might have to watch some of the videos over and over again to really grasp some staffs.
Great course to invest your time into and learn something interesting. Some concepts are tricky at first but when you revisit it ones or twice you get it all. Had a great time learning and experiencing it all. Thank you Coursera and Google
Not overly in-depth on all subject matter concerning Networking, it gives a solid fundamental understanding of the concepts and operations. Prior to this course, I did not understand the depth of knowledge needed for Networking operations.
I am so happy with this training, when I am at the office or at home I imaging how the bits and bytes goes around the traffic in the router hahahaha, yes a more clear picture is taking place.Great teachers and very concise topics. thanks.
The material is very easy for someone new to technology to understand. I was motivated throughout the course to continue learning and even played around a bit with my command line to test out some of the tools and concepts - great course!
It was pretty interesting to learn the in's and out's of computer networking. Some of the information I was familiar with but not with a lot of it. I know that the information provided will be very valuable to me in my future endeavors.
Very helpful! In our workplace, we assist customers with their domain forwarding, and this shed light on how DNS works, and of course, learning about networking as a whole gives a different perspective on how amazing the Internet works.
I liked the
network configurations and how they work. It was extremely interesting. I
really enjoyed this course. I have never known so much things like that about
networking. And I am pleased to continue courses in this specialization.
Was a very interesting course and learned a lot about networks. Just happy I was able to get through the info. Got a little stuck at IPv6 compressions and learning subnets and subnet masks, but was excited when i got through everything.
the course has much more information than i expected. the instructor explains every concept and definition in clear and straightforward words. if the concept is not cleared in 1st attempt then it will definitely clears in 2nd atttempt.
very good course..i just learnt a lot about networking and internet..it was one of my childhood dreams to get to know about this stuff..and yeah it finally came true..atleast to some extent..kudos to the coursera team and google team!!
This is the best course I have ever taken, these professionals are super they have full command on their field. I will recommend this course to my friends and family members. Now, I can say that seriously I have learned something new.
I enjoy the lectures. The professor has a good speaking and teaching style which keeps me interested. Lots of concrete math examples which make it easier to understand. Very good slides which are well formulated and easy to understand
It is really helpful the use a lot of animation to explain the more complex concepts. The instructor is just amazing! The content is clear, precise, and updated. I only missed a little bit more info about VPN and IPv6 related issues.
The only thing I am having issues with in this course is the Static IP and Routing. I need help and I do not see on here where I can get some assistance. I went back and watched the vide at least 3 times and I am not just getting it.
Listen, if you take the topics based on the weeks and then Google Search them outside of this course, you'll expand on the knowledge a bit further. The quizzes will be easier if your supplement some Youtube videos in your down time.
Vary informative, up-to-date information. The instructors were highly knowledgeable, friendly, and seemed to be experts on the subject matter. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in IT or networking in general.
Great course. Thank you Coursera! This course is FULL of information make sure to bring your full attention for this one it is NOT a cake walk by any means. Great course though ton of information and lots of concepts are explained.
This course has been really encouraging and made me really want to get out there and launch my career! Instead of hoping for something wonderful to happen I get the satisfaction of knowing I'm crafting my success each and everyday.
The best Certificate ever, I would love if google can also provide an option to send a frame certificate by finishing the 5 modules, kind of like a Certificate kit for this course it would be AWESOME AND GREAT AND JUST SO SO GOOD.
This course was very deep, but required focus and priority attention. I learned a lot and also had ah ha moments for terms and issues that I've previously run across. I highly recommend this course. Looking forward to what's next.
The week's 5 Graded Assessment, for this course should definitely be reviewed or changed, it was the most difficult assessment I've come across since doing this overall course. Other than that this course was definitely worth it.
The course was very beautifully designed and very interesting. Especially the assignments were too good which made to understand the concepts better. The tutor taught very well and I did not feel like stopping at any time at all.
I admit to being skeptical at first that I could learn as much as I am learning - but I'm a believer. This isn't a fluffy course, and the instructor is knowledgeable, clear, and even entertaining. Very well planned and executed.
This course was very well done. I especially liked the walk through descriptions of the TCP protocol stack and the make up of packets and frames. I like the exams that use the labs. I'm a hands on learner and they helped a lot.
This taught me a lot. You are similar to CBT nuggets, but I prefer these courses for the quizzes. This was extremely informative and similar to a CBT nuggets course I took. It was also much more difficult than the first course.
I enjoyed and learned a lot in this course. The instructor and the format used to deliver the information made perfect sense for me and made me feel encouraged to continue from start to finish. Many thanks to the Coursera team!
I really enjoyed this course. There is allot of great information given that helps to understand more of what was taught in course one. I feel that I took allot of info away from this. Thanks Google for the awesome instructors!
This course is fully loaded with enough knowledge that can help you solve literally all types of networking problems. The course moderator is a great one. Thank you, Google for the great input that you employed for this course
This course definitely makes you think about the how extroardinary the networking world is. Have you ever wondered the behind-scene process of sending text messages to our friends? Well, this course is the one you should take.
One of the most difficult courses I have faced here. I learned a lot some stuck and some didn't, but this is one course that I definitely have to go back and watch a few lessons because it was that difficult. Best of luck all!
One suggestion to improve upon the abstraction of learning about the ethernet frames & ip datagrams would be to show a specific example of how these protocols would physically look like while troubleshooting out in the field.
Really ,i m super excited and feel good of through it.The course and the other supportive guidelines helped me better understand of concepts and underlying stuff.Thanks to the Victor (Of Course), the Google and the Coursera .
Very informational, make sure to take notes. I am usually not a note taker but I used them to refer back to during tests. Make sure to do the supplemental readings. The tests ask questions based on them more than the videos.
This course is a very good one to reach some entry-level about Networking and how the computer communicates between small or big networks and how some network devices interact and communicate with each other similar devices.
Overall this program is an excellent source of information that has helped me better understand the IT world and concepts that have never been clearly described to me before. It's already helping me perform better at my job.
Very excellent way to learn about the fundamentals of networks and they data is passed along. Just wish there were examples of what problems may arise from corrupted packets or how to detect and diagnose the network traffic.
It is wonderful, this course drives you in the fantastic world of computing. You can understand and discover a lot of new things about computers and the Internet, even if you are familiar with some of this stuff. Thank you!
This course need full attention if you really want to be network engineer then go ahead also its good for people who wants learn how computer talk with each other. In this course you will learn a lot of things from Googlers
Best course to learn basics of computer networking technology and devices .It laid a foundation for techies to explore computer networking and technologies. I completely enjoyed in taking some Bits and Bytes of this course.
The content in this course was terrific in detailing the information with regards to how data sent across networks. I would have liked a bit more trouble shooting course work or assignments to really test our new knowledge.
Lots of interesting information to learn about networks. From physical communication of bits to explaining how the Cloud works all of these courses are very informative and help greatly in understanding computer networking!
This is an amazing course.  I am in the Google Certifcate program, and while Networking has not been my strongest, or favorite portion.  I am excited that I now have a little more knowledge about the "magic" of my network.
This was really dense material, but the instructor unpacked and explained it with skill and patience.  I feel like I got more out of this course than I expected to.  Very practical and very cool stuff.  Thanks google team!
Really well designed course that moves quite intuitively from the most basic physical  devices needed to establish an internet connections, all the way through the complexities of the full networking model and its layers.
There was a TON of information. I found listening to the lectures a few times definitely helped the concepts stick. Also the project of explaining the 5 layer network REALLY solidified what I had learned in that section.
This is very very amazing course .The instructor having good knowledge of the subject. The journey of this course is also amazing. I recommend this course to all enthusiastic student  who want to learn from very basics.
The instructor for this course is THE BEST. This course is packed with to-the-point explanations and it couldn't get any easier than this. I would very much like to enroll in the future courses with the same instructor.
The content of this course is awesome! It has everything a beginner has to know about networking. The instructor was too good in explaining them in simple terms. Have learnt a lot by the end of this course. Thank you!!
The Course was amazing. But I would like to say, we need more practice in the course. Actually I have been waiting that we should a TCP protocol configuration e.g. manually entered IP addresses or DNS server addresses.
Very well rounded and detailed course with up to date concepts and bits of history. Quizzes and projects do a good job of testing information retention, and is overall a very well laid out and important course. Thanks!
Very informational about the inner workings of Networking, there was stuff that I knew how to do but did not understand why they worked or how it happened in the back end. Now I know thanks to this course. Recommended.
Very informative, I felt like some information on the quizzes or tests was not in the lessons or were not covered enough, I had to go outside the course to obtain more in depth information, which I guess is the point.
Found this a challenging course but the instructor did a good job explaining all of the many aspects of networking. Feel like I definitely need some "hands-on" experience to really make sure I understand the material.
I am really thankful to Mr Victor. You made this course and many things that I didn't understand in my school time I understand now, above that we go to some detail which is a really amazing experience. Thanks a lot.
Good basics in networking! I knew a little bit about networking before I started this course from doing a little bit in high school but learned a lot more in this course.  Very interesting information for the IT age.
Not easy to complete though well worth the effort to do so. Remember to start a very good notebook of questions you have so you can answer them yourself. Pay attention to what is being taught, this is not easy stuff.
This was really an awesome course by google...i was really looking forward to complete this course and now as I've made it ...I'm feeling good...thanks to Google and coursera foe bringing out this informative course
This section of the IT Support Professional Certificate offered by Google/Coursera is quite technical, but WOW! Do I feel like I've come such a long way, and everything was explained as simple to follow as possible!
Man this course was so packed with IT course work I think I was a little burnt out. My computer failed but when I recently got it fixed I was able to pick right up where I left off. Networking is pretty interesting.
In depth knowledge, easy yet challenging, everything you need. This course just like part 1 was great. Very informative not to much info. I never felt overloaded and dead lines were manageable even working fulltime.
Definitely one of the best MOOC's I have undertaken so far. The only problem I faced was there were times I really wished that the instructor provided a more detailed explanation of the topic. (example  sub netting)
Excellent course. Bunch of concepts but it was enough for an introductory course on computing networking. Basic concepts were introduced in an effective way and some exercises were good to understand those as well.
No words , this course is a game changer . It teaches you to marvel at beauty of the networks as they are part of our life . And also teaches us along the way how you can be a part of this marvel mankind has made .
This course was rough! But only because my understanding of how computer networks work and the 5 layer model were limited. Great instruction and with enough time I was able to understand all of the concepts taught.
This course was a slog. A lot of memorization and note-taking. That being said, I feel like I have a much better understanding of the "under the hood" processes of networking that other resources have glossed over.
Well thought out course. Great checks and balances in place that ensure user is learning the required course material. I hope that google creates more/similar credentials so that I can continue to Grow with Google.
Amazing! The instructor is a lovely teacher and the material to study is very good. The exercise was difficult and challenger but I can say that I learned a lot and become more confident in my work. Thank you guys!
Networking is a lot more than just connecting to a wireless signal. This course you will dig into all the aspects of networking. Pay close attention to the sub netting and IP. And try to wrap your head around IPv6.
I loved this great course. It is great for beginners and for people that may have forgotten a thing or two. The way it was taught makes it so much better than reading man pages or something else as dry and boring.
Really enjoyed learning about Networking. This particular course was highly beneficial for me to learn more and in detail about Networking.Thanks Google and its team for providing this course for free to everyone.
Absolutely amazing, in-depth look at networking fundamentals. This course really helped give me some networking information and skills that I will need for the future. Overall, really interesting and very helpful.
THIS COURSE IS VERY NICE.AND VERY HELP TO MEJUST BECAUSE I AM DOING BCA SO IT'S VERY HELPFUL TO ME.I WOULD LIKE TO THANKS TO COURSERA FOUNDER, CEO, AND ALSO THE TEAM MANAGEMENT.AND ALSO THE TEACHER'S WHO TEACH US.
The Course was great, Victor Escobedo was special, even in the dull moments he made the course come alive. You might feel you don't understand, just go back, he explains everything in great detail. Thanks Google.
Fantastic experience.  I needed a quick intro to networking and after several unsuccessful attempts I found your course.  I loved it!  It concisely presented the relevant information in a very structure's manner.
Had a lot of content and although not difficult it was a lot to absorb for one course.  Over all the course was great, but it would've be nice to see different instructors instead of the same person all the time.
Very well structured course. All the topics have been arranged in a way that makes it easy to understand how the technologies work with one another.The instructor also made it fun to stick around for the course.
This Course has a steep learning curve, be prepared to learn and expand on the 5 layers of network, protocols and Technologies used by computers to communicate. Definitely a refreshing experience, two thumbs up!
I absolutely loved this course.  It inspired me to want to dive deeper into networking.  It has opened my eyes and mind to many opportunities I never thought possible without a traditional 4-year college degree.
I have no prior experience with computers other than the basics like using microsoft office and a few apps, these courses really helped someone like me learning from aout Information Technology from square one.
So much information is packed into this course it absolutely blows my mind. Seriously, I feel like I just got out of some semester-long Networking basics course. Also, I think my brain needs a brief rest now...
This was an awesome intro to beginner course in networking that is way easier to digest than some of the vendor programs about networking. CISCO could take a page from you guys on how to present their material.
I learned so much during this course that I thought I already knew!! Thanks to everyone that contributed in the teachings of this course!! You did a great job and I was able to understand and complete the task!
Excellent content!Everything is explained in easy to understand terms and uses real world examples!Thank you to Coursera, Google and most of all the instructors that worked so hard to present this great course!
This was a great review for my upcoming Network + exam.  The testing is not rigorous enough to make this course of any significant value but it is basically free so it is a great study tool and worth the time.
In my High School and College, I am can't understand computer networking and how it works but I complete the course and I understand deeply about computer networking and its Future.Thanks, GOOGLE and COURSERA
Tons of information about the tools you've used before but never really realized just how interconnected everything is/was. I really appreciated the opportunity to learn more about the various bits and bytes!
Some of the questions seem a little irrelevant and It would be nice to have some more diagrams in to videos. I learn much better visually and find it hard to understand this complex topic just buy listening.
I Enjoyed learning networking this course provides you all the fundamental knowledge about Networking and makes your fundamental strong. It's highly recommended this course if are new to networking world :)
I learned so much in this unit Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking. I also enjoyed team members sharing their career paths, passion, and encouragement as well as examples of approaches to troubleshooting.
This was a hard lesson for me because I am a hands on type learner, and trying to put all this together in my head was hard, but I was able to do it, and now I feel more confident in what am I shooting for.
Having no background in computers other than being a user this course is definitely a good starting point for helping me to understand the intricacies of what is going on inside of the machine and internet.
its just more more than awesome.i liked it very much and learn so many things from this.Thanks to googlers for taking such precious time for us to make such a course .Thanks to coursera for providing this.
This was a fantastic course. There is a lot of good information packed into it. Don't be nervous about the amount of work that it looks like. It was very straight forward and very easy to pay attention to.
This course was harder than I anticipated, but I was able to revisit and reread the material until I understood it. I didn't think I was going to finish it. I am super proud of all of the things I learned.
I loved every minute of this course. Every thing I have learned has been so practical and useful. The instructor was great! I feel confident I could now explain the basics of computer networking to anyone.
This Course is very intense since i don't know many of concepts before. The Instructor made it simple and explained all the way from scratch. My special thanks to Google to provide such an amazing course.
This is a very effective course for an IT Support Specialist. A huge background process and service can be learned by this course. For a deep understanding of how the protocol works this course is a must.
Networking is quite tough as it has so many names,short form of words,bits and many more.Though the instructor wanted to teach it easily and we did that..But i think I need to look up at this course again
Amazing coverage of all networking standards and protocols we use today. It gives you all the resources you need to have a basic understanding and be able to do low level troubleshooting for any network.
This course has been a really helpful to me since I am still exploring Information Technology. I like that y'all added personal experiences, as well you covered pretty much all the important information.
Fantastic course, finally dove deep enough to explain concepts I've only superficially understood for years, despite the college classes and even more focused certifications in networking I already have.
Truly amazing and contains a huge amount of info and basics of how our networking goes.You will find yourself eager to finish it and continue your way up to other related topics. Thanks for your effort.
Material was very informative and very helpful in allowing me to apply some of the information I learned to everyday problems that could arise at work or anywhere you might be connected to a network at.
Fantastic course. Even as someone with some networking knowledge, a lot to learn. Felt easy to understand while also pushing me to understand how to explain it to those with less technical knowledge. =
Will need to review again, but I absolutely loved how thorough the course is. I do wish there was a more interactive course to see the progress of learning within the big picture every step of the way.
Incredibly valuable course and an IT professional to really understand how networks work. I've heard many of the terms before, but didn't quite understand how everything fit together until this course.
It was a great experience. The trainer has explained the topic really well, and the professional that was sharing their experience was making it more interesting and motivating to learn more.Thank you
the course was really helpful in understanding the basics of networking  and the practical knowledge that was provided through the videos and the assignments  is good. thank you for such a good course
one of the best courses I've ever followed. this helps me to upgrade my knowledge regarding computer networking. I really loved to take my career in the networking field.  Everything was super clear.
This course helped me learn a lot of basic things that weren't covered in my academics. It is a perfect course to learn the basics of networking the TCP/IP model and the devices we use for networking
Top-Notch! Great instructor and amazing course structure. I highly recommend this course who wants to pursue a career in computer networking who has little to no knowledge of computer communications.
As someone who has more than an average understanding of computer and networks, I learned A LOT i didn't know, and a lot that i will find helpful at home, as well as when searching for my new career!
This course covered a lot, and somehow made it all very fun.Studying this has been my favourite time of the day for the past 6-7 weeks, and has helped me be more knowledgeable and confident at work.
One of the best courses which i have come across. Assignments are easy if and only if you understand the concepts very well. The teaching methodology is fabulous . I learned a lot from this course.
This course is so good that in 6 weeks you gain the most of the the knowlegde of networking and troubleshooting.The professer that is assigned for this course is superb.I liked his way of teaching.
Very nice even if one of the tests was buggy (select appropriated network solutions to client only works in Chrome). Also there is a mistake about TCP flags, the right answer is not in the list : (
I learned a lot more than I thought I would.  Some of it I knew, like a few of the terms but didn't know how it connected with the entire web of Networking.  Now I have a must better understanding.
This section was downright hard if you have no familiarity with networking like I did, it frankly needs some extra supplementary material or text or more exercises to really drive in the concepts.
There was a ton of fundamental concepts covered in this networking course. Learned a lot of things interactively with difficult quiz options and graded plugins. Looking forward for the O.S course.
I like that I get to learn new things that I haven't learned before like this new knowledge that I'm add to my learning skills. Including the understanding of how a computer function and operates.
This was a challenging but rewarding course on the basics of networking. I feel like I am walking away from this course as a more confident candidate for a role in the IT world. Thank you, Google!
I have learned so much from this course and I keep learning new things each day. I actually look forward to when I have to get back at it to learn more and push myself to do better for the future.
Enjoyed this course But will come back again to review and strengthen my knowledge on this subject. And Thanks for all of my Instructors who has make this very understandable for students like me.
Of the 2 Courses, this is by far the most dense, exhausting, humbling, and entertaining so far.  Kudos to Google and the staff on this one.  It was a lot in a little time, but excellent overview.
In this course, I learn a lot about Network concepts, The different TCP/IP model layers, and the most important network commands. I really enjoy this course. Thanks to Courcera, BMCC and Google.
I'd recommend this class to anyone, with the understanding that it is more of an "overview" course to highlight important concepts and that it won't turn you into a SysAdmin or Network Engineer.
I have found this course really useful for my professional life because it has helped me to refresh a lot of concepts and update them to what's today in the work of networking. Very recommended.
The course covered all of the basic knowledge needed to understand computer networking.  I would suggest adding more live demonstrations on customer interactions to regarding networking issues.
This course teaches you the basics of computer networking in an orderly and detailed manner. Give it a try. After you are done you will know about computer networks, in and out. Best of luck ;)
Great course with great tools! I learned so much and am excited to move forward to build on my foundation. I love the instructor and the supplemental readings that guide you to further explore.
The course is fun and provide useful information at the right depth. It's not too easy and does not give too many useless information. It is good for a first approach to the subject (beginner).
One of the best courses on Computer Networking that I have come across till date. I have learned a lot of new things from this course. I would definitely recommend anyone to take this course :)
The course was great and learned a lot about networks.  Small bug in the final quiz that would never allow you to pass on the first question, but hopefully they will fix it and update my grade.
Very impressive amount of information over a 6 week time. It was challenging and almost made me want to give up. But I pulled through and now moving my way into the rest of this certification!
This is a very informative course delving into the concepts of all facets of computer networking. I look forward to continue learning in the Google IT Support Professional Certificate program!
Very good way to introduce the Networking field of IT to new learners. While many of these terms were confusing and there were a lot of them, it was a very well put together course. Great job!
Highly recommended course. It really helped me to build up a logical connection in my brain between each and every networking concepts. Thank you google and coursera for this wonderful piece.
This was a great course.  Tutors were very clear and concise with their explanations and this enabled me  to grasp and understand the many concepts being taught.  Thank you to all the tutors!
Wow !!!! This was fantastic and I learned so much to apply to my new job. I am absolutely excited to apply these new skills so that I can hopefully not have to google everything as I work lol
I like the way the the course is laid out giving you informative videos of the topic followed by a quiz and really like having hands-on tutorials where you can implement what you have learnt.
This course was Fantastic! it really helped me hone my basic knowledge of computer networking. Thank you Google and Coursera! I cant wait to move forward with the next course in this program.
Intense! I really appreciate the huge work of the team. Trying  to deal with tons of new and interesting material. I am literally becoming smarter every day.  And of course thanks Victor! 5/5
The test of this section had some issues with answers. everything is fill in the blank so a you have to type in exactly what the answer is and there is no leeway. but everything else is great
Awesome course for those who want to go for networking as a future career.this course is the basic necessity for networking, and also understanding the communication between network devices.
I had the opportunity to learn from the best, the best in the area of networking. I can stand authoritatively and defend whatever I have learn in this course. Thank Google team and coursera.
I loved this course! It was informative, easy to use, and most of all in a really fun format. Some parts of the course may have been a little rough to get through, but it was 100% worth it!
In this course things get more technical but very easy to comprehend!  the more in depth you go the better you will understand your line of work. These courses are a fantastic way to start.
This course gets into the nitty gritty of computer networking! The format of the course is great and the quizzes are helpful in giving you confidence that you've retained the info. Love it!
I LOVED it! Thank you Google and Coursera! It's so great to learn about that amazing technology that everyone uses every single day but very few people actually understand how it all works!
The course was a great way to introduce the concepts of IT support. I learned a lot and the instructors were great. Also, the resources provided are very helpful for my career development.
Very informational and hard concepts to grasp. Had to go back many times just to get all the info. Thank you for teaching and giving me this certification. I can't wait to do good with it!
Great course! You learn a lot of basic stuff! The guys in the videos explains the information very well! I recommend it for anyone interested on learning the basics on computer networking.
Excellent, I am amazed to get all of the deep knowledge about Network, it's Models, Layers and it's Future. Amazing teaching method and specially so interesting hands-on labs and projects.
Awesome course. I'm leaving with this completion and a much deeper understanding of how the internet is structured and how computers communicate with each other in networks. Great course.
Thanks Google/Coursera for giving me the skills and knowledge i need to continue my pursuit in IT. I will continue to learn and grow and i couldn't have gotten this far without your help!
I'm grateful for the opportunity to take this course on this platform instructed by great instructors of the Google company. Now I feel more confident when it comes to computer networking
I've learned a lot, but I still have to search more. Search Engine helps me a lot too not just main cousera. Coursera helps me a lot. I will move on for the next course and see you there.
Very interesting and nicely presented for someone who did not know anything about Networking. I recommend this course for anyone trying to understand the internet and networks in general.
A fantastic overview and immersion into the world of networking, great for someone with little knowldge of networking and a perfect refresher for someone who knows a lot about networking.
This course is really helpful for the ones who are willing to become network engineers.it covers important concepts in an easy understandable way.It strengthens the basics of networking.
This was a much more challenging and technical than the first course for this certificate.  I have done other video based education, and this is much more upbeat and engaging than those.
Very thorough and well explained for starting in networking. If you already know the basics, this will take you a little deeper. If you start from 0, there isn't a better place to start!
Very informative!  Chock full of info, it was presented in a great way for a beginner like me to be able learn all this stuff!  Thanks so much for the presentations, this has been great!
I like the instructor method of teaching. Networking can be a Very complex thing to learn yet he was able to deliver the content at ease without making it too long or too boring. Thanks!
It is a very eye-opening course. Before this course many things i dont know about network while operating our internet or routers well awareness came.......Thanks to all my faculty.....
Phew! That was a lot to take in! Quite a challenging course, but well presented, and all the answers are there. I'm happy with my 92% grade, and I'm looking forwards to the next course.
Start from bite end with cloud and IPV6 all topics super easy at the assessment time played video many time to reference the same for answering really worthy to read complete the course
IT was Fantastic, I reviewed the material so many times to grasp the topic it was very precise but the well-explained course helps me a lot to get fundamentals of networking. Thank you.
Brilliant experience of learning with coursera. It was my first ever online experience of learning and it was amazing the way the teacher taught us  and the labs everything was amazing.
I enjoyed leaning about how data flows from one computer to another, even over a router to a different network. The instructor of this course is very good and presents the content well.
Very interesting course, I'm really glad that I took it and have a much deeper understanding now.  I'm sure I will be coming back to this course as a refresher many times in the future.
Amazing course. Definitely don't see ethernet cords, and computer the same after this course. So much to learn and so much more to come with IPv6 slowly becoming more, and more common.
This was an excellent course. Networking can be very challenging and learning some of the concepts can be a struggle. The knowledge that I acquired through the course is very valuable.
This course was very informative. I learned so much about the intricacies of how the internet work, how networks communicate over long distances and how complicated it all actually is.
I really liked the course and I learn a lot about network and the mysterious world behind it. Now, it is not mysterious anymore! It is science and knowledge that makes up the network!
The lessons are very informative, and the quizzes are just hard enough that they require you to have a solid grasp of all pertinent information. The teacher is awesome and very funny.
This course was challenging but really fun! This is definitely the course where I have learned the most so far. I'm really looking forward to the other courses that are coming up next
It was great to learn from this The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking course.It was a really amazing experience. Thanks, Coursera and Google for providing such great opportunity.
i had to go back review quite a lot, was super complicated stuff and im still not the most confident in what i learned but this class is amazing and the materials are very real world
This was the most informative and descriptive course ever. Most difficult topics were explained with utmost ease and citing of examples throughout the course videos was just amazing.
This is by far the best course available in market.If anyone wants to grasp the knowledge of how computers talk to each other,this is the course for anybody(beginner or experienced).
It was a very helpful course to know computer networking in a detailed manner, each and every networking terms were explained in a very simple way, overall it was an awesome course!
Fun, interesting, and exhausting course. Definitely challenging but absolutely fascinating and totally worth it. Use the supplemental reading and outside resources! They help a lot.
good course I wish you offered some of the graphics as downloadable files or mini tests for the use of studying. just so you can work on the course and wrap your head around it more
A very engaging, though technically challenging course. Victor is a very entertaining instructor who does an excellent job presenting the information without making it overwhelming.
The instructor was too good...i learn many new things and really enjoy this course and therefore thanks to google and the team and also suggest the beginner to join thus course :).
Amazing course! Thank you Google and Coursera. I've learnt a lot in this course with so good materials and resources. It has inspired me to read more about the world of networking.
It was a pretty awesome journey. The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking course have every information and are explained in a very simplistic way.  Quizzes were also interactive.
Good explanation of how the internet works, including some historical background. Provides different tools to solve networking problems and a good introduction to the TCP/IP model.
Definitely a review challenge, but covers a deep understanding of Networking from hardware usage to cloud computing.  I do hope Weeks 4-6 can be expanded on more for future review.
I started this course with open mind and a little bit of Hope. I must say that I'm super excited to learn what I thought I knew and to know how exactly things work in the IT realm.
This course was extremely challenging but in an exciting way! The world of networking is so intricate and I really enjoyed learning about it. I can' wait to get to the next course!
Very challenging course but you get a feeling of great accomplishment once you complete it. I had to go back to a few of the videos before the information finally stuck in my head.
I really enjoyed listening to the instructor for this course. He was very well-spoken, easy to understand, and spoke enthusiastically. It was a very enjoyable course to experience!
I really enjoyed the depth of this course! It was very educational and grueling but doable. I now know more about Networks than I ever thought I'd know. Keep up the good work guys!
Maybe review the contents of some of the graded quizzes, for some reason I found many questions on those quizzes that seemed more pieces of trivia than actual technical knowledge.
The course is pretty cool. I've got a huge knowledge of the computer networking!Thank you, Victor Escobedo! You are great speaker! Love your the teaching approach and humor sense.
A really informative and overall amazing course. The activities/projects were very practical and fun to do. The lectures and the overall course structure was extremely practical.
This course helped me clarify a lot of Networking concepts, that I've read in books while self studying for another certification, I didn't quite understand fully. Very worth it!
Great class! Helped and motivated me to study about topic that I was already covered on Cisco Networking class. The class had a good graphical presentation as well.Thanks Google!
I am on the verge of switching my career from Accounting and Sales to IT and this course has given me the confidence that I can make it. Thank you Google for this special course
Very informative. I have gone through those information in my computer science course, but this class actually help me get a better understand of what I have learned. Thank you!
This course gives you a strong basic concept of how network works and make  further learning and practicing a lot more easy and fun. The quiz and assignments are really helpful.
Good course but we could use some more specific examples of the problems.  Fortunately there is an awesome group of learners who are very willing to help with the problem sets!!
It is a great course on the background, the how's the when's and the why's.  This course really helps to bring the internet networking into a understandable and effective means.
Instructor was good at making things interesting while explaining things pretty well. I would say that Subnets was pretty weirdly explained but everything else was pretty good.
It is an excellent course, explained with clarity and depth, with examples and practical exercises that allow you to acquire a lot of knowledge. I highly recommend this course.
It was a good and in-depth course on networks. I learned how internet works, what are different layers and what are it's roles, how different protocols comes into picture, etc.
Was a fun and interesting course to take. I learned a lot of new concepts and, more importantly, specifics that got into more technical detail on how networking operates in IT.
This was a great experience for me. I have learned too much stuff, I have never thought I would do  without your help. I'd like to thank every person who worked on this course.
Takes a course like Networking which I struggled when I originally took the course many years ago, and made it easier to understand. Was very straight forward and to the point.
Great course on networking. Found it really in-depth. Spoiler alert, Week 2/subnetting might require a bottle of alcohol to get through. Fascinating and practical, all round!!
A good overview of networking concepts and for understanding what a network is actually doing at its fundamental bit level up to how it delivers information to the application
Very informative course that allowed me to get a good understanding of how all things come together to allow computer to communicate with one another and through the internet.
I really liked everything about this course as it starts from the base and covers all the actual topics of networking. I would love to see more in the part of Troubleshooting.
I kinda struggled with some of the subject matter, but overall a good learning experience. I must focus more. The instructors were great and very professsional also thorough.
This is the most difficult module to learn, but most I have learned already, but made it through just fine, and I will continue to go over the material til really good at it!
I think this course is very nice! Ive have been learning a lot of technical information about Internet!And I hope to learn more especially the practical part of this course!
I enjoyed the videos, they were information and quirky jokes helped make it better!! I did learn a lot i didnt know and this will help make me more interested in networking.
Great Course more hands on labs to understand for a hands on experience would of definitely helped retain the information. Will be reviewing this course again in the future.
Thank the person who came up with this opportunity for us to study this courses on Google platform, its really wonderful to have people around with ideas like this . Thanks
I've learned so much thanks to this course! I knew that basics of networks, but this is one step ahead. Now I'm confident I can explain my grandma how the internet works :)
excelent insight! hard to grasp at the beginning. It is worth reviewing the material several times, and get use to the terminology as fast as you can. 100% would recommend.
The assignment at the end is a little unclear and basically forces you to go completely through the course again but I definitely learned the material better because of it.
The course was too good. I will suggest it for every beginner. The instructor is well equipped with the knowledge. I have only one word to explain the quality. "EXCELLENT"
This class was a bit more difficult than the previous lesson but I loved it. Learning about networking has been so fun and i will definitely recommend this class to others
Insanely dense material, but very well delivered. I am glad these are videos. Otherwise, I would have had to ask the teacher to repeat himself/herself over and over again.
Great course. Lots of technical terms, rules and numbers to keep straight. But you will have a significantly better understanding of how computers communicate on networks.
I  had to read again and again the material of this course so that i can get rid of little bit confusion what I had. And the explanation of lecturer is really really good.
The course it have a lot of information, but at the same time it will push you to do research to get a better perspective, which is basic in a work enviroment. Excellent.
The course is structured really well with digestible chunks of information and the teachers do a really good job explaining the technical terms in a fun and concise form.
Great course, was very informational and taught me a lot, but definitely was a lot more confusing than the first course of the Google IT Support Professional Certificate.
It was tough since networking is my weakest subject when it comes to computers but I learned a lot and I'm already applying what I've learned to my own networks at home.
This was tougher than I thought it would be. I learnt a lot and really enjoyed it though, thanks for all the hard work that went into making that course, it was amasing.
made a 6-Month (1x per Week) "network-coordinator Win2K" Course many, many years ago. But what ive learned in this Course is just amazing and a great input. Many thanks
It was useful and fun :) All the details of the five layer model are explained thoroughly. IPv6 is addressed (lol). DNS, DHCP... all explained step by step. I recommend.
One of the best courses related to Networking so far, really loved the way of explanation as the topics were a bit complex but the explanations were on point and clear.
This course is a great dive into networking. It will prove to be a good base for building my skills and understanding of the physical devices and software of networking
Take the time to understand how the whole thing works, it needs to make sense in your head, this way, you can troubleshoot and lookup things online whenever necessary.
its a great course indeed. throwing more light on some abstractive terms I knew in IT. i love the delivery of the lecture sessions. Thanks to Paco in the Clouds...lolx
The course was way too good and easy to go through. It was really amazing to learn and relate the different concepts at different layers. Nice work, Victor! Thank You!
needs to be waaaay more interactive and a lot more explanation then sound byte videos if Google really expects their students to get a full understanding of networking
I enjoyed taking bits and bytes course, very comprehensive and up to date. It was alot of information, bt I'm glad I took it. I've often wanted to get into networking.
I love this course and it is a course i will go over and over again without tiring, because it relate to me in every aspect of my life. Thanks instructor for the class
Love the information you're in detailed explanations. I still think it's going to take a lot more hands on work to fully understand everything but definitely worth it.
All the computer network stuff in a nutshell. Great started course to get some complicated information explained easily and understandable. Definitively woth the time.
Excellent course.Good details on networking and explained in great detail (without going overboard).The exercises are good too, to catch up on some interesting gotchas
excellent course but the hands-on labs are buggies and even if I did it correctly still failed or got 50% and had to do it several times before it recorded accurately.
This was hard, but really rewarding. I'm glad I have access to these materials so I can go back when I need a refresher, and I'm so heartened by how much was covered.
This is such a great course, it goes in-depth on how networks work and it gives ideas about diagnosing some network-related problems that one might face in the field.
Great course, I found it extremely appropriate with all its contents conducive to  a logical flow of topics. I am ready to continue thriving and diving in, thank you.
I just completed this course in about 3 weeks.  After completion, I can honestly report that this was valuable information learned both personally and professionally.
A very good course that explains in-depth how computers communicate with one another and how to troubleshoot any issues that may arise while working in the IT field.
Another Excellent Course.  A lot of information to digest bit take your time and learn it.  Use mnemonics and other tricks to help memorize material.  You can do it.
It is a great and informative course.  I am enrolled in the Google IT Support Certificate program.  I am unable to access the next class.  Could you please help me?
I learned the basics of networking and created a strong foundation to further expand upon. I'm thankful that each section is broken in small, easy to digest chunks.
This course is really a good choice to take,it covered all the fundamentals of networking and i'm glad this would help me to move on with deep topics in networking.
This is one of the best and most organized courses I have ever taken online. I like the course structure and knowledge of the presenters. It also tests your skills.
This course was VERY informational. It is a lot of book knowledge versus practical hands-on stuff, but it's a good base on which to mount the rest of your learning.
Teaches you a great deal of knowledge about the internet and how it works. This course definitely makes everything relatively easy to digest if you just keep at it!
On this course I was challenged EVERY step of the way and i liked having that challenge while enjoying learning about all of the intricate subjects of this course.
This is amazing way for online learning and i love coursera way of explain by teachers. i would like to say thanks to coursera that help me to complete the course.
The content in this course was really helpful to me as a newbie to networking. Verifying the concepts taught here and checking them in Wireshark was even more fun.
This is an amazing course!  It has been difficult at times, but i am learning valuable tools.  And I am so proud of myself for coming this far.  Thank you Google !
Really enjoyed how the entire course has been broken down to make it easier to understand the basic components of how computers and networks function!  Thank you!
Very enlightening course about the way we interact via (and alongside) technology! Complicated at first, but the concepts build and make for very rewarding study.
This a very wonderful course . I love the instructor who uses the easiest language to explain the concepts. i highly recommend everybody to enroll for this course
I think understanding how computers and networks work is the most crucial part of being an I.T. Support. This course breaks down everything that you need to know.
Hope to see more materials helping us diving deeper. It would also be great if there are some assignments putting command lines like traceroute and ping into use.
This was a great course, a lot of useful content, so much to know and so much to learn. This course is opening the path of my career as an IT Support Specialist.
is a good course, just a lot of information. I will but put more little quizzes after each explanation to make it more interactive and easy to keep in our brain.
Great course and i just love how clear and easy to follow the instructors are. I am getting a lot out of this course and keep getting more excited to learn more.
Very informational, I learned a lot of things i had no idea, it's a good foundation in the networking path but it's also just the surface of the networking world
Fantastic training on details which do not raise themselves formally in day to day situations yet are critical to a global understanding of networking technology
good course. on the final module, i wish there were practice situations with the line commands to practice troubleshooting. but overall difficult yet satisfying.
This is a tough course, but you LEARN A LOT! I was able to plow through it in about a week, but it may take other people longer. It's just how motivated you are.
This was a really great course about leaning the details of working with a network. I would highly recommend this course for anyone interested in going into IT.
I have learn more than I thought I could and want to learn more plus get job ready at least at entry level. Email me anytime if there is an chance I can get in.
Way better than the pointless introduction course. Look fordward to more actual coursework and hope that I can manage to finish before I'm billed a second time.
A very good course that teaches you a lot about computer networking. A lot of the networking stuff I didn't know,  now I have an idea how it works. Great Course
I love the learning platform and the instructors are well rounded and dependable in the field. Thanks again for the opportunity to join the team.DeMario A. Isom
Except for Question 1 on the final Week 6 test (which kept telling me I was wrong even though I had the correct answer), I really enjoyed learning this material
A great deal to learn in this course, but very fulfilling once you start to learn the material. I'm a beginner so it was a bit touch for me. I still enjoyed it.
Very interesting. This course explains many aspects of how the internet works. When learning, it is helpful to keep a glossary of difficult words and acronyms.
Best MOOC on computer networks please go through all the material and you will find yourself a lot more confident in setting up network and troubleshooting it.
I must have to say - this course is perfectly designed for the next entry level Pros. I enjoyed so much. Well instructed by the pros. Thanks Google & Coursera.
Great course, very interesting. When you finished, you will learn how works networking and how computers, mobiles, laptops, tablets talked with others devices.
The Bits and Bytes of Computer module
started by building from the foundation by introducing the TCP/IP module which entails every aspect of computer network.
I believe this course would be one of the best courses. The trainer was very friendly and appropriate for teaching all the difficult topics so easily. Thanks!
Awesome course! Awesome teacher! I've learned so much throughout my time with this course and I can honestly say it has changed the way I looked at computers!
A lot of information, a lot! But how it was presented and sectioned off made it digestible. I would have loved to see a lab actually configuring a DNS server.
This course was a lot of work but you informed us all along that it would be so I prepared. I really enjoyed it for all of the information that is imperative.
Yes, I learned a lot of new things in this course the critical element in this course is troubleshooting. I will keep going for the next class. Thanks for all
I've done IT work for a while, and I still learned more than enough from this material that was new to recommend it highly.  Excellent instructor and content.
Very good overwiew of the fundamentals of how networks work.  Good job to all the presenters for their excellent explanations.  I really enjoyed this dourse!!
A lot of knowledge provided here and a good refresher for anyone in IT at any level. If you are new I do advise taking your time and taking notes this is gold
very interesting course. stuck at many places but learnt a lot. Thank you google for such a nice explanation of each and every point from scratch to the top.
The course was excellent, Loved the teaching style of the Instructor. All the basics of networking were covered and I would recommend his course to everyone.
A very broad overview of everything that is essential knowledge throughout the field it seems. I look forward to the next parts and thing this was well done.
difficult, wordy, and informative.  This is how a course on networking should be.  More animation regarding how the network works would have been great also!
Lots of important information to absorb and learn from, pretty useful one to learn to help diagnostics or fix your common problems. I learned a lot from this
A very wonderful course filled with interesting information. I would like to thank Google as well as the Coursera platform as well as the course Instructors.
Alex is an excellent instructor. So many perspectives and techniques were covered in the course. I especially liked working with router hops and data tables.
I love the interaction of the course and the useful real life scenarios that are given. More challenging then course one but still a lot of fun and knowledge
It would be beneficial to provide additional quizzes during the videos to test the material that was taught. the three questions at the end are a nice touch.
Very
clear explanations and good involving presentations. The video "All Layers
working in Unison" is the best I ever seen showing dynamics of TCP
connection
This is an excellent course.Learner can easily understand course videos and can answer questions easily.This course helps to gain good knowledge and skills.
PHENOMINAL COURSE!! I learned so much about the in-depth functions behind networking and how it all pulls together on a base-level. 10/10 totally recommend.
I think you all should go more in detail with the IPv6 and possibly how to apply it in windows and Linux; or at least verify where the settings are to do so
This course was very challenging I have learned many useful things about Computer Networking that I will apply in my future job as an IT Support Specialist.
Quizzes are pretty hard. It's hard to remember the differences between bytes of everything. I would include twice as many practice quizzes for this course.
Faculty was good .and I've bunch of knowledge from your course and exams are tuff and logical ,but it was good to enhance your knowledge thank you coursera
I loved this course, the content and delivery was amazing the tutors are impressive and make it all look so easy, the interactive assignments were the best
This course has a lot of information and may require repeated reviews to understand all the details. This course is well presented just like the first one.
amazing course! the instructor is really nice. everything is explained in best possible way. must take course for anyone looking to learn about networking!
This instructor is excellent! Very friendly, clear, and knowledgeable. It felt to me like he really cared about the students taking this course. Thank you!
I have learned a lot about networking, easy to understand and process. And I always go back and re-watch the videos if I am confused or forgotten something
An awesome course that i had learned a lot than and able to know a much how this whole digital communications are going on and how the internet is accessed
Although I struggled with parts of this course, the information and the way it was presented was fantastic. I feel like I accomplished and learned a lot!!!
That was really owesome for me and my journey to i have learn a lot about networking and servers and also how to menage the different network in one path.
Awesome course. Gave a lot of insight to computer networking. Helpful mostly for the working professionals whose major was not in CS and want to learn it.
I learned a lot in this course. A lot to learn, but very thourough and when you are done, you feel that you have a good background in Computer Networking.
A very technical course about how networking works. You will learn in depth about the OSI layers, and all kinds of other useful information on networking.
Not easy for a person who is not familiar with IT and all its technical names and abbreviations! I learned a lot and has helped me a lot in my work field!
Some teachings were really messy. Though it was pretty simple and understandable. It is recommended to give slides of all the teachings after the course.
This course really helped open my eye to modern networking. It is a great experience. I thank Google and Coursera for providing such an excellent course.
The course was very helpful for me to understand the concepts in the world of Networking. It felt good to learn things that are a bit challenging for me.
It was very helpful and covering a lot of concepts, and the extra material are very good as well ,Thanks Coursera and Google for making this available <3
Great course, great teacher! After completing this course you will get basic understanding of how computer networking works and modern Internet features.
This was an amazing course. I learned a ton of new information and it has made me really excited about my career change into the IT and computer sciences
I've learned a ton about networking down from its origins to where it's going. I am excited to keep on learning about this vast and growing niche in IT.
I learned a lot about how the internet works and how data is sent and the different protocols that exist and the different services offered by the cloud
Much more difficult than the first module, but it felt great to stumble a bit because it helped me learn more efficiently!  Looking forward to module 3.
This course really helped me understand how computers communicate with one another over networks and the internet - both wired and wireless connections.
This was extremely intensive, and informative. I'm really looking forward to applying my newfound knowledge to the test at an IT Support job/internship!
wow! The way of teaching is amazing and interesting. I learned a lot about Networking. Excellent course for who willing to get knowledge about network.
Very useful and you can learn a lot on how do each data is transmitted over a device through various layers and that each network engineer must update.
very informative course. I last completed something like this back in the old Novell Netware IP / IPX CNE course, so was a very very interesting topic!
great course i have learned alot. and the host was great at keeping the material super interesting. i even enjoyed the little jokes he threw out there.
networking is definitely not my strong suit, but the information was easily conveyed, and and questions I had could be found within the course material
I learned SO much in this course!  I took thorough notes so that I can refer back to them often because there was just so much information.  Thank you!
An excellent insight into networking, although i feel i need to physically practice it, otherwise skill fade will set in and away it will go. Thank you
This was a very detailed course.  It was difficult because of the large amount of information to learn yet very interesting!  Great fundamental course.
A very well structured, and delivered, basic course on the modern day network function, topology and how pieces fit together in global data exchanges.
Well this is really great course and definitely the course content is awesome I really enjoyed and learned a lot through this course about networking.
This course provided a quick and thorough revision of networking concepts for me.  It also helped me link theoretical concepts to practical scenarios.
I like to know this thinks of the network layer, some thinks I saw difficult like the first part of the test. Like this 192.168.1.1 submit or source??
Learned a bit more on IPv6 after taking this course. Most was practical knowledge gained over the years but I did manage to pick up a few new tidbits.
This course is simply excellent, each lesson is very well explained and all the information learned is very good to understand the world of networks.
This course covers all basic aspects of computer networking. It lays a good foundation in terms of concepts for you to explore further in the future.
This was a wonderful course as this helped me clear the basics of computer networking and taking this course would be a crucial part in my IT career.
It was very informative and well presented. Its not overly complicated and the projects and quiz make it easier to understand the material presented.
Excellent Presentation, full of technical knowledge. Most importantly, the instructor was passionate and his instructional techniques are remarkable.
This was a hella fun and informative course and I think I made the right decision to take this course to vast my knowledge in tech.Thank you Google .
It's a very nice course. I learnt a lots and lots of new things about networking and various protocols. Thank you google to make such awesome course.
Take a moment to redo the quiz till you nail them because the questions there are key for better understanding of the next lesson. Loved this course!
Very challenging yet insightful. I enjoyed every minute of this course and recommend everyone should take this course to broaden their own abilities.
Challenging due to so many specific things to learn in networking but overall such a great course that breaks it down to a very understandable level.
It would be helpful if the content of the course can be accompanied by a summary after each sessions. Like the course Machine Learning by Andrew Ng.
I learned a lot in this module and I loved the way the instructor narrated these technologies. Working of a internet now makes a lot of sense to me.
Excellent course. I know some basics of computer networks. But I got an opportunity to learn in detail. I would like to thank the course instructor.
Tough material and lots to learn but great teachers!  Loved learning all this new stuff and gaining an understanding of the working of the IT world.
Excellent content and at the right level.  Highly recommend this for the beginner or someone who wants to just get familiar with the concepts again.
This is a great course for all those who wants to know about the networking. Great tutors, assignments were tough. I struggled but I learnt so much.
It contained a lot of information and I feel that it was enriching.There was a problem with one of the modules. I had to complete the quiz in Opera.
Heck of a challenge. I almost wish there were an easier way to describe the five layer model, as that took the longest time to wrap my head around.
This course is very good for even those who are not very much familiar with technology and they can use it as a starting point toward an IT career.
Quite rich, well organised, tedious and voluminous and well packages and really engaging too. If you can grabs this, you are set for the IT journey
It taught me some new skills but over all well put together to help me learn more and grow with my computer skills and the future of doing it work.
Learned some new things and some things I was familiar with. I think this is a great course for anyone to take. I think Victor was a great teacher.
In-depth and easy to understand, the course took you on a step by step journey in on how data is transmitted from client to server and vice versa.
Can't still understand how I learned so much with just a "computer based, online community video training". I guess the resources behind scenes...
Amazing. Big ups to the instructor. Although some lessons were a bit difficult to grasp, it made it very challenging and rewarding. Onto the next!
the course was very useful and the interesting I leaned lots of thing from this course and I keep looking to study more .thanks for great teaching
In general, the online course itself is excellent, but I would like to see a practical lesson during the course. Thank you so much for your work.
Throughout the course the instructor explained all concepts in a easy understanding way. Worth doing this course. Thank you team for this course.
One of the best course on computer networking for new comers. Must attend course if you are interested in computer networking and u are a newbie.
This module is important because it really covers networking and the services and practices that are associated.  I highly recommend this module!
I learned a lot from this course.  Thank you, Google for breaking down this topic so that beginners to gain a better understanding of networking.
It was enjoyable. Maybe the topic of last week could be rewrite or update. I am interested in cloud technology as well. Thanks the course. (Clap)
The class was very interesting and challenging. I learned a lot from this class. It bridged the gap and provided knowledge to the areas I needed.
I enjoyed every bit of the concepts thought in this course the resource person explanation was very precise and succinct. It was a job well done.
An amazing course that covers computer networks, this course helped me revise and expand my knowledge on networks. I highly recommend this course
It was quite challenging for me during the ipv6 compression since i did not pay much attention initially. All in all, it was a great experience.
Thank you so much for this valuable learning journey I have. I can't wait to start on the next course.God bless you, Google.Love from Indonesia.
Lots of informative info here, but, with lots of studying and memorizing of terms and rules, this course will make you a better IT professional.
what an interesting and complicated course lol. I enjoyed every bit of it. thanks, Google and Coursera for putting this masterpiece together. 
It was amazing I will have to come back to this one because there are some things that I need to clarify and polish but thanks, I love you guys.
Highly recommend if you are in an entry level IT position and looking to build a foundation on basic troubleshooting and network communications.
This Course covers every knowledge an IT support should know about everything the internet offers, from the physical parts to the virtual parts.
A technically dense course that had my brain tied into a few knots. This course helped me realize I am capable of learning dense subject matter.
A very exciting, challenging and educative course about computer networking. I highly recommend it to anyone curious about computer networking.
This course had so much material and all of it was so helpful and helped me better understand what I would need to know for any future IT work,
I absolutely loved this course. I think I learned more in this course than I did in my three years of college. Looking forward to more courses!
Really good course.  Technical and short.  I know that sounds like an oxymoron, but you have to try it.  I am walking away with more knowledge.
If you feel intimidated about taking a Networking course. Don't be when taking this course. It is a great introduction to the Networking world.
The instructor was easy to listen to and explained everything about networking very clearly to the point that anyone could learn this material!
Its a lot of information dont get discouraged keep going even if you have to watch, read or whatever you need to do to get through this course.
it was very difficult at first but listening to videos over and over made it easier to understand.The quizzez helped a lot to memorize better.
one of the best courses i have done. the instructor was very clear and i can easily understand the concept he was trying to teach.thank you :)
An excellent exploration of essential IT concepts and processes that improve tech skills and understanding for beginner to intermediate users.
Amazing instructor. Very useful course, although I was familiar with 60% of topics. But I never had any idea about how all they work together.
Great course! I learned a lot! I have 0 knowledge about networking, now I know the basics and how data travels along every network connection.
Networking is my steeze. Although subnetworking could use an easier explanation, I thought most of the course was informative and interesting.
its ok but i will like if praticals where done, like showing me how to run a DHCP, how to configure a router to a switch and many other things
I learned some new stuff that I had only known peripherally before, I feel like it was a good in-depth course on networking! It was very good!
Fantastic course. Pay attention and you will learn more than you think. This course and certificate program really does teach you quite a bit.
Exceptional detail provided for the simplest of networking functions to lay the foundation for understanding more complex and dynamic systems.
Very in depth and helpful with the mini quizzes. There were plenty of very technical terms but was described in a very clear and concise way.
It was easy to understand, and many topics were discussed that might not be useful in modern networking but are imp.. Glad I took this course
I am an avid learner.  If I am learning something new, especially an interest, I get ecstatic as I progress.  I loved this course completely.
It's been a very technical and difficult course with lots of concepts, but is also very  rewarding to get to know how the networks are build.
Outstanding course.  I was really intimidated by the details of networking but this course really helped break it down into manageable bites.
This course is very well balanced for people with not so much time to invest on a full course.It's a bit challenging and awesomely explained.
I would say this Google IT support course an excellent course, besides all the instructors itself from Google engineer that makes more legit.
I really enjoyed this course. It taught me so much about computer networking and how computers communicate with one another, very helpful!!!
Easy to learn, covers the intermediate level of networking as well.  Certified by Google, if interested in networking, this one is for. you.
i learned alot of things from these courses i never knew doing something as simple as pressing enter while youtube.com is in the address bar
It was excellently planned. But I was expecting a bit more of hands on sessions .Anyway, great course and I don't regret taking this course.
This course was tough at times especially when it comes to learning about Subnetting but overall I loved it and I felt like a learned a lot!
Really a very good knowledge providing course and Instructor's method and examples are very very good to understand any topic of networking
It gave me an over view understanding of Networking and how to navigate through it. i now have a basic understanding of computer networking
It's a tough one but with so good teacher and mentor, i get through it and feeling awesome. I really want to thank for such a great course.
I learned a ton about the computer networking process and i'm interested in looking to that direction if a begin a successful career in IT.
All the basics about networking in a simple and detailed manner. Everything is from very basic and is explained in easy and elaborated way.
Excellent course.  It included some challenging and complicated IT concepts that were covered in a clear and comprehensive way.  Thank you!
Lots of good stuff here, including a near byte by byte breakdown of how packets are created. It is an excellent introduction to networking.
really enjoyed this course. Im amazed how much information was packed in and the way that it was presented really helped me to process it.
This course is very useful to learn how layers work and how to troubleshoot,IPv6 adresses.The course is very useful and enjoying to learn.
this is a hard course but i feel like i understand a lot more the functions that make computers work and communicate Thanks Coursera!!!!!!
Phenomenal course. Great information about the ins and outs of networking. Good points made on where to direct my learning moving forward.
The instructor is great at putting technical into laymen's terms, and provides great examples, to help you  fully understand the material.
This was a challenging course. It was presented very well. My only complaint is the quizzes at the end of each week. They are very touchy.
Great introductory course!  Just be ready to pay attention to the smallest details such how many bits or bytes in an IPv6 payload.  Whew!
The instructor did a wonderful job presenting the material. There's a lot covered and sometimes you need to go back and repeat to get it.
pretty good course with very clear explanation about the basics and a systematic approach towards various concepts of Computer Networking
This course, networking, was my favorite. I am looking forward to getting CompTIA and CISCO networking certifications in the near future.
Very informative and fun to take, but has a level of difficulty too. A hundred pages of notes in, and here I go to Course 3. Thank you :)
The content was amazing and well built. Easy to understand with good examples provided for a better understanding even for non IT people.
Very informative! Easy to follow and learn. I recommended this to all my friends so they can also start a career in the IT field as well.
Thanks to all of the instructors and to those who type the closed captions! I am legally deaf, so the captions are invaluable. Blessings!
I have learned a lot so much so that the IT Support Specialist at my job thinks he should take this course as a refresher. Thanks Google.
This is good course.Logical block exercises are very good for learning in my opinion. Courses need to use more of this kind of exercises.
Very great course.  I got to be honest though, there were times where i was thinking about giving up.  This was not easy stuff to learn.
I have learned a great deal and developed a deep interest in networking, something I only had the most basic ideas about before. Thanks!
The instructor is absolutely amazing. Always has a smile on his face and is very easy to listen to. Also, loved the puns in every video.
This gave a really good intro to networking. It also dove more in-depth but not so much that someone new to the subject couldn't follow.
Truly amazing! The way the instructor communicates and the way each step was built to address the whole networking aspect is remarkable.
I Have learned a lot during this course. I understood more notion in networking and also fix some misunderstanding, Thank you very much.
Excellent! Through a technical language, but using simple didactics, he manages to achieve the goal of teaching and preparing for work.
Great course. A little bit difficult but much more interesting and useful. Thanks Google and coursera for bringing this amazing course.
So much information, presented in such an accessible and friendly way! I'm loving this course, this certification path, and this field!
It was really nice experience ! The team has taken really great efforts to smoothly explain all the fundamental knowledge of networking
It really covers a lot of concepts that you usually don't see in college. I really love it seeing, again and again, each of the videos.
It was difficult at times. And that's a good thing. It's one of the first online courses where I got a sense of pride for finishing it.
Great course, Packed with a lot of information to learn. You'll need extra time to do supplementary reading to get through this course.
Online learning with Google is an excellent opportunity to better find out what might be a career or occupational path to your future.
Was difficult, but I learned so much new information on a subject I thought I was relatively well versed in. Hope I can retain it all!
Very informative and user friendly!I really enjoyed taking this course and look forward to further expanding my knowledge in the area!
Very thorough and Escobedo is superb at explaining stuff. Nowhere on the internet can you find resources as friendly as the ones here.
its really a useful and interesting course .......which helps to understand complex and minor issues in technologies and data transfer
It's a great course preparing me for a further exploration of computer networking, contents are well-structured and clearly explained.
This is a very good course for networking. It cover all the foundation knowledge for Network model , Ip address precisely and clearly.
Wow, This was super fun. Lots to learn, and now I finally have an ID how networks are part of daily life. Thank you so much Victor! =D
A good Networking course to cover the relevant bases. By no means comprehensive but very practical knowledge is discussed and applied.
I have always been quite poor at computer networks related topics. But this course has helped me learn my basics right is an easy way.
Excellent!Extensive information and knowledge. Presented well.Would have appreciated more hands on exercise - maybe using the VM labs?
I am very happy for all I have learned in this course and It is great because it was not easy but I thank God I finally went through.
This course is very rich in resources needed to be up to date on Network for those who have not their background in computer like me.
A lot of material that is going to take some additional study time outside, but a great introduction to the vast topic of networking.
Great course for understanding the basics of networking. really helpful and and easy to understand even if you are not in this field.
Good course getting to know most up to date technology about network communication. Fundamentals to troubleshooting all that matters.
Great content! Highly informative and practical explanations. The real world implementation of concepts well explained in the course.
great course with a lot of information. some questions on the quizzes should be re-worded as they are not as clear as they could be.
Excellent course as well as very cordial and encouraging instructors.Got all the network fundamentals cleared for the first time!:-)
This course is amazing . I have learnt a lot of things .Special thanks to Google for such a great course and fantastic  instructor .
The course is a thorough survey of networking technologies with lots of good visual aids and transcripts for keeping detailed notes.
There is a lot of good information in this section. I learned a lot and the material will be an  invaluable reference in the future.
this course remind me about old times plus new additional tech, I found this course very educative and interesting. thank you Google
Amazing course. Thanks my man Victor. I've learned a lot about networking. Looking forward to take next courses of IT specialization
All thanks to Google and Cousera for this wonderful opportunity. I now know a lot about computer networks and lots of other things.
This is wonderful course. I really enjoyed and learned though this course. I really appreciate the course teachers for this course.
This course was very educating that it gives an idea on what Bits and Bytes are and how are they involved with computer networking.
A thorough and in-depth course that helps anyone learn a lot about the basics of networking and how this giant global system works!
This was a very informative and comprehensive course about computer networking. I think I'm a real hacker now :)) Many many thanks!
best course I have taken in Coursera till now covers all the basics of networking, and I like the way the curriculum is instructed
It was an amazing course and a great teacher to learn with.This course covers all the aspects of networking protocols and devices.
I'm extremely thankful for the service that Google and Coursera has provided. Love it! I'm grateful for the great detailed videos!
Super dense information, but I feel it has given a better understanding of how computers work/communicate and that is pretty cool.
The instructor was great! I learned a lot about computer networking through this course, more than what I've learned from college.
I really loved this course. The teacher was very good and easy to understand, though sometimes he had his head in "The Cloud." LOL
This was a challenging course. Although I had some knowledge of how it worked, I learned a lot of new and very useful information!
Tough course, but very appreciative of all the information on how computers work, ipv4, the cloud etc!Kind Regards, Alonzo W. Hill
Very well done. Information was very compact and efficient but easy to understand if you put the time and effort into the process.
This was way more difficult but I definitely enjoyed it. I am actually got more interested in networking after taking this course.
Very well structured Course. Perfect for a student to get a detailed idea about the contemporary networking technology out there.
A must recommended course to everone how want to make their career in networking sector all fundamentals are cleared very clearly
This course helped me learn the foundation of computers now i can help people and not question my own response to their questions
Good explanation.  In order to understand the lessons on a conceptual level, you actually should watch the video's several times.
I thought that the course did a really good job of building on information that we have learned throughout the first two courses.
Very interesting and challenging course for me. I'm happy that I've pushed through and finished the course. One to the next one.
Its truly an awesome course. One must learn or if you feel you know these stuff, this course is great to brush up the concepts!!
Thanks Coursera and Google Team design this course it is very help full to learn about networking and basic things related to IT
The course provided me with a firm grasp on Networking. I would recommend this course to anyone looking to enter the word of IT.
Great high level overview of networking. Could be frustrating at times with the depth of information given, but really valuable.
Great course, can't recommend it enough for those wanting to get into support or just understand what is going on in networking.
It was really good didn't have practicals as i expected or would have loved but  rich enough for an efficient network education
Very practical and useful. Informative and great. The fourth and fifth weeks were a bit overloaded. But otherwise great course.
It took time, patience, reading and listening to other material to fully grasp the information.  I can't believe I am doing it.
Highly informative, very comprehensive and complete. I love particularly how the main tests change the questions when you fail.
THe course was super heavy loaded, but anyone can learn this skill!Thanks Google for creating a better learning environment !!!
This has been an invaluable resource on my path to becoming a network administator or pursuing a career in security. Thank you.
It was great, learned a great deal but there are some things that are unexplained and will require you to look up on your own.
This is the best course which explains in depths starting from basics and quizzes were having very good standard of questions.
Hard. You need to take notes and go at your own pace or you will struggle with the quizzes and understanding the fundamentals.
Very well structured course that covered all the basics.  There were item taught that I didn't even learn at my local college.
I am grateful to my lecturers, I have learned a lot and need to revisit the course over and over again for total assimilation.
Great course. Very useful. Much of it I was already familiar with, but this course helped deepen my understanding quite a lot!
Fabulous introduction into networking. Looking forward to expanding my knowledge through future certifications and experience.
It was incredibly hard, but it was WORTH the information. I learned so much. I understand how networking works so much better.
It was not so easy for me as a new starter of IT study, by the way it is an ultimate challenge to complete this course for me.
This course was quite helpful, I knew computers performed complex operations but I never knew just how complex and how quick.
It was fun learning about networking and internet and how it works, and the teaching style of Sir Victor Escobedo is amazing.
Now that was a pretty good course. The instructor seemed to know what he was talking about and the lessons weren't exhaustive
Good courses with nice explanation. The knowledge is quite in detail, so it might be better to read few books for supplement.
no complaints the google team is great and as are their courses and same with coursera providing these courses on their site.
Amazing course, I had some challenging times but overall its was worth it, I learned a lot and i'am proud. thank you coursera
Great course that covers the fundamentals of networking very well. Be prepared though, it does get pretty technical later on.
this cousera helps me alot in my computing skills an it teaches me how do do somthings i have never done an also learnt alot
Taking this course is the best decision I've made in a long time. I just don't know how I'm going to retain all of it! haha!
A very good Networking course. It has been designed to touch all most every Networking aspects. I have enjoyed the learning.
it feels good completing this course! A LOT OF NEW INFORMATION ,but in the beginning its very challenging keeping up with it
This was somewhat a difficult course but i Learned a lot. I still have a lot more to learn but i enjoyed every second of it.
Gained a lot of useful knowledge.  Thank you Coursera and Google.  Keep up the great work educating people across the globe.
this was a challenging subject for me personally. i have to say i was right thrilled with the knowledge i have taken. thanks
This is a very tough course, but it is well worth the time. Now I understand a lot about networking a lot more that before..
Fun, engaging and informative. It really helped me to identify all the things I already knew but just couldn't call by name.
HUGE information and learning.  THANK YOU Coursera!  I can't wait to complete the certificate and get to work in this field!
The courses that Google provide are great foundational tools that anyone who is new to IT should experience and learn from.
It Was Great Experience To Learn This Course, The Trainer Were Awesome And I Learned Alot Of New Things.Thank You So Much..
i learn a lot!! but more important is the fact that i was able to test my own knowledge and be more secure about my skills.
I did my CCNP way back but this course is a refresher and I love it. The instructors are amazing. The learning is Very Deep
I learned a tremendous amount about network computing in this segment. Highly recommend it anyone interested in IT Support.
Ready for the next course!  Thank you for putting the dictation of the video also below, that has been very helpful for me.
I thought I had a better than average understanding of networking.. but now I *KNOW* that I have a better understanding :)
Excellent. I am very happy to finish this course and i am very interested in the next one. I really want to get certified.
Amazing course. There's a lot of knowledge in this course and a great history lesson of the birth of internet. It was fun!
To be honest, this course was a little bit tough, but the videos and directions make it so much understandable. Thank you.
I learnt a lot about networking. I can now understand more things my brother as my computer admin is always talking about.
Eye opening stuff.  Very well structured and dense.  Quizes could use more questions to better reinforce material learned.
I have gone over this information before in other classes, but this course helped me to really understand the information.
This was a very in-depth course and has taught me a lot. now on the the next courses to complete this certificate program.
I really enjoyed this course.  It gives you a lot of information on how things work and how they will work in the future.
It is a tightly-packed course with a lot of fundamental knowledge to help you have a better picture to our modern network
it was very helpful, the videos and instructions were step by step and informative. I enjoyed the extra readings as well.
Definitely a lot of information but it is all fundamental in understanding everything that goes into computer networking.
This is a tough one. Very dense on data and the content is very dry. If you have good study habits you'll make it though!
Great course.  This is a comprehensive introductory course to computer networking.  Very professional and well presented.
good course.gaining knowledge is the only way to survive this world .thanks google and coursera.for 6his wonderful course
Great module. Lots of interesting and great information. Kudos to the teacher. Very knowledgeable on this subject matter.
Victor Escobedo is very very good at presenting this information in a way that is interesting and enthusiastic. Good job!
get a opportunity to learn basics of computer networks through The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking.Thanks Coursera
It was Amazing journey got the opportunities to learn many things about Network, Internet, All the layers and many more.
Great course for people who want to know more about computer networks and those who are willing to pursue a career in IT
Despite the fact that I am only a high school junior, I feel confident in what I have learned about computer networking.
Very informative and concept clearing course. I think these skills are a must for anyone involved with computers itself.
Awesome content by Google. Every video is short but has much content to learn more. Keep confidence and enjoy learning.
Fantastic!, Just absolutely amazing work google does in creating courses! Love the plugins which provide real practice.
It was hard. There a lot of concepts and definitions you have to recall. But don't let that sway you. Keep learning! :)
i enjoyed the course, i learned many things, i widespread my knowledge about networking. Thanks google, thanks coursera
I could see there is a long way into a deep knowledge of all those new technologies from this next internet generation.
Thank you Coursera for this Platform and I'm also Thankful to the Professors and InstructorsThank you Google...!#Google
This course does a good job of covering computer networking.  You learn how it works and how to fix it when it doesn't.
Great course.  Recommended for absolute beginners. I recommend searching the internet heavily while taking this course.
I learnt so much about about networking and communication of computer system. I I'm totally satisfied with this course.
The course contains a lot of information, but also plenty of resources to learn more, which is what everyone should do.
This course helped fill in many gaps I had in relation to the tech support of networks.  Lots of things make sense now.
Coure matra masth ithu... Subtitle ididke cholo athu aa gandu language arthane agthirlila...Adru masth ith bid paa....
very informative and enjoyable understanding of how things truly work with a click of a mouse to a web page or server!
I have learned a lot about TCP/IP layer as well as most important thing about networking. Thanks to all who made this.
Awesome Course Learned a lot of new things and how many things happen behind a simple mouse click on  that send button
I was very tough course that i did early. Google learn me a lot. Enjoying my self now. Thanks for Google and Coursera.
This Course helps us the know from a basic of network. They way the mentor took the class was easy to understand also.
It is good course for someone new to the IT Support field, and good refresher for someone who is working in the field.
It was a hard course to grasp, but I finished it and I gotten more understanding since when I first started. Thank you
I recommend this course to all who want dig deep into how the bits and bytes of the computer network works! A+ Google.
This is one of the greatest course I've ever took! Carefully chosen and well delivered contents. Thank you very much!!
It's a very technical topic but it has been covered very well. I will be referring to the videos throughout my career.
Great way to expand your knowledge in Computer Networks.Thank you Google for providing me such a wonderful experience.
I have learned this thing on my vocational school from the first year until last year. But this course make it simple
This course is great. This course help me a lot in my career and education also. I learned the practical skills also.
The course was great with a lot of information.   I personally wouldn't mind a few more hands on interactive  models.
Great instructors and content!  Course layout and presentation aides the student in understanding technical material.
very excellent course . i joined without any background of how internet works , and now i understand every part of it
This is such an amazing course provided by Coursera and Google. I'm really glad I found this course. Thank you much!
While the material is definitely challenging, the instructors passion for the subject makes learning a lot more fun.
The material of the course is straightforward to understand-  and I recommends to any one taking this quick session.
Awesome course! Very challenging in the start but then it really smooths out into a nice learning groove. Well done!
Though I had some struggles with this course, I would like to say that I am thrilled to have completed it!Thank you!
Really good course. The instructor is very good at explaining difficult stuff so that you understand the principles.
excellent very good, dynamic, the content is complete and very very useful in support networks, thanks for teaching
WOOW !!This course was just awesome. The way he explained everything with a smile and patience was just commendable
Great, user friendly course. Completed it in 4 days as opposed to 6 weeks for anyone put off by 6 weeks of studying
Although the topics are new and somewhat complicated for me, I have learned a lot with this well structured course.
It was very difficult to digest everything but would be nice if could see this in action not just in some diagrams.
Great overall l leant a lot that l never thought was there about NetworkingI will continue to dig into finding more
Would highly recommend taking this course, it has multiple 'weeks' of intense training on the basics of networking.
Everything in this course is substantially helpful in term of technical aspects. Thank you for giving more clarity!
Excellent course to build a foundation of basic computing and learning the different layers of a networking system
Amazing course, a transforming experience. Theres no better place than here. Thanks for making it possible for me
Finally an explanation of both the gritty, physical and conceptual way in which information moves on the internet.
easy to follow course,  self pacing helps and being able to revert back to study material before a quiz is a plus.
It is amazing course, get some knowledge about computer networks and ten do this course, I am sure u would love it
In my perspective ,it is  very useful course to everyone and it covers each and every aspects in Networking Module
A great course and lot's of useful information. It was a very helpful course and I am excited for the next course.
This course was not easy, I had to watch the videos several times in order to get it. It was way worth it though.
Very information heavy so it's best to take your time with this one but you get a LOT of useful information here.
Best course I have ever taken ever taken in networking.Best theoretical explanation and practical implementation.
Despite having a thorough hatred for networking. I learned quite a bit that hopefully will help me in the future.
This course is great. I've learned so much about the network. I'm really impressed with all the details provided.
These courses seem very well made, but there are some error's in the course like one of the answers for a course.
Great courses that everyone need to know about since we are in middle of technology development .Thank you Google
Very well put together, make sure to take time on the parts that are a bit more dense. Overall,  learned so much.
Learnt a lot about the basics of networking.  Enjoyed the course because it was challenging but not intimidating.
This course pushed me to learn a ton about computer networking and how the internet works. I highly recommend it.
Great course, the beginning  is complicated and takes a long time to assimilate but then the rest is quite easy.
It was very informative. I learned so much. I enjoyed the course material and the graded assessments. Thank you.
Thanks for the commitment and effort you guys put in these courses! It's comfortable fun and really in helpful !
I love how things are getting more technical and I'm really filling the gaps of my own knowledge and experience.
It's a lot of info to learn but is very interesting. Next time try to make evaluations a little bit more easier
Really good course to lock down basics in understanding how computer networks work and troubleshooting problems
It was a great long journey. I have learned a lot of things from this course. You will become hero from zero :)
It was complicated and I am exhausted. Now I can understand why there are many people behind a network company.
Excellent course.  Invaluable information that will serve as my foundation for a career transition.  Thank you!
I find this course very helpful and practical. This course really help me understand more on Networking, thanks
I really love the in-depth knowledge provided in this course and how the instructors delivered the information.
Great class! Very informative and easy to understand. Useful and practical knowledge that is easily applicable.
I just wish they took a little more time to actively show you how some of the networking configurations happen.
Tough material but if you work through it you will definitely have a more thorough understanding of networking.
The layout of information and the presentation is world class. You wouldn't expect anything less from Alphabet.
Extremely enjoyed this course especially the instructor made this course slightly easier without making bored.
Lot of information to take here. Need to be attentative to the videos orelse it's difficult to crack the quiz.
I would say it wasn't easy but it was quite interesting diving in into networking in the nits and bytes course
It was quite good, I learned many interesting things, I will do everything possible to put them into practice.
Awesome, engaging, and convenient study-time expectations. I'm glad I heard about this before it was too late!
Helped me learn many interesting things from the basic to many deep knowledge about Networks and the internet.
Great Level, interesting topics and that information that they provide are very awesome for improve my skills.
Wow i really can see myself in this field.  With this knowledge I will be god like to ignorant tech peasants.
Whew!  This one is full contact.  Its densely packed and incredibly useful, but definitely bring your A game.
Can't wait to review this material again. Looking forward to what is next! This course was verify insightful!
Very difficult, but also very detailed. You may have to watch a few videos 3-4 times but it will be worth it.
I was a great course. I have learned a lot about computer networking and expanded my knowledge in that field.
i was able to learn so about how big the internet was. While learning about how it works. With great Teacher.
I loved this. I cant express enough how good the material was, and how much I actually got out of the course.
An excellent course that breaks down the huge world of Networking in digestible, easy to understand "bytes!"
It's a great material and very complex terminology to understand which explained in a very effective manner.
It was an amazing experiance i've learned so many new things from this course...THANK YOU SO MUCH COURSERA!!
Another great course for remember the importance of the IT field. And be more connected with bits and bytes.
Lessons were great, they have put in lot of efforts in making these courses, thank you for bringing them....
Good Question answer and more no of objective question, no repletion of the   Questionassignment very useful
I really liked the course. this course made networking look so easy. I am just glad that I took this course.
I've been networking computers for decades. This course was somewhat simple for a person with my experience.
This Track Course is recommendable as it is exceeding knowledge to the height of latest technology measures.
Good way to teach how Internet works and how computer networking is defined by several Protocols and models.
Great overview of networking, packed with lots of relevant information and outlined in a clear, concise way!
Excellent and exciting course. I would definitely recommend it for people who want to become IT specialists.
Great Course. Dives deep into networking. Has simplified things about networking I have learned in the past.
Well designed practical oriented course. Learnt a number of new things and vastness of how networks operate.
It was as intense as it could get, yet the learning material was well prepared and made easy to understand.
It was awesome! It's a loooot of information but it was possible to more or less digest it! Well done guys!
This was a good course with lots of information, but need more hands on practice to the information to use.
Wow, It was a really amazing course. All the material is helpful for a learner especially for the beginner.
You can really tell the investment Google and Coursera have taken to make such a great course.  Keep it up!
The course was great.  It's technical but clear explanation and makes learning fun and at a realistic pace.
Great essential knowledge to know... this course help me to know a lot in a very short-time. Thank you all!
Managed to finish it by 5 days. Too much information now in my head. BTW, it is definitely a great course.
Worth it.  Love this experience.  Grateful to God for the experience and learning with Google.  Thank you.
I have learned lots of things from this course and now I am more interested to know more about networking.
I have a CCNA and this course was still very challenging. It helped fill in gaps and boosted my knowledge.
Great material. The instructor is very clear and you can see he dominates the topics he is speaking about.
Very difficult course for a newbie to IT like myself, but well worth it to learn the basics of networking.
This is the most important course for any IT engineer Every IT filed related person should do this course.
It was really difficult took me about a month and a half of on and off time but at the end its worth it!!1
Covers almost every topic that  IT supports professional should know about.  Great resource  for Networks!
The setup of this course to be available on both your smartphone and laptop is a game changer!  Love it!!!
The IP routing portion in the final test I feel could be better explained in the course.  very challenging
Networking is pretty tough and research intensive but the course is well set out and keeps you interested.
excellent skills learned easily bit to bit explained. awesome , but some technical issues were disturbed .
Great course and very informative. The material and presenter was very straightforward and easy to follow.
thorough review of the main highlights in networking.  Good review if you already know this superficially
Engaging material, that was helpful in understanding the backbone of the technology used in the IT world.
The instructions on the chapter 2 and 5 quizes are be explained more clearly however I enjoyed the course
I dived deep into the network with your course. Really awesome work done in putting together this course.
A difficult but very constructive course regarding the basics of networking. Would recommend to everyone.
Quite the challenging course, but great to learn the layers of the network model with all of its details.
Great material! I will likely be going back to review some of this later that I didn't write in my notes!
Great opportunity what computer networking is even though I'd have a bit of knowledge for it. Thanks all.
These modules are really impressive. IT technical terms would get better and better. Enjoying the course.
Learned a lot more here than at school. Google needs to create a College Degree program here on Coursera.
Good Networking refreshing. Would be a great primer to take before starting down the Network + cert path.
This is a great course.  There is so much to wrap you head around.  I love the videos, quizzes and tests.
Very difficult, take lots of notes!  But really satisfying when you are able to complete the assignments.
Super Interesting!!! Learned a ton of new stuffs. Thanks a lot to all the course instructors. It was fun
This course has been great. Learning so much which will give me the fundamentals to computer technology.
One of the hardest courses I have done. Quite demanding and challenging for me but happy to finish it :)
This course actually laid the foundation of my networking and has made me to know a lot about networking
It was difficult but very rewarding thank you so very much for the time and energy put into this course.
Networking is not my favorite so far but I understand a whole lot more now that this course is over with
Great courses. Fantastic explanation about computer networking with good examples. Learnt a lot from it!
I really enjoyed this course, if you do not have a background in networking, you will after this course.
Great course, give you a lot of insight on networking and computers, this has really opened me up a lot.
so far breaks down the necessities that I was looking for thank you for including information like this.
this course is HARD! but with that said the content is good stuff and will be very helpful in this field
it's very interesting to know the basics and advance lesson of networking. This course  is very helpful.
Brushed up on lots of material since I have been in IT for over 20 years. IPv6 bits were nice addition.
one of the best networking course. Thank you, Google and sir Victor Escobedo for this wonderful course.
Awesome! So proud of this accomplishment and I cannot wait to use my new found skills in the workforce.
i like how clear and easy to follow each lesson was. I really enjoy the quizzes and labs on this course
Very good coverage of network communications essential for someone working as an IT support specialist.
this course is amazing and provided me with lots of knowledge and understanding of Computer networking.
This course helps make sense of what you know already and definitely teaches things you might not know.
This was a great refresher for me. In fact, I think I picked up more in this than when I was at school.
Tough course, covers a lot of information very quickly, but is very informative and easy to comprehend.
this is so much helpful for me.....I think this is the best course to start digging Computer Networking
I love the way Google and Coursera develop knowledge and skills to encompass networking with computers.
Excellent course. This has really enhanced my understanding of the various protocols and technologies.
This is really the core of the computing communications,well organized and explained by the Instructor
Great course, one of the most relvants courses in coursera about Networking and Routing configurations
This course is awesome and perfect for computer networking basics. The instructor is cool and perfect.
Best course on networking.Thanks to GOOGLE for making such informative,in-depth course for beginners!!
Great learning tool! A wonderful resource of information and a great opportunity to learn a new skill.
It was a very much practical oriented course. I liked it that way and learned a lot apart from theory.
A really great course that goes over a lot of complicated material in an easy to understand format. :)
This course has very useful for beginner in Computer Networking. I definitly recommand this to others.
A lucid introduction to networking that's got my total attention! Hope to gain a lot from this course.
Although challenging, it's a very great course that goes over the bit and bytes of computer networking
Great explanation about all the contents, simply I love this, Im glad to invest my money in this way.
This course is great. I have learned a lot of useful information about IT from this course. Thank you.
A exceptionally well rounded course with all the relevant information. Felt great after completing it
The course was full of new information. I loved the course and definitely learned a lot of new skills
Confusing stuff, but with some good note taking and some extra reading its great information to know.
Tough course but worth it! Would recommend to anyone interested in learning the basics of networking.
Awesome course. I learnt all the basics of Networking. Hope that will help me with my future courses.
Im really satisfied, with the content of this course, Its well explained and really good sctrutured
This course learn all networking process ,we learn that how to network work in our daily life system.
It was a great experience. The course only strengthened my desire to take Networks as my career goal.
Instructor was great.  Very enthusiastic and course material taught in a very easy to understand way.
it is awesome to have some basic theories and skills to understand the networking through the course.
Very well explained course for the beginner like me in the world of technology. Thank you very much .
I like the teacher because he knows about the subject and the content of the course is very complete.
Honestly learned a lot more than I was expecting, the test at the end made things even more exciting.
This course was challenging and was more intense, but I got through it and I am ready for the course!
There's a lot to learn but I enjoyed it. Bravo to the instructor, Victor, who did the wonderful job !
Great course! Would love it if each lesson kept some of the diagrams & definitions up a little longer
Great course. Put together very well, covers everything you need to know about networking. Thank you.
Very informative, I have learned alot about computers that I will be able to use in my future career.
Incredibly beneficial with learning how things go tick behind the scenes of what end users are doing.
Great course material. I believe I have learned a great deal about networking and enjoyed the course.
The course was though but thorough. The assignments helped drill the basic concepts into your memory.
It requires improvement for better explanation specific towards testing but overall a great program.
Best networking course to get the basics of networking. and different techniques used in networking.
Great instructor. He can make even the description of header fields of a packet fun and interesting.
AWESOME COURSE!! IT WILL GET YOU UP AND RUNNING WITH ALL THE NETWORKING CONCEPTS AND MAIN PROTOCOLS.
this subject is very helpful for me in the computer networking theory and lab practical acadmaically
This was extremely hard to understand and follow up, but definitely gave me the foundation of the IT
As a Network Admin, I could refresh my knowledge and even learn new things from this course. Thanks!
Starting to get a little bit complicated ;) But in general this is an amazing course!!! Well done :)
It's a really practical course that allows you to have knowledge about networking! Worth to take it.
Yet again, very useful information and I'll use the skills learned to help with my own home network!
This course was easy to follow and amusing. I was able to absorb and utilize the information quickly
Sometimes the practical quizzes didn't really work as intended but the rest of the course was great.
This was a little more intense than the previous courses, but still pretty interesting information.
I have really added to my knowledge, and this is a kind of refresher course to refresh on my skills
It was definitely a challenging course, but I really enjoyed it and learned a lot about networking.
Great course ! And and keeps more attention to detail and what happens behind the scene of network!
It sometimes gets really hard but taking notes and reading the supplementary readings gets it done.
The course is very stimulating and comprehensive for anyone who wishes to learn computer networking
Thanks for this course. I struggled at some point but I did it. Addition, instructor was very good.
I had to review the materia a few times, very complete and well structured thanks so much coursera!
Mindblowing to think that networking has so many components to it. It definitely opened up my mind.
I love the way this course is taught and the speed at which it flows.  I feel like i learned a lot.
I'm a lifetime computer lover and this course managed to keep me on my toes. Warning: Very verbose.
you are the best ...i'd just wanna tell you "thanks" .......you give me the best expert in my life
Excellent. Interactive way of teaching and covered every section of day to day network operations.
Had a rough time with last quiz but figured it out,  Can't keep a determined IT professional down.
Very  interesting content that involves fundamental aspects for the work of an IT support analyst.
Excellent Course, Now I get to know a lot of things working behind the scenes.Thank you very much.
each and every line is informative and covering every aspect of networking bestest course no doubt
An amazing course with a lot of information and very difficult if you don't take the proper notes.
This course can be considered as the best foundation course for networking. I loved it thoroughly.
Another awesome course. Very VERY thorough and detailed, yet still extremely easy to follow along!
Well explained with a good packet of challenging tasks that really helped me understand everything
Im really enjoying learn through Coursera, its fun and I can do it from anywhere at my own time.
It is a great starting point to strengthen ones knowledge of networking and how the internet works
The course is really helpful and very good for the people who needs fundamentals of IT networking.
Wow Great course that keep me going  back  all the time. I recommend to anyone .Great job Victor !
Had a lot to learn. Loved the course, really! Thank You. Could really connect with Gary as well...
This one was hard but pretty worth it and you get a sense of accomplishment once you get it down!!
Very good instructor for this course which I consider the nucleus for an IT support professional.
Detailed course. Every step of the way this took me deep into the core of how computer functions.
I love learning, this course has taught me a lot about the importance of networking in computing!
Great course! Very informative and useful. Recommend to anyone who wants to start a career in IT.
The course was very beneficial for me. I would like to thank to instructors, Coursera and Google.
I had the chance to review my university's Data Communication and Networking course through this.
Very informative in the break down in all the individual pieces of the network information given.
Excellent for beginners and and Pros a like for a refresh Clear well documented and taught Class.
I definitely enjoyed this course, I learned so many NEW things that will help me in the IT world.
The course of this course is very good. For those who are interested. I do not feel disappointed.
I enjoyed this course. Challenging and fun. I have a better understanding about troubleshooting.
This course is well strutured and delivers just what you need to understand computer networking.
The instructor was very easy to understand and made the material interesting.  Very informative.
Awesome course the instructors explain everything very well and in an easy to understand manner.
This is a great course for anyone who wants a strong foundation of computer networks in general.
I am very excited, it took a lot of effort and concentration, but each moment was incredible !!!
there is a lot of usefull informations on this course. Google & Course is the best for teaching.
Got a clear idea in Networking. really helpful informations are highlited throughout the course.
It was great and amazing to cooperate with Google and Coursera and able to learn about Coursera.
one of the best online courses online the information it's so needed for networking field thanks
This is a great course!  Very technical but great material and delivered in a easy to learn way.
I learned more than I expected. I am happy with how deep the course dug into many of the topics.
Great course!!! It covered everything that I need to know about networking. Thank you very much.
A refresher! In fact, I see it as new knowledge from a different timeline! haha! Great job guys!
Great videos with a lot of useful information. I really like the way this course is going.Thanks
Fantastic network course which include IPv6 chapter. Fantastic materials and fantastic lecturer.
This course is the best for understanding computer networks and protocol in a functional level.
I am enjoying this. This is actually pretty Great for a certificate course. You have to want it
It is just amazing, Great Work Vicotor Sir. I learned a lot from you. Keep the good work doing.
Networking is the best subject for me and I got to learn a lot from this segment. Thanks a lot.
An Excellent course has got all important things about what is actually happening in networking
A nice course by google i learned lot of new information about networking .Thank you google. :)
Excellent courses, If you are looking for your road to the IT world you are in the right place!
This is a awesome course entry-level course for understanding the basics of computer networking
Enjoyed learning the bits and bytes of computer networking. Was more informative than expected.
The  course was well put together and easy to follow. I would definitely recommend it to anyone
I loved this course. It has allowed me to discover a lot about networks than I had anticipated.
Great course to really understand how data flows over the internet and within private networks.
I enjoyed it but week 2 seemed super tough for me. I had to go back and do a lot of rereading.
Excellent and at times challenging material that will  come in handy in the future! Thank you!
Outstanding job on explaining, supporting, and providing thought/application to personal life.
Was a little Technician but still help to understand how the computers communicate each other.
One of the best MOOCs I've been a part of! The amount of interaction with the user is amazing.
The instructor does a great job of explaining pretty dense and sometimes complicated material.
Excellent Course!!! I want to be a network engineer in my life. It is hard but not impossible.
The tutor of this course is very professional & made it easy for me to understands everything.
Course was informative and the interactive questions were awesome in generating understanding.
I Enjoyed my time with this course. This is amazing. I can not wait to start my next course!!!
it was really geeky but hey to be the best you need to understand the principles from the best
Victor was a great instructor who had vast knowledge and taught networking basics in a fun way
My brain feels huge and powerful. This knowledge gives me hope for the future of the internet.
Very intense and a lot of information. I will need to redo the course in the very near future.
So much great information. It's a lot of lofty concepts but it's presented well and concisely
This course was really flew able for beginners and it was nice to learn more about computers.
I am enjoying this course.  It can be challenging, but it is also rewarding at the same time.
That was really interesting and Awesome mentors could explain the whole process of networking
Great course, and this help me to get a clear understand of computer networking technologies.
Really good course to learn things about networking and how computers "talk" with eachother:)
Is amazing how this course guides you through the world of networking. I highly recommend it.
It's a challenging module but integral to the  foundations of troubleshooting network issues.
Lots of details and information. Extremely pleased to be able to finish the course materials.
really fun and more challenging.   A lot of ah ha moments on things i thought i already knew.
Some of the courses are boring but i gained lot of knowledge about Bits and Bytes etc. Thanks
it's such a nice course with loads of networking terms. i enjoyed the course. well delivered.
One of the most exciting course so far, has some challenges and fascinating topics.I love it.
Very thorough deep dive into computer networking. I have learned more than I thought I would.
This course made a complicated subject interesting and broke it up into easy-to-digest steps.
An incredible amount of information that results in a solid knowledge of computer networking.
Basic stuff, lacks of practical work but very clear and interesting, I like the instructor :)
Excellent Course. Add more Interactive Modules / Assessments, please! They were VERY helpful.
Amazing and informative. I love learning about networking and this was really easy to follow.
Great course, lots of good information taught in an easy to follow and comprehensive manner.
Huge stuff!Enjoyed a lot while learning.Improved my networking knowledge.Thanks for all this
Best course to start your networking journey and learn networking from basics to high level.
very good course with huge information explained simply with effective exercises and quizzes
Very nice content. Knowledge imparting questions and activities. overall a great experience.
I really learned a lot from this course. I also appreciated the instructors sense of humor.
Very informative, explained in a way that a person without a tech background can understand.
It's a very good course for those who want making his future in networking and hacking also,
it was very helpfuli learned a lot new things about internet world and ill continue to learn
Great amount of material, very good quality, I will encourage my friends to take this course
Shocking how much I've really learned in this class. Looking forward to expand my learni g.
Everything was perfect except the lack of hands on practicals on real life network devices.
I took a college course at my local CSU and this course went above the university standard.
It is really a good course with lots of content about networking and communication. Thanks!
very informative! Tons of detailed topics in a very concise and easy to understand package.
Excellent course contents, and the instructors helped to successfully completing the course
Very good course and I felt that the lessons were very in-depth without being overwhelming.
It was really an enjoyable and fantastic course thanks google for the design such a course
Course delivery >>> awesomeCourse content >>> well-detailedKnowledge testing >>> top notch
instructor is very good and he has a very deep knowledge about all the  things he teaching
such interesting and valuable course which I ever liked during my studies computer science
THANKS for making it easier for everyone! Appreciate your lecture with enthusiasm Victor!!
Quite a lot of information, getting fairly difficult and a lot to understand and remember.
Exceptional course.  Information is dense, yet presented in a way that isn't overwhelming.
Quite hard but at the same way is one of the most complete and reliable courses I ever had
Extremely in depth and well-rounded networking content provided in easy to digest "bytes".
While the labs were a bit annoying, I appreciate the opportunity to lean about networking.
I have always loved to learn and this course was one of my favorites of all times!  Thanks
Excellent! Very dynamic and engaging instructors who do a great job teaching the material.
great course, great technical details for understanding things running behind the curtains
Great intro to networking. Understanding how the 5 layer model works was very interesting!
There was so information to learn but the course always went strait to the point and clear
Challenging but informative. I learned how the internet, networking, cloud computing work.
"I needed to know the basics, and I got it!" From here I can expand. The future is bright.
Every minute aspects and details of the networking is covered in very simple and easy way
best guidkines i have ever seen. their details was bery clear. thanks for the opportunity
Very well explained. The instructor is very good and should consider teach in the future.
All Topics And All the things are Explained In depth.I'm Very Satisfied With This Course.
Course was very good. All details and informations provided in this course is informative
This Course goes in dept, exams are tricky but worth the time taken to study and earn it.
So many topics to learn, understand and information to absorb...it is very interesting!!!
Tons of information. All extremely useful and relevant. Glad to put this one behind me :)
I have really learned a lot about all computer networks and am glad am taking this course
Exceeded my expectations! Opened my eyes and mind to a new reality and new possibilities!
The most in-depth teaching approach to networking that you will get while sitting at home
Loads of information presented in an organized way for students to digest and assimilate.
This course is very interesting and extremely challenging, and, it is truly worth taking.
I strongly recommend this course for anyone who is thinking about following an IT career.
Really in-depth , well explained and a lot of background information provided. Excellent.
Awesome course very interesting and fully loaded with huge amount of learning materials.
Awesome course which gives complete basic knowledge about Networking and troubleshooting
Excelent course about networking, a very pragmatic and fun one. The teacher was awesome.
I learned how computers communicate with each other and how data is transmitted properly
Nice course, well presented.  Material was somewhat difficult, subnetting in particular.
I had fun learning a lot of complicated and interesting things in a short amount of time
Love it, so informative and makes it to where you can actually understand whats going on
I learn a lot on Network layer. I hopefully to learn more to be IT Professional Support.
A lot of information! But a lot of fun to learn how everything works together and flows!
It is an excellent option to start and get deeper knowledge about the IT role in general
This one was much harder, but was much more densely packed with new information to learn
Tons of practical information delivered in a straight forward and easy to absorb format.
A ton of great information delivered in a way that is easy to understand and build upon.
I never liked networking but this course has made me love it.Thanks Google and Coursera
The course needs more practical works for making the user more sharp on practical work.
Networking was a beast, but I muscled through it and now I can say, I've learned a lot.
Great course but little overwhelming with all that informationtakes time soak it all in
super cource and great work. litlle more about cloud computing can be added as flavour.
This was an intense course on networking. Took a lot of hard work, but I'm proud of it!
It was an interesting journey. I loved it.Always remeber that the future is tunnelless.
Awesome implementation of the networking which covers most of the intermediate details.
Quite A bit of information and worth every note that was taken and every video watched.
The way they explain everything is amazing I love Coursera and what they do. Thank you!
This is a wonderful course for building a strong foundation for a successful IT career.
Great course!!  Lots of excellent lectures that I will no doubt refer to in the future.
Was a bit heavy but I learned a lot. My gaps have been filled. Now I need the practice.
Great course! Lots of information in a short amount of time, but valuable information.
I have really lean a lot about networking and the instructors have a lot of experience
A bit difficult but used up course to learn. Just  don't give up on last 3 there weeks
Hard, and very intensive, but very fun and informative can't wait for the next course!
I am highly benefited of this course. I will definitely do more courses from coursera.
Excellent refresher, New Concepts Learned, the way it should, Thanks Coursera Team....
The course was very helpful. More clarification on sub-net mask would be very helpful.
This course is really challenging but so worth the effort.  Great presentation skills.
it is the best module for the people who wants to learn something about the networking
This course was excellent.  I learned a lot and am looking forward to the next course.
Great course. I learned quite a bit. Look forward to the other modules in this course.
I loved the instructor, he was great at teaching, and very supportive and encouraging!
Great to review all the technical stuff to get a better understanding how things work.
Amazing course!!! Love the material and the instructor. Definitely recommend it 1000%
A very helpful course. Now I know how i am communicating to coursera via internet....
A great introduction to the fundamentals of Computer Networking! Highly recommend it.
Absolutly amazing! I already have a networking background, but I learned more things!
thanks to coursera and google for such a great opportunity to step forward in future.
Somewhat complicated material but definitely worth it. I feel like I learned so much.
This course was really helpful and I am encouraged to do course 3. Thank you, Google!
Excellent course ! One of the best courses I have seen on Coursera ! Thanks Google !!
I enjoyed this course of learning how to do Computer networking. It was a lot of fun.
My recommendation for anyone thinking about this course is to enter without thinking.
An enjoyable course that gave me some practical information in the area of networking
I really liked this course. So much to still learn, but this gave a great foundation.
While this course was very difficult, I thoroughly enjoyed learning about networking.
This course was challenging while still being accessible. A good learning experience!
Amazing Course Love it and going to complete other IT SUPPORT COURSES , very excited
Thank you for such simplified and understandable introductions to IT infrastructure.
I liked how the instructor simplified the complex materials of the course. Great job
its very amazing to have this content not very deep but its all we have very amazing
FANTASTIC Course! Looking forward to the rest of the IT support professional course.
A very good course to learn about networking as a whole. The content is really nice!
Very good course, I learned a lot, thanks to the instructor for all this information
good content with clearly explain all topic, thanks google for creating this course.
Very happy that I took this course...Thanks coursera for this amazing opportunity...
great course. We have learned a lot of things about networking, cloud and many more.
This is a perfect course for me. I have learnt what i never expected to have learnt.
Googlers make seance of the computer network and how they communicate to each other.
Pack with knowledge of basic computer networking. I've learned a lot in this course.
I appreciate the content; was a bit heavy but indeed, "was a great one."Kudos all...
Great basics and will be helpful and a start if going to pursue career in networking
so far so good, you get what you give, i do wish it didn't cost but nothing is free!
Lots of helpful material and well put together. A live chat option would be helpful.
Very entertaining and enlightening course, highly simplified very helpful materials.
Those first 3 weeks for someone with little to no knowledge were quite a experience.
Great ! Very thorough and show the complexity of it and the beauty. It's amazing !!!
IPv6 Compression was challenging but, it was worth the extra time to understand it.
Excellent course that clears basics of computer networking with real-life examples.
Learned so much about networking. Feel super accomplished but hungry to learn more!
I loved this course. I really enjoyed with it. It was very interesting and helpful.
Very informative and useful for beginners who knows nothing about computer networks
There could have been a bit more of a prompt for creating non-overlapping networks.
easy to understand but there is some practical of wifi range that quite confusing.
This is very enjoyable and full of information to learn with. Thank you very much!
It's a very very good course, i enjoyed it and i will save it , its very helpfull.
Great Teaching and Great Learning. Appreciate the real efforts of the Instructors.
It really completed every bits of networking. Had so much fun solving its quizzes.
It's a hard course 2 but when you are done it gets better the more you learn it xD
Keep learning a lot in this course.  It keeps building and introducing new topics.
very challenging every step of the way, really makes you think and take your time.
i have all weeks perfectly .this course was good for gaining knowledge on networks
Amazing course that help me to know more about networking and enhancing my skills.
satisfactory course. i'll recommend all neworking engineers to do this. Thank you.
I enjoyed the structure of this course and the excellent coverage of each section.
This Course amazing and knowledge full for Networking student or networking seeker
Harder than I thought...I learned a lot! Very enjoyable and I recommend it highly.
It is quite an informative course and gives a better way to learn about Networking
This course teaches so much about networking that I didn't know and wanted to know
This is a great course though its a bit tough even if you enter with basic skills.
I have always wanted to know more about networking. Thank you Google and Coursera!
Solid and comprehensive coverage of fundamentals of computer networking. Good job!
It was very insightful it had material the help understand the rest of the course.
I am a networking major student and I can verify that this is an excellent course.
Excellent Course, could use a little more hands on practice to enhance the skills.
It was fun and love how short the videos are so I can take mini breaks in between.
Challenging but provides a deeper understanding that is needed in today's IT world
My favorite part was writing about how all the 5 layers worked together! Excellent
It was a tough course but I have leant a lot in this course was a interesting one
Tons of information but easy to follow and only goes into the needed information.
the instructor was very good ...learned lots of new things ....thank you coursera
The mentors helped a lot for the learning and I really enjoyed the class and good
a very useful course for one who wants advanced knowledge in computer networking.
I learned very much and liked very much the course! Thank you GOOGLE and COURSERA
very good and interactive course . im very much like this course , i love google.
I learnt a lot in this course about how actually internet in the background works
Amazing experience, thanks to the instructor, made everything sound easy. Cheers!
Really great course....not too long but very informative with real world examples
Very good course, a lot of detailed items which helped me get through this course
Networking Concepts are amazing and this course made me to learn more about them.
WoW there was so much, really enjoyed every aspect!.Even the bumps in the road :)
I really loved how the instructor makes every concept super simple to understand!
Very Intense and a lot of information, but it was well thought out and explained.
Helps to recollect my knowledge in real time. I am very much satisfied. Thank you
Awesome course! It's not easy but you feel confident after finishing this course.
Very informative and rich. Dense information that I will return to in the future.
I thought this course was structured really well and I found it very informative.
Very interesting networking course! Very practical and fast learning experience!!
An exceptimal course, challenging and fun, learn a lot. Just keeps getting better
This was a great refresher and taught how a packet gets from one place to another
A very interesting and life changing course I will never forget in my life time.
Some minor inconsistencies but the course overall explains everything very well!
lots of information about data handling and transmission, with lots of acronyms.
it was great to learn all basics of networking, looking forward for next course.
The tutor was very amazing and taught every concept in a very understandable way
excellent,supper amazing course by super energetic,amazing,brilliant instructor.
this course was amazing . i just love it . i completely grow up with this course
Great lessons for basic understanding of networking. A good start for beginners.
This course helped me to understand the whole structure in which internet works.
I found it very challenging but I do feel that I learned a lot from this course,
it was great and i am so happy to have this chance thanks Google thanks coursera
best and very informative course with much of data covering related to the topic
Awesome, though I was over charged...instead of 17000 naira, I paid 20000 plus..
Amazing Experience of learning this, though having good knowledge of networking.
Course material was presented in a manner that was easy to learn and understand.
Very good course. Full of useful and helpful knowledge, and very well presented.
I have really learned a lot from the this course and the instructor was amazing!
very in depth and detailed course definitely a great introduction to networking.
I feel this course was very informative while being easy to get through and fun.
I LOVE IT . CONCISE AND INTERESTING . HOWEVER FEELING OVERWHELMED , GREAT COURSE
Well structure course that provides a good understanding of computer networking.
this is just amazing,I have learned a lot about networking and troubleshooting.
Excellent module very detailed,  displayed in a way that anyone can understand.
Very well done course. Easy to understand while providing valuable information.
fun! I wish they used more animations/visuals though. Kudos to the instructors.
Very detailed and informative with occasional challenges that keep you engaged.
There is a lot of good information and this was not as easy as I was expecting.
It was a wonderful course and I learned a lot of networking concepts in detail.
This is really well designed course for all who wants to start their job in IT.
It was a little bit tougher than my previous course, but well worth the effort!
Lot of interesting and helpful material. Enjoyed learning the course material.
Helps for newbie like me to understand more about networks and how it operates
At a certain time it was tricky but very interesting.I really love the course.
An excellent course that allowed me to learn the basics of networking, thanks.
I really like course but Routing path and subnets was not clear to understand.
Very informative and helpful course. This course set the basics for you in IT.
This module was very intense and stocked full of very interesting information.
Very detailed that i understood many concepts that i never could learn before.
Very nice , must learn, gives good insight of networking. very nice experience
Lots of good information. I look forward to applying it all in the real world.
Really Hard but worth it. Would repeat the courses for a better understanding.
great experience learning about the concepts of data communication and netwoks
the course is very fun and beginner friendly with creative grading activities.
One of my weaker areas. Really helped me understand the areas I was unsure of.
A class that will challenge even seasoned network engineers on there knwoledge
A lot of good material for both the experienced and inexperienced. Invaluable!
Intimidating and challenging, but ultimately fulfilling and quite informative.
Very helpful review of what is going on behind the scenes of what computers do
Difficult but a great course and it is presented in an open and engaging way.
A very good course. Instructor has presented the concepts very well. Enjoyed.
This is a very thorough introduction to computer networking.  Great delivery!
Course is good, but the main problem is everything provided is in very brief.
The best course for networking. Explains each and everything from the basics.
Great overview of networking technology clearly explained by a great teacher.
Enjoyed it, content well laid out and explained in a fun and engaging format.
Amazing course with lots of important stuffs. A lot to learn from this course
The course made my head hurt trying to remember it all and understand it all.
This course has really shown me some of the benefits of networking in fullest
Fun and super educational course to help people understand networking better!
A lot was learned, was challenging with certain topics, but absolutely useful
VERY GOOD AND CLEAR INFORMATION TO GET ANYONE STARTED TO THE NETWORKING AREA
Please give me the certificate of this course I not received the certificate
Excellent informational videos - easy to understand and absorb the material!
It was hard but you guys made it easier than any other thing I used to study
Fantastic! Covers so many aspects of networking... including mobile and WAN!
A really great course to learn computer networking even if you are beginner.
Wonderful course as a beginner but some concepts need to be  dealt in detail
great course, lot of new things to learn. looking forward for future courses
Great Instructor. Learned a lot  about various areas of networking.  Thanks!
Thanks a lot for such a great course, I really enjoyed attending this course
Amazing and the fact that you can download the vids and text.........amazing
Wow great handling of such complicated and technical aspects of this subject
I learned SO much. I thought this course was excellent and very well set up.
Awesome course.  I learned so much from this challenging but doable course.
hard course and long study still need to review the materials over and over
pretty amazing and challenging course and worthy of the time you will spend
I'm really glad I'm doing this course. I intend to complete it and do more.
It was very very useful experiences, but a little bit tricky labs in week5.
Excellent course! Definitely worth to study and recommend to all beginners!
This was a very good course and taught me very useful things in networking.
An excellent course for a foundamental theme as netyworking, thanks for all
He explains well the course was well done decipte the hard things inside it
Heads up! This course is very dense but Alex made it fun with his puns haha
Comprehensive overview of networking in an easy to understand presentation.
Best course if you are a beginner and eager to learn most about networking.
It was great.  The course did it's best to make the complex understandable.
I've worked in the IT field for years. I think this is an excellent course.
This Course will give all you need to start your career in Networking field
I am so intreted at this course but I don't have the finanace fro it .thnks
Awesome. Learned a lot. Can't wait to finish the other 4 courses remaining.
Thanks really need it ,that information was crucial for my academic level .
It has been an amazing journey, can't wait for the next course. Thank you.
An Awesome course. I think Anyone can understand with this type of course.
very excited and excellent course one should take.very informative.thank u
Great course - learnt a lottt of stuff ! The instructor was just amazing!!
Great course! I learned a lot. Ready to get hands on with more networking.
This course is absolutely incredible and i really enjoy learning this way.
I enjoyed learning more about networking including history, ipv4 and ipv6.
I learned so much from this. I really can't wait to start the next course.
Its really very good course for freshers and for experienced holders both.
Excellent information with appropriate challenges that guarantee learning.
I am learning so much this is IT education at it's best! Thank You Google.
The hardest course that I have taken on Coursera and the most rewarding!!
It is really wonderful course to make a good base on basics of networking
Best Network introductory class that you can ever find on the web I guess
This was really very useful course for me..And I learned a lot of things.
Very interesting.  I now have a good understanding how a network works !.
What I really found interesting was the in-depth overview of IP addresses
Such a great course! The lessons are well thought out and easy to follow.
Great course, really did a great job on bringing a novice to the IT world
Great Course!  Learned a lot of skills to be used in my current position.
A great course to learn about networking and the future of IP addressees.
very hands on project that enpowered thinking behaviors loved this course
lots on interesting information that well be very beneficial to tech work
Good course on the behind scenes of computer networking and the internet.
Great course.  Definitely learned alot.  Videos and instructors are great
Very comprehensive course! Tough but worth it if you are getting into IT.
Very informative, challenging, and a way to develop more network skills.
small audio hiccup in the DNS video in week 6, but the transcript helped
very well put together, gives all the tools you will need to understand!
Great course of instruction.  This is challenging, but worth the effort.
Exceptional throughout the Course The Mentor The Assignments Everything.
It was fantastic and more additional information according to networking
really interesting and informative, looking forward to the other courses
If you want to learn about computer network than this course is for you.
Thanks it helped me understand some basic concepts about the internet :)
Wonderful course, truly explains the plumbing that the internet runs on.
Great course!, very easy to follow, the concepts are very well explained
Every one should take this course...regardless what your career path is.
Cheerful and enthusiastic presenter. Well paced, good technical content.
Very good! It would be helpful to have more real-life training exercises
Deep study of how the bits and bytes are communicated between computers.
Excellent course content, feeling almost like a pro and grateful for it!
Great course. Lots of technical stuff to learn. Take your time to learn.
Awesome course! Instructor did a great job making everything relatable.
The course was amazing they covered all the topics with a detailed view
Great course with great tutor. Every ideas, concepts are understandable
its easy to learn with them, so thank you a lot for being good teachers
I learned lot of from networking. It was a great experience. Thank you!
I am very satisfied with the course ,and very practical for the future.
it was very important and helped me a lot in troubleshooting a network,
Very informational and educative course. Thank you Google and Coursera!
I loved this course, even though it was quite hard in the first 2 weeks
So good, the teacher engages you in the topic; and you can learn a lot!
very good base knowlage, lots of subjects coverd. very satisfied thanks
Great course for the beginners as well as experienced IT professionals.
Great course, lots of good and very up to date content! Very effective.
excellent content for a fast quick introduction to computer networking!
this course strengthens fundamentals of Networking..get to learn a lot.
ufff! Learnt a lot of concepts. Now everything on head is crystal clear
Very interesting and informative. Learned a tone of useful information!
its very intensive and there is a lot of info but its totally worth it.
Thanks for all the efforts that made these courses publicly available.
Learning more and more about the I.T. field. Can't for the next course
Tutor was very good at all,I wish further courses will be taken by him
Great way to learn! I loved every minute of it! Keep up the great job!
Much harder that the Tech Fundamentals Course, but it was still great.
Amazing Course the INstructor is very friendly and easy to understand.
Really enjoyed this course and learned a ton of useful things. Thanks.
I found a lot of useful info there. Network layers are very important.
Amazing, knowledge on the comfort of your home is priceless. THANK YOU
learned a lot of things that i didn't know - really helpful, thanks :)
I really like these, everything is presented in a very digestible way.
Truly encompasses the entire basics of all networking. Amazing course!
Excellent course for a beginner to learn for basic networking concept!
Loved every minute Great job Coursera and KUDOS to the Instructors!!!!
I think that we need more practical task, but it's a very good course.
I have truly enjoyed all that I have learned and look forward to more.
Fantastic course about basics of computer networking. Would recommend!
Great course, excited to continue my education in this wonderful field
Got to learn about ipv6 and cloud .thanks Team google and trainers..!!
Professionally crafted for starters, and a great opportunity to learn.
I learned some heavy information in this course and it is much needed.
great explanations and details about the nuts and bolts of networking.
nice depth of study and overview - looking forward to the next course!
Like the whole thing! The instructor is good@his explanation! Yup :-)
amazing course very important for those who want a career in IT world
Great Course, I've learned a lot of new information about Networking.
Great experience and learn lot's of new thing with excellent teacher.
This was engaging and challenging. Looking forward to the next course
A great course provided by google and Coursera It was really helpful.
I've learned about computer networking very well through this course.
it's great to learn basic it helped me to get A in my masters subject
Hard but amazing so helpful to understand how networking really works
Best Course  , cover all topic which is required for basic networking
A lttle tough but totally worth it to understand how networking works
Excellent course for learning almost  every fundamental of networking
Helpful and amazing course for beginners as well as for professionals
Its a very good course for beginner who are interested in networking.
Very Interesting course and a good base to start learning networks!!!
Iam totally satisfied with the course. Thanks to coursera and google.
Partially tough material but very interesting and usefull. Loving it.
Ipv6 is now something I can compress very easily with my eyes closed!
Difficult concepts made easy? I was skeptical honestly but It's true!
I found this course to be helpful both personally and professionally!
Very informative! I learnt a lot of networking skills in this module.
It was very informative and I know a lot more than by reading a book.
Excellent course, good didactic, easy to understand, well exemplified
very good very tough course!! so much useful information! thank you!
Great course to really understand the basics of computer networking.
It was good.Very well taught.Precise and Accurate.Thankyou Coursera.
Understood basics of computer networking very well. Thank you.......
A great course to take if you want to learn detail about networking!
Great course by Google. Explaining networking in very easy language.
Awesome Course, great for information and motivation to pursue more.
This course kicked my butt, but it provides very useful information.
This Course is help to basic knowledge of  networking.It's excellent
i loved every module about bits and bytes of computer networking!!!!
I love the course very technical and informative. I learned so much.
amazing Course, a lot of learning at the end of it all. worth it all
very informational! I feel even more prepared for when I take my A+!
Outstanding! (and also very challenging, but very rewarding as well)
Great summary of skills needed to understand and diagnose a network.
A ton of information to take in, but very well done and informative.
Very good, but some exercises in Quiz didn't work in Mozilla firefox
I learned a lot from this course hop to continue this in the future.
Very informative. I'm a visual learner and these courses are great!
I really enjoyed this course I learned a lot about IPv6 compression
Best courses and it  was useful for beginner like me.Thanks Google.
Lots of great information! the videos are very clear to understand.
Touches all the basics of networking elegantly and comprehensively.
The instructor was very good he made the course easy to understand.
very intense and interesting. i will definitely be recommending it.
Great content and the instructor is so inspiring! Thank you Google!
Well taught, well documented and thoroughly (and fairly) evaluated!
The Instructor just makes everything so easy. Big thumbs up to him!
I really admire the way the concept taught for computer networking.
I really enjoyed the course and learned fundamentals on networking.
Its been very fascinating and wonderful experience on these course.
the course was realy helpful to uderstand the concept of networking
Great course, well paced, objectives and content clearly presented.
Good information, presented in a way that is pretty easy to digest.
Great lessons on networking, love the videos and the people in them
Thanks Victor and the team for a really concise but helpful course!
The course is good, it is a lot of material but easy to understand.
A great course, Great explanations and tons of helpful information.
Awesome learning material for visual learners. Thank you so much:-)
very interesting course, it is amazing to learn how networking work
Its a good refresher, if you already know the basic/majority of it.
Love the information provide and the way it's all explained. Thanks
Great course, they are trying their best to explain complex topics.
Effective course which really covers bits and bytes of networking.
It's little bit exhausting, but overall this course is recommended
This was an amazing course, I hope it helps me where I need to go.
Very detailed content on Networking. Great thanks to google team !
Easy to understand, short quiz and learning path is really helpful
A greatly organized course with every useful information possible.
Get detailed experience and learning about Networking, right here!
excellent intro to networking.i learned so much that i didnt know.
Very informative! I liked the guy they chose to do all the videos.
Best course for building strong foundation in the area of networks
There was a lot of information but highly critical in my learning.
This course was a wealth of information! It was also super tough!
Great course, lots of great material broken into digestible bits.
I learned quite a lot from this !Very clearly explained content !
Very useful but a little difficult because of the technical level
Very helpful starting from zero telling you how network is formed
Great course from Google, made it easy to understand the concept!
Great materials and awesome presentations. keep up the good work!
learning " The bits and bytes"  like digging the gold underneath.
Thanks to Victor Escobedo and whole team for an excellent course!
I found this course to be extremely difficult but very rewarding.
Tough but very informative I learned things I never knew existed.
I found it to be very informative. I learned a lot of new things.
I'm new to computer networking.This course really helps me a lot.
Great overview and technical fundamentals of computer networking.
Great course, great Instructor, great explanation and simplistic!
Very fruitful course. I have learnt a lot in computer networking.
Super interesting and easy to understand. I enjoyed it very much.
A lot of information, but presented in an easy to follow format.
Amazinggggg! I will be rewatching this just for fun again yay :)
Very deep and broad technical material. Thanks for this content.
best course for getting knowledge of networking from the basics.
Thanks for giving such a valuable knowledge in such a great way!
Thank you for taking interesting quizzes and practice questions.
Absolute perfect for beginners! Please continue this great work!
very interesting and educating course. i like the course so much
The delivery of the content is awesome and my style of learning.
Great material for networking basics and troubleshooting skills.
very complicated course study but very interesting and relevant.
very very extra ordinary course. it have used for every student
Really great course. Well presented in easily digestible bytes.
carefully curated material & precious to enhance once's skills.
Super dense material. Worth to revisit when i forget something.
Great experience, and really good practice using real machines.
Really good info here.  Enjoyed the instructor for this course.
A very awesome basic course to understand all networking bacis!
it was hard, but if you take good notes you can get through it.
Nice Course, I Like Part when identified overlap Frequency band
Great Course. By far, one of the best one I have ever attended.
Great course that's full of information of computer networking.
This was a very hard course I will have to come back to review.
More diagrams and animations should be shown in the discussion.
it is a a lot of good information, wasn't easy, well done guys.
I have enjoyed it as have learn a lot about history of computer
Great start to understanding networks, and the fundamentals of.
a lot of networking, make you became a master about networking.
Learned the values of The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking
Very good course. Tough, but stick with it and you learn a lot!
Much harder than course one but well worth it. Thank You Google
Outstanding wealth of knowledge and instruction in this course.
I was an amazing journey with the different networking topics.
Incredibly in depth. I can't wait to keep learning. Thank you!
It really did help with a basic understanding of the internet.
This course should be taken to know about complete networking.
The exercises and the resource for the course was really grate
Enjoyed  the course the more I had to put some effort into it.
good information to help tie together how networks bridge gaps
was not easy but with dedication and hard-work you can make it
This course was great. I have learnt a lot of technical terms.
They tell very nicely and it's impossible not to understand :)
Wonderful course to find a serious job opportunity worldwidely
Very comprehensive course on networking. A deep dive of sorts.
Foundation knowledge that I have ever learn. I love it. Thanks
Learned a great deal with this course, very engaging material.
An in-depth view into computer networking. Highly recommended.
Awesome course! Everyone starting an I.T. career should do it.
This one was difficult but I stuck with it and learned a lot..
This course challenged me quite a bit, and was very enjoyable.
A lot of good insight that I can certainly build on thank you.
Excellent information and lots of great learning opportunities
Really enjoyed the class and the learning format with Coursera
Excellent course to get the basics of networking, very useful.
Very intuitive insturctions, and practical quizzes, and exaxms
Excellent Materials , thanks to you Victor Escobedo and Google
this is one of the best online courseon networking i have had
man this was hard I'm so happy I made it through this course.
Totally Awesome Content for the beginners. It helps me a lot.
This is such a great course. I really enjoy learning all this
A perfect course to shape the mind with  networking concepts.
Wow! I loved it and learnt a lot from it. Thank you Google 
Great information and teacher. Thanks Google and Coursera!!!!
it has been a hard journey but trust me you get to learn alot
Very interesting, well explained, useful additional readings.
Great Course with the latest quiz question on high technology
the teacher was very pretty good ,, it was very useful course
I loved this course and learned so much more about networking
Nice lecturer. Explains complicated things in simple language
I learned a lot, more than I knew existed. Well craft course.
Information was well explained and there was a lot I learned.
I am very happy for this opportunity and the journey so far.
really good to understand networking terms and its functions
thats a very good course and the teacher explains very good.
its really very informative course and  easy to understand .
It was very hard to get threw will have to put in more work.
The course is awesome! The speaker is jolly and so positive!
Our tutor was excellent. I enjoyed every part of this module
I learn the lot of thing's, in the course that I don't know.
Great introductory course to the complexities of networking.
It is a great course to understand the basics of networking.
Great experience, enjoyed every bit of learning this course.
Great experience! So much stuff I learned about networking.
it is an amazing course , thank you so much for your effort
It was great opportunity and fun learning. thanks for this.
very much educative materials, and the tutor was awesome :)
Course is more interactive and Practical doubts are cleared
I could really learn bits and bytes of computer networking.
Cool! More complicated than Technical Support Fundamentals.
Thank you very much it was very interesting and informative
This course is good for understanding how networking works.
A challenging course that made me love the 5 layer process.
5 starts for the contentundecillion starts for the lecturer
A lot to learn, but it is comprehensive and understandable.
Great Course! Lots of Information condensed in this course.
Excellent course. Well-presented material. Good challenges.
i like the dynamic quiz but the some subjects are difficult
I am learning a lot and I have been enjoying this course!!
Thank you for this opportunity and thanks for your efforts
very easy to understand the concepts and how you explained
Very nice, fun, easy to understand, and useful. Thank you.
Challenging af but worth it and easily absorbed. Have fun!
Absolutely Awesome course with great people teaching it !!
Well explained - right amount of detail - very few errors.
Great syllabus, the instructor is great and very engaging.
Full of knowledge, easy to "eat" but not so to "digest"...
A very informative section for the beginner to the expert.
This course gave ans to many of my questions. thanks a lot
Amazing class, super clear, concise and quick to the core.
Awesome Course and training. Like the supplemental reading
IT WAS FANTASTIC COURSE:)LEARNT A LOT:)THANK YOU SO MUCH:)
Very challenging but great course. I really learned a lot.
Very good course, also not the easiest to pass. Good Luck!
Such an informative course. I really loved the instructor.
The way things were delivered was very effective and pure.
Very Technical, not so easy but worth a lot to take.Thanks
So educative, I must say, I really learnt a lot. Thank you
Good for someone who is looking for basics of networking .
Excellent breakdown! I can land a job with this knowledge.
Really Great, but consume a lot of time. It's really hard!
It's been a challenge and I've loved every minute. Thanks!
Internet under the hood a bit complicated but fascinating.
Great Content , Learned a tremendous amount of information
REALLY GOOD. NEED TO INCLUDE A LITTLE MORE PRACTICAL QUIZ
Tough course, gets interesting the deeper you go into it.
It is one of the best course. Acquired lots of knowledge.
Good material, challenging quizzes and helpful exercises.
This was a great course and I really loved it............
That was awesome! I'm looking forward to the next course!
well explained concepts plus excellent testing platforms.
I leran many interesting information and it was very fun)
ossam course design by google, i have clear my all douts.
I have really enjoyed this course...great job, well done!
Good learning platform for beginners in networking course
I thought this was a great course packed with information
Thorough review of this complex subject - well explained.
Thank to Google and coursera, for renewing my love for IT
Great class that has gotten back into tech and computers.
It was a challenging course but the context is manageable
there are lots of new information's we can learn easily.
Very informative and the supplemental reading help a lot
Amazed by the sheer amount of information in this course
Very nicely design and very informative course.Thank you
Very interesting and well informed course. Thanks a lot.
Really happy, could learn many complicated things easily
Enjoy the course and challenging mostly heavy on theory.
Great explanation, very comprehensive and understandable
An eye-opening course on computer networking. Fantastic!
A challenging course but an exciting course - thank you!
Dry topic but important and interesting. Happy to learn!
Lots of good information for a beginner and to catch up.
very difficult course but so worth it for the knowledge.
This course was great - it was thorough and well taught.
Very instructive.The instructors were amazing!!!!!!!!!!
Great, A little bit complicate this level but excellent
Great information on internet protocols and networking.
It is very good  course for Starting career in Network.
its a lot of information but keep going you will get it
A very good guide to learning the basics of networking.
Fantastic course! Very clearly explained with examples!
This was great. A broad intro into networking concepts.
Concise notes and real life examples and clear diagrams
It is a well-prepared course material and presentation.
awesome course, it's the meat of the meal!- I think lol
Very Detailed and breaks down all the topics very well.
I have learned so much and the videos are very helpful.
Organized and manged content, a lot of things to learn!
A lot of hard work but a lot of fun and very rewarding.
A lot if very good information and presented very well.
Learning a lot about the nuts and bolts of networking !
Good course for students and employees in network field
Not an easy course, but I learned a great deal from it.
This course was a lot for me, but was very informative
It is a wonderful and so informative course. Thank you
its a really knowledgable course one should go for it.
troubleshootinf and feature of networking little tough
it was very good for beginners and gave the good base.
Nice start to dive into networks. Overview and detail.
Great course. Well put together and easy to understand
course is super awesome. i have learn so much things..
Thanks for providing this wonderful opportunity to me.
It was awesome learning experience. Thank You Coursera
I learned so much that i had no idea about. Thank You.
Excellent material, easy to understand. Thanks Google!
Awesome course, full of knowledge, and great material.
Learning this course made Bits and bytes of myself ;-)
Taught me alot of little things I never knew!AWESOME!!
Basic skills need to learn to work as a nowaday IT guy
Fun and challenging. Great introduction to networking.
Very detailed and excellent course! Amazing instructor
Very detailed, but easy to understand.  Great lessons.
Man, week 3 really makes you work for it. Great stuff!
I become to know nitty-gritty about how network works.
Really great info and well worded! clear to understand
Professional and fun! Thank you! I have learned a lot.
Was a fun course and taught me a lot about networking
Good quality videos and a lot of useful informations.
Amazing content im definitely learning at my own pace
Wow, It wasn't easy but it's worth all your effort :)
Definitely enjoyed course and found very beneficial !
Dear  Sir,This course is great for gaining knowledge.
This is a great course, I`m glad to have completed it
Really Helpful for developing practical knowledge...
Incredible Study Material with amazing video sessions
Well structured course and very interactive materials
I am glad to have finished the course in just 3 days.
One of the best courses, I've learned alot thank you.
awesome.the instructor is so enthusiastic and simple.
Tough but interesting! Thank you for the opportunity!
Very interesting... Recommended for refresh concepts.
Could use more diagrams. Other than that it was great
It's amazing...The delivery on the lecture was superb
I learned a lot. Very detailed and neatly structured.
Fantastic course, great instructors, learned so much!
good explaination and not boring unlike other courses
Remarkable Experience so far,thanks to my Instructor.
Great visuals, hands-on activities and instructions.
It was a very interactive course, im glad to find it
The instructor was so eloquent and taught very well.
Amazing course, amazing professional! Thanks Google!
It's good for beginners to learn from such platform.
I earned a lot in the subject of Networking! Thanks!
Very good! Amazing material, and very easy to learn.
Amazing course, keeps you interested and I loved it.
What a JAM packed course with LOTS of technical info
A very good and career-oriented courseWorth doing-it
I learned a lot from this Computer Networking Course
Enjoyed the networking course as it was challenging.
Very Very technical stuff but I am very appreciative
it was hard at times but I learned many good things.
wonderfull introduction and detailed lessons as well
Great deal of information. Too bad it was too short!
This course was quite intense but very entertaining.
Very informative modules and easy to follow lessons.
Great course and in-depth learning about Networking.
Awesome. Hands-on Labs and Humor. That's Education!!
This was a tough one but I got it over and done with
Solid presentation of the fundamentals of networking
Great material that challenges you to keep learning.
a thing not to finish A challenge for lifeencouraged
Very informative & teaches ALL the essential basics.
Amazing course and great info and teaching approach
Easily explained and made me love with this domain.
very informative course, I enjoyed learning it all.
THIS WAS HARD!!! But awesome, as I learned so much!
Everyone should try this course it is very helpful.
Amazing  Experience ! And learnt so many new things
Excellent.Gave me a strong foundation in networking
Excellent speaker, I thoroughly enjoyed the course.
a lot of great knowledge ,feeling very accomplished
Excellent course! All thanks to Google and Coursera
help me build a solid foundation on basic concepts.
Awesome course! I can't wait to go to the next one!
Nice course to understand the basics of networking.
Amazing course, looking forward to learn even more.
An intense course, but lots of helpful information.
It was very helpful class for Updating my knowledge
Oh, the things I thought I knew about and now I do.
Very good content, present well and easy to digest.
Great course with superb explanations and examples!
Great course, great teachers, a lot of information!
Valuable content via easy words, an awesome course.
much rather do this than cramming professor messier
The best networking course I would ever recommend.
beginners can gain more knowledge from this course
very thorough and challenging but i learned a lot.
Amazing course to learn about computer networking.
A highly technical course that is worth your time.
It was an amazing experience i have learned a lot!
Great course, dense material explained thoroughly!
Excellent course to learn the basics of networking
Pretty tough one but it's worth it. thanks google.
Good course, but too technical, almost exhausting.
Great presentation! Learnt a lot about networking.
networking simplified for the not so techy people!
Incredibly in-depth dive into computer networking!
Good information for a beginner into the IT world.
so much info that I have always needed to know, ty
its good to study it. And got many things from it.
Best platform to study at home thank you great job
This is a very useful course developed by Google.
Excellent course and very simple and well taught!
This course is well put together and challenging.
So detailed and so informative... Awesome course.
Well written with increased levels of difficulty.
i an now a networking expert. thanks to coursera.
One of the best course in the field of networking
Very Informative,simplified and amazing explained
difficult, but not imposibble. thanks google team
Awesome Course Content. Google is Always Simple!!
Excellent Course by Coursera with real time tasks
it took al out out of me but was real interesting
Love the knowledge on how the internet has grown.
Great course with good teaching effort. Thank you
This course really helped, I love you googlers !!
i which there were more Practical and on lab quiz
Great in depth foundation on computer networking.
very informative but can get redundant and boring
This is a good introduction to networking course.
Introduces to network data transfer very nicely!!
the easiest way to learn a so-called hard subject
Excellent course to learn networking fundamentals
very helpful every point is explain very clearly
A great course to understand how computers works
one of the best networking course ever had!!!!!!
Amazing instructor that truly knows her stuff!!!
Loved the networking puns thrown in this module!
A must go through for every IT support out there
Best for Someone Who is New In networking field.
Loved the Course, Thank you Coursera and Google!
Amazing! I got to learn and expand my skill set.
Few Tools not run proper with for ip compression
And very fun and informative course!  Thank you!
Concepts were taught very lucidly. Great Course!
a lot technical stuff well expalined .Thank you!
Tons of interesting stuff and pretty challenging
well informed with details to grow as a IT agent
Very helpful review of the basics of networking!
Amazing interactive teaching with great tutors!!
Great information, but tough and really complex.
I'm learning a lot, I really want to keep going.
Excellent course. Very thorough and informative.
Very clear explanations, really good information
Excellent course. Very concise and to the point.
exceptional. loved it. Very practical and clear
I have learnt lots of things thank you so much!
Coursera best site online certification courser
Simply an Awesome job by the people from Google
Great Course . Instructor was very enthusiastic
very informative course.instructor is very good
Was very informative.  I actually earned a lot.
Solid course. More difficult than fundamentals.
Best Networking course for anyone out there!!!.
Glad I took up this course. Totally worthwhile.
It is actually very helpful to me. Thanks a lot
This course is hard, but I have learnt so much.
It is hard and a lot to take in. But very cool.
was really a great and knowledgeable experience
Worth Reading. very well explained every topic.
Fantastic Course. Keep up the good work Google!
A wonderfully in depth course, i learned a lot.
I was glad to finally know about Bits and Bytes
Very interesting information, very well taught!
great to get started on network, starting point
Very usefull information and interesting video!
One of the best courses on computer networking.
great mix of theory, application, and practice!
"Thank you Very Much VICTOR" and Thanks Google.
I've really learn a lot throughout this course!
This was a lot to learn but, i did learn a lot.
Great course for the basics.  Very interesting.
An excellent introduction to modern networking.
Very good course I had great time studying it.
Challenging with interesting twists and turns.
thank God he helped me through this last one!!
Challenging but very educational and worth it!
Amazing detail on the structure of networking!
Really great course with loads of information!
Awesome course. Very detailed and informative.
That is just too good to learn many things !!!
Best course on cousera for computer networking
Very good explanation and challenging quizzes.
Is a good course to do whit lot of information
very great program to refresh all my knowledge
Great course before you take the CCNA examine.
Very educational, informative and challenging.
great experience learning with victor escobedo
alot achieved and alot more to achieve. Thanks
Great introduction to the basics of networking
Well detailed course. Full of goo information.
Great work and great online practical training
great course lots of information for networks.
Great course, I have gained a lot of knowledge
Very detailed. At times a little overwhelming.
Truly super interactive and easy going course!
Its very useful you can learn a lot of things.
very well articulated on how networking works!
Great course and great information put ito it.
Very useful fundamental concept of networking.
I learned so much in these lessons. Thank you!
A lot of information. Worth the bit of stress.
A course to stretch your networking knowledge.
I learned a lot of concepts important to know.
great knowledge and great presentation for it
That was great. Thanks to al coursera family.
Really enjoyed the videos and the read alongs
good course to learn a depth about Networking
A great concept used and easy way of teaching
For the way of presenting this course. Thanks
This course was actually hard, but I made It!
Very interesting stuff,  Lots of information.
The course was very educational and difficult
Thank you Coursera and google for this course
Just interesting. it was very helpful for me.
Best Instructor and content is very in depth.
nice program to show you how networking works
Great content and amazing production quality.
Awesome networking learning with this course!
i thought it was very detailed and up to date
Hard but enjoyed every moment and learnt alot
Awesome!! Great explanation of complex topics
Great course well laid out and easy to follow
Good course for network fundamentals 5 stars.
Too much one can gain in such a short span!!!
Learned a lot about networking. Great Course!
This has been a very good, insightful course.
Lots of info! But was very fun to go through.
Very complete, and with detailed information
Really learned a lot of the basic networking
excellent course need more courses like this
Awesome love the course as well as the caoch
Very good course to get a hold of Networking
Loved every part of it. Thank you very much.
Best Knowledge Earned on Network and Routing
good experience . I learned a lot! Thank you
Challenging but I would definitely recommend
Great program for people who wants to learn.
It was a very good experience .... Thank you
Must do course for any IT support specialist
Great course. A real eye opener of a course.
Extremely difficult and extremely rewarding.
Wonderful teachers and great content... A+++
Great course! I learned a lot of new things!
Very good course, the delivery is excellent!
Great intro into and overview of networking!
Excellent for newcomers. Nice easy approach.
Stepping stone to the vast Networking field.
a little bit more complicated, but necessary
Great course. A good overview of networking.
Especially good at explaining the OSI model.
It's an interesting and well compiled stuff.
Best simple way to explain how network works
Fascinating stuff and very well presented :)
Great learning materials, I've learned a lot
Great videos that explain how networks work.
this course has been amazing and so helpful
Great information! Like how it is presented
That was hard and fun but I finish it yeah!
So much information so organized so excited
Such a fun course with lots of information!
This course was awesome. I learned so much!
very insteresting, helpful and illustrative
Fantastic course. Unbelievably informative.
Very Good Course and Challenging. Thank you
Please teach some interesting networks lab.
A well balanced, nicely explained tutorial.
Excellent, very complex, but its necessary.
I really love to spend my times on coursera
great teacher... great content. well worth.
Super Useful!!! Cant wait to keep learning!
Well structured and very informative Course
So educative with a wide range of materials
this course reinvent my love for networking
it was amazing to learn .. also lot of info
This course worked my brain, which is good!
Really good one. you learn a lot from this.
Great intro to networking. Very recommended
super interesting, real learning experience
Really superb course for networking basics!
I'm satisfy with all i have learned, thanks
Great and fun course.  I really enjoyed it.
A very interesting course. Thanks Google :)
I loved learning the details of networking!
Good information, glad I took this course.
very informative and well organized course
A spectacular course that really helped me
A must needed course for networking newbie
it very challenging for me. Amazing course
One of the best course on networking ever.
great refreshing course!!!!! thank you!!!!
Well structured, explained and presented!!
Google is really Awesome.Thank you Google!
very challenging but I have learned alot !
Such a great way to learn the bones of IT!
excellent accompanying study power points.
This is a very informative and fun course.
Very informative and I couldnt be happier.
Very informative and easy to follow along!
Challenging at times. verall learned a lot
great course to give you the understanding
This course was challenging and rewarding.
Good refresher course regarding networking
Excellent course, lots of good information
Great explanation with practically set up.
It's a Great Course! Thank you!!!!!! (^_^)
One of my favourite subject is networking.
love it! easy to learn and do by yourself.
HIghly informative with a decent challenge
So amazing learns here. I liked so much :)
All was super!!! Thanks Victor and Google.
This one took me the longest to complete.
as usual, love every product from google!
Excellent work I thank you guys very much
Made me work and think.  I learned a lot.
I would of liked more practical projects!
very in depth and packed with information
Best course to learn basic of Networking.
Best introductory networking out there!!!
very beneficial course learn extra things
Superb Course I have learned in Coursera.
The whole experience was sooooo amazing..
Really useful content and well explained.
Pretty intense with a lot of information.
Great introduction to computer networking
This was straightforward I learned a lot.
Almost all is theorical by is very useful
Amazing job teaching this awesome course.
Lots of great information in this module.
Funny and engaging the whole way through!
Better the the first course. Less errors.
I did learn some updates in technologies!
I learned a lot in this course. Thank You
Entertaining and very educational course.
Best networking course Ever! Thanks guys
Was Amazing! Nice work Google Team... :D
amazing teaching and its really helpful.
lot covered pretty good for intro course
Very good material, a lot of information
It was tough & worth It! Still climbing.
the course was excellent I learned a ton
I really liked the interactive questions
I learned alot in this course thank you.
Incredibly in depth and very informative
Excellent presentation, I learned a lot.
has phenomenal visuals and info graphics
Great course with in-depth principles...
The course is amazing! Thank you google!
Very crisp and clear. Nicely explained !
Very good to learn networking protocols.
liked the course very much learned a lot
Da bomb!Ty google Another step achieved!
excellent teaching methodology thank you
Great material and excellent instructor.
I learned lots of thing in very easy way
IPV6 compression is fun. I like turtles.
Challenging module but great lecturers.
Totally awesome. Sergio is really good.
It's very challenging but it's worth it
methodical and well organized course...
Great Puns! Tough but enjoyable course.
The useful course for grow IT knowledge
I've learnt so many new things. Thanks!
Excellent way of teaching and learning!
Really helpful for learning networking.
The Great networking course i ever had.
The assignments are very well designed.
Great course, definitely learned ALOT!!
Best networking course for fundamentals
Challenging course but very well taught
Very in depth and easy to learn course!
Great instructor and very good course..
Great course with fun and smart videos.
Excellent course! Information overload!
Don't have anything to say actually !!!
Great Course except for the bugs in it.
very nice course, a real brain breaker.
Great material, brilliantly presented!
i have learned the bible of networking
It was difficult but worth the effort.
It was very informative but difficult.
teaching excellent,i enjoy this course
Way more informative. Liked it better.
good  but  the  best  comes  at week 6
Good course a lot of material to learn
Great course to learn about networking
gain lot of knowledge from this course
I love it, very good material, thanks!
Well laid out and clearly communicated
Loving the courses so far. Bring on #3
it was difficult but i manage to pass.
This course is very useful.excellent!!
Difficult, concise, and educational :)
It was an exciting learning experience
Great information! Very useful lessons
Thank you! Tons of useful information!
Challenging. Lot of useful information
So much to take in but great learning.
It was a lot to learn but i enjoyed it
it was a great learning experience...
Quite difficult, but very interesting
Excellent intro to IT and networking.
excellent course and very informative
Learn a lot interesting things today.
Interesting subjects...well explained
It's a great way to learn networking.
good way to learn about IPv4 and IPv6
I have learnt a lot from this course.
very inspiration and educative course
Amazing course with nice explanations
Great course. Can't wait to continue!
Very well designed and easy to follow
Excellent material, good explanations
wonderful content. Highly recommended
alot of information but it will help!
What a great course!Thank you so much
Very well taught and in depth course.
this course challenged me, thank you.
This was cool I really learned a lot!
have fun leaning about bits and bytes
Very fun and engaging, learned a lot.
Very informational and tough at times
Interesting and interactive professor
A fantastic course. Very interesting.
Week 3 was hard. Pay attention to it!
Excellent Course..Highly recommended.
Perfect course ! Thank you, Google...
A lot of information but well taught!
very concise overview of networking!
Very informative and well-organized.
Great course on computer networking.
Very informative and well structured
My learning experience was awesome..
the trainer's approach is impeccable
Thanks google for excellent training
Great course with great information.
Nice course with tonnes of knowledge
Excellent course, thanks to Coursera
Great introductory networking course
awesome and very beneficial course..
that was a lot of great information.
An educative but challenging course.
Thank you for providing this course.
Great videos and teaching materials.
I learned a lot but its very dense.
It was very difficult but I made it.
Really excellent. Thank you, Google!
very informative. Great, fun course.
Good material and quite challenging.
Great Experience and understandings
One of the best course done so far!
This course is highly enlightening.
Very well instructed, great course.
I strongly recommend this course =)
Really complex but loved it overall
It was boring, yet enjoyed somehow!
A great way to learn for beginners.
A really wonderful course!Thank you
I learned so much from this course.
content and explaination is amazing
one of the great course on Coursera
Great material. Excellent teaching!
This was a intense in depth course.
amazing experience with google team
Very difficult and very rewarding!!
good course content and very useful
Another great course!!! Thank you!!
awesome course a lot of information
Great course for wannabe IT pros...
great for learning about networking
Great course but a lot of materials
Exceptional material and presenter.
Kind of a tough one but a good one.
A challenging but worthwhile course
Amazing course.  Thank you so much.
Very smart and easy to learn class!
very nice course, pretty intensive.
honestly, hard. But not impossible!
A great introduction to networking.
Very well structured. Great course!
really useful and good resources !
Its Awmazing platform for studing.
Interesting and challenging course
Best course of IT networking I did
this was so difficult but worth it
This is a really challenger course
It was really a hard task to cover
Very exciting learning experience.
Great experience &l really enjoyed
Very Well Explained By All Tutors.
AMAZING COURSE TOTALLY RECOMMEND !
I liked and learned a lot.. Thanks
very interesting and useful course
that was fantastic... thanks a lot
Hard, but with lot of information.
Awesome course. I really liked it.
it was fantastic to say the least.
An incredible learning experience.
Great introduction to the subject.
Lots of information. Great course.
Good materials and instructor A+++
very useful....nice explanations..
wow..... Its amazing and I got it!
instructor was very understandable
Perfect depth in the explanations.
Great course ... i really enjoy it
Great Course ! Enjoyed Learning !!
Learning that you can enjoy doing.
Great help, lots of new knowledge.
i finish my course. it was great.
It was great. Thank you Coursera.
Difficult, but great information.
It was an excellent experience...
Great teachers and great platform
Got new Insight after this course
Awesome! I learned a lot! Thanks!
Great course. I've learned a lot.
Very good content! Great Course!!
Awesome.Knowledge Gaining course.
nice and useful to our daily life
Very technical but easy to master
This course will melt many brains
The V Neck crew were spectacular!
Absolutely recommend this course!
Very Informative and challenging.
These courses are so informative.
Hard Stuff! But very interesting!
So much information... Very nice.
Very well put together, Thank you
a lot of technical info to learn.
Can I get the 6th star, please :)
very easygoing and informational!
Very hard to complete in one week
it was tough, but very rewarding!
Very nice and interesting course
Best course provided by Google!!
ITS BEEN A GOOD FOR IT ENGINEERS
Its very useful and  informative
This one was no joke! Thank you.
it was great learning experience
Great foundational skill course.
Excellent work. Kudos to Google.
thanks for the amazing resources
Thanks to Coursera and Google!!!
great@ wow salute, hnin hnin aye
Great course. Super informative.
Very wonderfully designed course
It was very good and informative
A great course. I learned a lot.
Awesome course! You learn a lot.
excellent course for my platform
Very fun and challenging course!
Such amazing learning journey!!!
Amazing layout, easily explained
I think i learned a lot. Thanks.
Challenging but very Informative
An Amazing Program! It Worth It!
very in depth but understandable
Was a great way to update myself
Outstanding course and delivery.
more practical session is needed
Great entry point to networking!
Awesome Course. Very well taught
it was a great course, thank you
a very good introductory course
i think it's a fantastic course
I learnt and enjoyed the course
good experience and good course
Good basic knowledge developed.
Great opportunity . Thanks alot
great course, I learn too much.
I DIDN'T RECEIVE MY CERTIFICATE
Awesome course , Amazing tutor.
Thanks to Google and Coursera..
A lot of inf. But it's needed .
An useful and exhaustive course
good material course. thank you
Each topic Explained very well.
complicate but very interesting
A course that is actually worth
Difficult, but I learned a lot.
Excelent course!! Really learnd
I enjoyed the course very much.
Great course, at your own pace.
Great course. Very informative.
Nice entry-level network course
course was challenging but fun!
Really nice! I learned a lot :)
Great course! Very informative.
Amazing depth with this module.
Wonderful content to learn from
pretty tough but I learned alot
great way of explaining binary.
An awesome learning experience!
Great course and great instruct
Excellent course. Very helpful!
great course, very informative.
Great course.  I learned a lot!
very usefull and understandable
Thank you for this opportunity.
Nice Architects  thanks all :)
very satisfied and interesting
Thank you for this opportunity
more difficult than I expected
So hard, but finally I'm done.
This gives technical knowledge
wow great, it's experienced...
Very good course learned a lot
The course is very informative
Great course ! Learned a lot !
Google deos its best as always
Lots of details. Very helpful.
The instructor was THE BEST!!!
Very thorough and challenging.
You are the best! Thank you!!!
very informing and CHALLENGING
It is exciting and I loved it.
I love learning with coursera.
Very insightful and well paced
perfekt better then comptia a+
I learned a lot, great course.
greats materi very very greats
This is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have learned too much thanks
Really helpful and informative
well worth the time and money.
a little bit hard but was fun.
This is an INCREDIBLE COURSE!!
I really enjoyed this class!!!
I love the program I enjoy it!
It's a great course recomended
That is very important course
Very informative and engaging
absolutely amazing experience
Awesome Course for Networking
very informative . loved it !
Amazing course, very detailed
Superb course abt netwoking!!
I love to learn from the best
challenging, but interesting.
the best course for beginners
IT was tough but interesting!
Awesome and a fun experience.
Amazing opportunity to learn.
All were good in this course!
Designed as very smart course
I love this course very much.
Loved IT. you get it right.IT
It is very informative course
the most interesting course !
Great course, i learned a lot
great ..thanks to instructors
Love it!!! I learned so much.
Good overview and content .!!
it was little bit challenges
Amazing course on Networking
THE INSTRUCTOR IS SUPER COOL
This course was just awesome
Good info, and great content
very walkthrough and helpful
Challenging and informative!
Very nice informative course
Great section on Networking!
Great course! Thanks to all.
Awesome foundational course!
good and resourceful course.
It was amazing for beginners
Amazing Networking course!!!
extremely challenging course
This course was great thanks
Excellent networking course.
Great course for networking!
Fantastic! I learnt so much!
Challenging but good content
lots of helpful information.
Awesome proud of this course
Awesome course for beginners
This course is so so mature
Too technical and difficult
Lots of useful information.
excellent way of learning!!
great course for foundation
Best course for networking.
Great and very difficult :D
It is an interesting course
Very detailed and explained
Difficult but WELL WORTH IT
Very nice and good learning
Great course lots of info!!
this instructor is amazing.
It was an amazing experince
Great info and instructors.
awesome and broad knowledge
Love you Google !! For this
Cindy was a great teacher !
Tough but knowledge packed.
Challenging and informative
Amazing learning experience
Pretty good, I love it!!!!!
Very nice and to the point.
Awesome course. I'm stoked.
Great very in detail course
very challenging and worthy
The course is mind blowing
This course is super cool.
A loot of info, but great!
Very Satisfactory and Good
Great intro to Networking.
Well taught and explained!
Excellent way of teaching.
Practical aspects was good
It was great thanks a lot.
great course easy to learn
Great opportunity to learn
Excellent So much to learn
Great course for Beginners
A little bit challenging:)
Thank you for this course.
Very Important to every IT
Very beneficial. Thank you
What a ride! Great course!
Supre interesting course !
Very informational course.
So much information...wow!
Deep but very informative!
Great intro to the basics.
super hard and interesting
it was very understandable
That was awesome course!!!
very difficult and useful!
Havey info, amazing course
Thank you for this course.
Great entry level course.
Really excelente course !
It was more than amazing!
Lots of Challenging stuff
Hard course but worth !!!
It was a good experience.
i really enjoy the course
Really well put together.
Amazing and very helpful.
really enjoyed the course
Mind blowing information!
Very Interesting course!!
Great and very educative.
harder than the first one
best i hope next one also
Challenging but rewarding
Very good and informative
took longer than expected
Google course, the best !
IPV6 lessons very helpful
Very good course content.
This is very good course.
learned alot great course
love it i learned so much
Critical but learn a lot.
Interesting and detailed!
Very very useful content
Waiting for certificate.
Very interesting, thanks
Nice course for students
Thank you for the course
Its been a great journey
it is very useful course
Simple and Knowledgeable
Great Technical content!
it was so helpful cource
Awesome and informative!
I've learnt many things.
a lot of new information
I actually learned stuff
that was a great course.
valuable info.....Thanks
Great Challenging course
Great material and jokes
This was a great course.
Very challenging so far!
well put together course
A wealth of information!
very useful and good !!
Very, very challenging!
I have learned a lot!!!
this is a great course,
This is the nice course
The Course was awesome.
Informative course ever
Quite a challenging one
Great networking course
It's an amazing course.
excellent!!thankyou ...
Nice journey. Thank you
it was good experience.
Difficult but rewarding
Great, and challenging.
difficult but rewarding
Great course. I love it
This Was Tough. Thanks.
it was very challenging
a really amazing course
that's just incridible.
very interesting course
Awesomely illuminating.
VERY USEFUL and helpful
great course. Loved it!
Awesome, learned a  lot
This course is awesome!
This is a great course.
I'm learning so much!!!
this course was trivial
the kid knows his work
very helpful thank you
This course is awesome
this course is awesome
Really valuable course
Toooo much information
Perfect Job instructor
That was really great!
Great course it is....
Lot of items I leaned.
Lots of good material!
osm course for bigneer
I am beyond satisfied.
Enjoyed it thoroughly.
Tough but interesting!
Good knowledge explore
This course was great!
It is a great course.
I have learned a lot!
Very fun and helpful!
very rewarding course
such a amazing course
Great course. Thanks.
This course is useful
Excellent, thank you!
Really awesome course
Great course overall!
It was a great course
NO REGRET, I AM HAPPY
high quality delivery
it was a great course
The teacher is great.
Everything is great!!
Very good course!!!!!
It's amazing course..
AWESOME!! Great class
Extremely informative
Great content, Thanks
Learnt tons of things
very real world stuff
its tough but awesome
Worth byting through
Pretty Interesting !
perfect for learners
That was challenging
interesting material
very nice experience
it is awesome course
very tough and good!
This a great course.
this was challanging
I enjoyed the course
Its very Nice course
So much information.
Loving this course.
it was very usefull
very good expirence
Loved the Course...
Outstanding course!
Give Victor a raise
A very Good Course!
Super Informative !
This was super fun.
It was fun to learn
lots of information
Excellent Teaching!
I loved the course!
Challenging and fun
enjoyed and learned
Very useful course.
Very informational!
Very comprehensive!
the course is great
good for the brain.
Great instructor :)
It was pretty good.
I'm learning a lot.
Get ready to learn.
Enjoyed this class.
i have learnt a lot
you're the best!!!
Amazing to learn..
Thanks opportunity
This was one hard!
It was really hard
it was very useful
Really enlightning
Awesome Thank You!
Thanks Mr. Victor.
Great information.
perfect! Good Job.
Totally, worth it.
veryhelpfullcourse
Outstanding course
Interested course.
Really nice Thanks
Really interesting
I passed so great!
Hard but worth it!
Super informative!
huge and difficult
Very good so fare!
Thank you so much
A Great Challenge
awesome course!!!
Great Course. : )
Great Information
That was Awesome!
Thanks to Google.
Very Informative.
Wonderful Course!
Very nice course.
Learned so much !
Great information
A splendid course
very informative.
Quite informative
Very informative!
totally recommend
THANK YOU Victor!
Great, good level
FANTASTIC COURSE
good to learning
Great instrater.
Amazing Course !
Very Good course
good information
Good Experience.
course was great
The best ever !!
So much to learn
awesome course !
loved the expert
Very informative
worth the hustle
Amazing teacher!
It was very nice
I learned a lot.
I learned a lot!
love this course
That was awesome
Really In-depth!
Too many things!
Great experaince
Amazing course.
It was awesome.
very thank full
Great course :)
I learned a lot
learned so much
Really so good.
Great feeling!!
As always best.
Awesome Journey
amazing course.
THANK YO GOOGLE
Very satisfied.
yoo hard course
Hard and worth!
Great knowledge
Amazing Course.
Amazing Journey
Love the course
IT was the best
Great course 
great thank you
Great Course!!!
awesome course!
Has everything!
Great job guys!
Tough but good!
This was great!
Great course :)
Really Awesome
Awesome Tutors
really indepth
Awesome curse!
i learned alot
v. good course
Really helpful
Simply Supperb
Happy learning
Very Satisfied
This was great
Very thorough.
Really useful!
Learned a lot.
It's worth it!
A lot to learn
Great Love it!
pretty good :)
very useful :)
Very pleased.
Very thorough
Great....!!!!
It is awesome
It was great.
Good to learn
good sessions
learned a lot
Great course!
Greath course
Really useful
Love it!!!!!!
Thanks!!!!!!!
It was agreat
Well planned!
It's so good.
Breath taking
Just Awesome!
good course!
satisfactory
Tons of fun!
Very usefull
Just Awesome
interresting
good content
really great
good concept
That's great
It's awsome.
overall good
good content
Very Usefull
great Course
Learned alot
Very clear !
Good course!
Love it Sir.
Good one....
not easy :)
Good cource
loved this!
Good Course
loved it :)
Recommended
Mind blown!
Ouf Finally
Good times.
Many thanks
good course
cool! couse
really good
I Love it!!
well taught
Alright...
GOOD COURS
Very Nice!
wow supper
intresting
very happy
Completed!
Super cool
Great!!!!!
Was great
great one
Great job
Love it!!
THANK YOU
very cool
LOved it!
was hard
The best
Love it!
loved it
Great !
Indepth
Thanks.
got it
Grate
Cool!
thnk
