I was eager to study a course from coursera..But i can't take it..Lecture is good,but the peers review is not good and not upto standard..I have taken many course from other digital platforms and enjoyed a lot..I will surely never take any course from coursera..
It is not useful for someone who is from a Business Management Background.
Just didnt find the content very exciting
Far too basic. For someone who is completely unfamiliar with branding, there is much that you will get out of this. Less so if you have a working knowledge of either marketing or branding. Simply said, this course is not rigorous. There is a consistent reference in the lectures to this course being a MOOC which after a short while caused me to believe that the graduate level course at LBS that this was based on is indeed more rigorous and this MOOC is "dumbed-down" to make it more accessible. In my view, deeper learning comes when a learner is challenged to think differently.Assignments are not peer-reviewed for quality, just for content. Some of the better moments in this course happen during particular case studies, notably Disney and Southwest Airlines. There are also a few great interviews with leaders of firms such as Unilever. I wish there were more of those moments, more in-depth rigor around the case studies, and assignments intended to reinforce learning.
The course gave a lot of new insights and teach much more about branding. Few things are less like if there will be more examples then it will easy to understand much better, and video which is embedded is so old so if they updated with new latest videos and examples then it will be more interactive.But overall the experience it good, learn so much and great knowledge.Thanks.
Very insightful course. All the real world examples definitely helped understand each of the concepts brought up on this course. However, the peer assignments were not really reviewed by peers, it gives the impression everyone is just trying to get a score no matter the quality of assignments.
I have a clear view on brands and brand images thanks to the content in these modules and the activities i got to do. The professor was really passionate about teaching and making the course work clear which made it very interesting for me as well.
I'm not able to reset my deadlines and there's no assistance that's being provided. Somethings are too repetitive.
The overall content was very generic. It needs to be more specific which can be applied in the real world.
Really weird structure of the week 1, do not want to continue this course :(
I think this course was quite lengthy.
Valuable course with some good takeaways for me. Personally, I benefited more from the first 3 modules, which I felt were more hands on in terms of learning theoretical concepts and applying them. I thought the assignments were relevant, but felt like they could have been a little more elaborate/challenging. I appreciated most of the guest interviews, particularly the P&G and Saatchi and Saatchi ones which were really insightful and engaging. My main critique would be that the lectures at times felt too conversational. There wasn't enough of a focus on theoretical concepts/frameworks to understand the material, particularly in week 4 and 5. I would have liked to see a slightly more academic approach, using models and frameworks to illustrate concepts all the way through.Thank you Professor Tavassoli for an interesting course!
The instructor is very friendly and uses interesting cases to clarify his points however, the reason why I am giving this course 4 stars is: 1- the course could have been reduced to 3 modules instead of 5 as it felt repetitive in some aspects.. 2- if you have a background in marketing, which I do, this course would only serve as a reminder and not brand new information which is fine I mean, it was still interesting to see how Professor Nader thought of branding and the cases he provided from Disney, Unilever, Lush etc.. were quite interesting but if you have a business degree, then you've probably been familiar with the concepts and info.
I thought the course material was relevant, and the concepts explained well. One critique and One feedback request to offer now that I have completed the course.  Critique:  While Nader (the course professor)  provided engaging and thought-provoking content, I noticed some business references to Marketing (industry insider & first-world specific) language.  As an entry-level course, you might assume some students might struggle with these references.  If not already in the industry or from the more sophisticated regions of the US and Europe. Feedback:  It is an excellent entry option to the latest thinking on Brand Management.  I do not know if this is possible, but the course date stamp relates to references and case studies - pre-2015 when it was first published.  Perhaps an appendix showing more recent case studies and surveys relating to how the content of the subjects covered is equally relevant in 2020, as new attendees take the course.  This type of content update would be a great addition.Overall I was delighted with the experience and the knowledge it provided.
The concepts and real world examples taught in this course are very interesting and useful to understanding the modern world of brand management. Real world interviews with executives add a nice break from straight lectures. I really enjoyed what I was able to learn from this course.The only things I would say need improvement are the module quizzes and the written assessments. The quizzes sometimes had very specific questions that were seemingly pulled from one small comment made in the lecture, rather than testing you on your overall understanding of the concept discussed in the module. The written assessments were great exercises, but they are graded by peer review. 99% of the time, no constructive feedback was given by peers, and many people didn't give much thought to their own answers to the assessments. Obviously, with this being an online course, there isn't much you can do to solve this problem. It was just a frustration point for me.
This course is guiding my first tap into the brand management field and it is not too superficial so that I could grasp some important insights very quickly. The professor gave all the lessons in a well-organized way, but branding is such a soft topic so every person with different perception of business in general may find themselves easy or hard to understand the academic conclusions brought up in this course. As for me, I feel like sometimes I only need maybe 3 key sentences to understand the whole-week lesson, but sometimes I expect much deeper explanation from the professor about a certain topic. This is just my opinion on the inherent limitation of branding course, but overall, this one is great and worth learning.
Very insightful course. The best part about it was the instructor. Really good speaker, made the course fun and interesting, gave key knowledge about branding and explained the concepts excellently. There were lots of examples and my personal favorite, lots of interviews so you understand some real world implementation of the concepts from real world managers.However, I found the course to be fluff and a lot of random info dump at certain points. Another short coming is that the course gives you a very broad overview of things and it would be better if there were more micro level information regarding good brand practices.
For someone that has always been a consumer and wishes to tap into the Branding industry this course is a great option. I loved how passionate the professor is and although at times I wished there were more slides from where we could copy ( I am a notes person ) that is an easy fix, all you have to do is give your full attention to the class. I take many things from the course and would recommend it to anyone trying to discover if marketing / brand management is a career for them.
Overall very informative and well presented. I have no professional background in this field therefore I was able to learn a lot.One point of criticism, which I do view as professional within an educational field is the elitism and snobbery expressed by using 'chav' and then proceeding to further deride this group. This is particularly  offensive considering the educational prestige afforded to the lecturer which perhaps helped in part gift him this career path.
Thoughtful course, with cogent and insightful lectures and readings from the professor. It's exactly what you think, and should expect, from a large school's perspective on brand. The only opportunity to improve is I felt the quizes were more focused on recall of the phrases and exact wording of the professor rather than the concepts and ability to apply them in situations. Net value of the experience is very positive and it was a worthwhile time investment.
Really liked the teacher and overall thought it was a good and worthwhile course. It was a little long for me (5 weeks) - I think next time I will go for something more condensed. However, since it's over the course of 5 weeks, it's not a huge time commitment each week which is great if you work full time.Good use of visuals and real life examples, and the use of in-person interviews with people in the field of marketing bring the concepts home.
One of the best parts was interviews with industry management from different companies. It was wonderful to hear their insights. I also enjoyed the structure of the program. I was intimidated to start it and thought it would fly over my head. But slowly but surely every aspect of Brand management was revealed in a simple and easy to follow way. The only thing I can fault the course on is that there is little to no downloadable material or notes.
The course is good. The examples discussed in it are to the point are quite interesting. The concepts covered are really important in today's context. However, there should be the use of whiteboard while explaining. The viewer can relate and concentrate well when you write and describe things. Also, the charts tables and graphs coming between the video could have been explained rather than just displaying them.
One of the best programs I have done  in a while (if you put the effort in it). Mr Tavossoli is an engaging professor and mixes theory, interviews and examples in a fluid and very easy to understand manner. Why four stars and not five? The material is getting a bit old and dated (2015), some links do not work anymore and there is a couple of little errors in some video's. Hope LBS will update and correct.
The content and themes in the course were very thorough and I found myself applying a lot of the theory to my current company. I found watching the videos for extended periods quite draining - some editing and interaction to keep users interested would be very helpful.  Also the ability to download the slideshow would be very helpful for studying and reflection at the end of modules.
Great insight and overview for an intro into brand management. The quality of information provided is second to none and the professor gives lots of real life examples that makes it easier to understand certain difficult concepts. The workload is not hard and always relates to the topic of MOOC studying.Overall a great experience and basic understanding for this career path.
I am currently starting my own company and simultaneously going through this MOOC - I can say that it's MUST! Don't expect to open a "New World" but this course definitely gets you to re-consider the deep truths about the core of very successful brands. The professor provides some really thought-provoking examples and interviews, although they are not always up to the point.
Thank you so much for the chance to get to know such an important skill in life know it will help me make my dream to have my own business come true.I have to note that the tests in every weekend felt a bit confusing so i couldent know how well i have learnt the subjects but thanks to your submissions i could bring my knowledge out for test Thanx again ant take care!
Great information and interviews. I learned a lot from this course! The only reason for giving 4 out of 5 stars is because it is a little on the dry side. I sped up the videos because the instructor speaks very slowly, but I'm sure that is to be as inclusive with language as possible. All in all, completely worth my time and I'm so glad I took this course!
As such I could have given even 5 starts, but then there would be left nothing to improve. the course was good and it explains the modern principles of Brand Managment, and aligning Business, Brand and Behaviour. what I came to know is also the employee Brand concept. there was a chapter on Brand valuation but may be made more detailed.
I found this course so helpful! A great course for those working in a wide range of environments. It taught me many aspects of Brand to look at that I hadn't considered before; I have definitely learned a lot that I can take into my employment. I enjoyed completing the course at my own pace and the videos were broken down really well.
great course and I've really learned a lot, I only faced a problem with the last assignment where I didn't understand exactly what to do. No one answered my question in the forums. I even tried contacting the lecturer on his personal email but I didn't get a reply and so I got stuck for a couple of days until I figured it out.
Definitely learned some new things! Liked the way things were explained in easy to understand concepts and a modern approach. Was also great that there were interviews from top companies included throughout the lecture weeks. Recommended for those who are new to marketing and those who want to brush up on key concepts.
The journey with this course was spectacular. Although the lectures seemed ambiguous as a beginner but a little effort to understand will gift you a box of insights on the topic area. The quizzes seemed quite challenging. The lectures could be a little more in simplistic language. Loved this course!
Very informative and well structured. I would say that the last week regarding value and valuation was a bit confusing as there were things that could have been explained better compared to the rest of the course but overall really good. Learnt so much from this. Thank you!
Really great explanation on the subject, very thankful for this course. One little tip: Sometimes the people who were interviewed spoke way faster than Mr. Tavassoli did. Since I'm not a native English speaker this made it a bit difficult to follow the interviews sometimes.
In the end, the tests are very easy if you just copy/paste the responses. This should be more difficult so the student has to read more and watch the videos thoroughly. Other than that, the course is very well organized. The professor speaks perfectly.
The course was extremely comprehensive. I was able to grasp the meanings behind branding strategies. Although I would have loved if we were able to access "downloadables" like slides and resources used within the course. Four stars out of five!
The lectures and interviews are great! However, the ability to submit late and the poor quality of submissions is disappointing, almost if the course is not taken seriously enough. One should only have 2 chances with the quiz, not several.
A not too detailed course, not exactly what I was expecting coming into it, definitely helpful though. The peer-graded assignments were especially great as they made you go back watch once or twice more to fully comprehend the content.
Very interesting course and very well presented as well. Its quite detailed as well in the level of information covered. Provides a lot of food for thought around the way in which brands can me managed and how customer journey matters.
Wonderful insight into the different aspects of Branding. The facilitator professor Nadar Tavassoli  made it very interesting with his crisp and clear pronunciations and wonderful examples. The videos were of an excellent quality.
I have learned a lot in this course. The explanatory videos are very useful and the final exercises after each MOOC help to better internalize what has been learned. In short, I really liked it and I recommend it 100%
The material is interesting and the professor has a warm presentation style. I felt that it gave a good overview of the main topics in Brand Management. The course is now 4 years old, so it's due to be refreshed.
I learned a lot about this course, after working many years in marketing it brought new perspectives to me. However, some content needs to be updated (for example broken links, low quality videos recommended).
It was a good course and I felt like I learned a lot. However, I didn't like that the Peer Reviewed Assignments had a word count. It seemed like the size of the text was more important than its quality.
It is a great course. Well designed. I learnt a lot. I especially like that it makes you think and the assignments test your knowledge and your capability to apply that knowledge.
its a good course if you want to get to  understand your client journet and experience,  it guides you to  better understand your industry and internal  and external customer
This was a good one at first. Lots of take away. But then it got a bit crazy. You'd need to own a $50M business to apply much of the second half of this course.
Very interesting course. Some of the quizzes didn't seem well aligned with the content of the individual modules. Overall very good/insightful course.
Really insightful course which helps to demonstrate how to turn brand and brand purpose into effective action within a business. Highly recommend :)
Thanks to the course, I got very interesting brand building skills. What just guessed before, now turned into a clear algorithm of action.
Learned a lot of new things eg. 3Bs, 3Es, 6As, Brand health, etc.  from this course and especially enjoyed the peer reviewed assignments.
it's quite difficult but very helpful for built my concept about branding, product, and identity of the behaviour product management
Nader is very engaging and pleasant to listen, I only feel that the modules could’ve been broken down into fewer, but longer videos
The course offers a good amount of knowledge with precise real-life examples. The interviews in the course come with benefit.
Very helpful and I learned a lot. With some professional marketing terms, but everyone can definitely catch up these.
Lots of great information on branding. Up-to-date models and information and very in-touch with the modern consumer.
really enjoyed the course, especially the examples of real companies and their experiences were very informative.
The concepts were explained well. Interviews with people working professionals help understand it better.
great course. but when going forward all the focus was on employer branding. didn't expact that..
A good course for understanding branding from an outside in as well as inside out perspective.
With the best faculty and thoroughly explained each module with the help of current examples.
The content was good and the topics were explained in an understandable and relatable way.
Unfortunately due to the recent turn of events could not catch up. Hope to start soon
The course is great! actually one of the best that I have encountered on Coursera.
The concepts were explained very well. A great course for all brand enthusiasts.
Good course to refresh as well as learn new insights and thoughts on Branding
very good to get an understanding about brands and how should they be aligned
the course is very well formulated even if the examples should be updated
very nicely done, some topics will be very important for everyone
It was amazing in the start but later it became a little boring.
Easy and life changing branding principles highly recommend it
Good needs to be updated a bit with more current examples.
It's very interesting learning for future business
nice course for beginners in brand management
Great course, Learned a lot from this course.
I wish there was some slides. thanks though
Very informative and well rounded course
It was an amazing time learning.
Excellent course for branding!
it was a great sesson
It was a good course.
Thus was very useful
Good  Course .
Very good one.
The great course really impressed my teaching skills of the instructor. The in-depth understanding of brands . Finally, to sum up, the course was great customer experience.
Prof. Nader Tavassoli has been so passionate and carries a wast amount of knowledge in the domain. Explanation with relevant company example has helped me to understand the importance of every topic in the actual business scenario. The quizzes were bit tricky though. The only suggestion that I would like to pass it on to Prof. Tavassoli is that - Consumer behaviour across the globe isn't the same. If western customers are concerned with quality, experience, Asian customers (Particularly in India) are concerned about price, probably that's why you might not have heard about brands such as - Mi, Realme, Honor etc. So please include examples from around the world. Many of the company strategies that you have explained cannot be as effective as it was in other parts of the world due to these demographic, cultural and psychographic changes.Thank you so much Professor Nader Tavassoli
Professor Nader has been immensely helpful in bringing about a change in the way i viewed Brand Management. The course is well framed with lots of good examples and interviews. A wonderful experience!
The course was easy to understand despite the discussing about important concepts for the Brand Management. I consider this course a great starting point to dive into the ocean of Brand Management.
Great MOOC that shifts your perspective on Branding. I would definitely recommend this. Thank you so much Professor Nader Tavassoli.  Lots of positives;1) Concepts are explained in clear concise and organised manner. 2) Interviews with prominent people, that are not just relevant to the topic of discussion, but also very inspiring and motivating.3)Assignments at the end of each module that promotes evaluation and application of what has been learnt.4) My favourite part of the MOOC was Case studies on various brands like Pampers, Southwest Airlines and many more.Thanks again LSB and Professor Nader Tavassoli. In your words, it was a satisfying learning "experience".
An exemplary MOOC on Brand Management by Prof. Nader Tavassoli. The course emphasises the various aspects of brand management in a unique way to conduce betterment in knowledge about the same. It is exclusive of prosaic explanations of existing theories and manifests an unusual way of inducing knowledge about brand management with the help of tangibles like a ‘Coat Hanger’ and ‘Newton’s cradle’. Furthermore, the course is inclusive of a number of interviews with remarkable personalities that incentivises huge takeaways. To all those who have keen interest in marketing, this is so far the best I have come across!
This MOOC is a very simplified version of a very important field in Marketing. The Assignments are devised in a way that it helps the student apply the learning of the course and better understand the topics. The MOOC will surely help build the basics for those looking forward to make a career in Marketing. Professor Nader's way of teaching is very good and his real and corporate life examples are easy to connect with. Great Job Professor Nader, London Business School, University Of London and Coursera for this wonderful course. Looking forward to learn more from LBS & Professor Nader.
This course provides me an opportunity to understand insides about world's leading Businesses along with their Brands journey and customer case study, As well as employer's and employees relationship with demonstrations, Presentations and Interview. This is my new learning in the field of business management.  In this review, I would like to mention that i am going to pick up main concept to tacking away from this course is 3B's Businesses, Brands and Behavior which i like most. This will always require me to quote and reflect on the meaning of business management's core value.
This is a fantastic course! I can't recommend it enough to anyone looking for a fresh look at Brand Management. Professor is incredible in his way to deliver information and explain concepts which always come with example so you'll never be left in confusion. It's totally worth it, highly recommended.
This course is very effective and up to dated. I have learned a lot from this course. The relationship among Business, Brand & Behavior has been wonderfully crafted in this course. finally I would like to thanks to the course instructor for his friendly & easily understood lectures.
I really liked the content and the examples provided during the lectures. The best part was the industry interview element. They actually told us how these theories are implemented in practice.
thanks,the concept suggested are very crisp and clear. easy to understand and implement in our business and profession. the example shared were also very relevant and eye opener.Thanks Again
Insightful and captivating course that is professionally made and professionally taught. I took away the knowledge that I needed much earlier.
I started this course expecting to learn more classic brand strategy techniques such as Brand architecture, brand valuation, messaging and segmentation. This course focuses more on students understanding of basic brand concepts and their impact on businesses as a whole. I found the course very useful as an someone interested in Brand Consulting and think it would also be very useful for operators or customers facing individuals who are integral to delivering the brand promise across customer touch points. The course is taught at an MBA level, meaning less technical learning and more reviewing high-level concepts in action through company examples. Definitely walking away more knowledgeable!
Thank you so much for creating this course Nader Tavassoli, it has given me a very good insight into Brand Management and has inspired me to pursue this in my career.  There was a really good mix of useful examples and materials, and I really like the way you included interviews from people in the industry. It would be good if the grading was more structured, perhaps getting students to link their answers back to the theories in the course. Having said that, I like the way it is peer assessed because it is great to learn from the other students. Thank you again, Katie
I was thankful for the coach/facilitator who helped me in enhancing my knowledge on Branding issues and giving new meaningful insights on different aspects of Brand Management.Thanks once again!
Brand Management: Aligning Business, Brand and Behaviour By Nader Tavassoli has provided this course with lead by examples mode, wherein he has illustrated brand design with relevant framework, bringing to light the purpose behind each of them and reinforcing them his interviews with great minds.   Nader Tavassoli is an inspiration as he has made the differentiation with brand management at London Business School, Unilever - ice creams and shared his success.  With this course, the way I look at business, brand, business, behavior will be with whole new dimension and Newton's cradle will be the reminder to keep its momentum with small actions at the moments that matter.The assignments are created with "I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. -Confucius", in mind. So I have got an opportunity to implement my learning in the course with these assignments.Kudos to Professor Nader, London Business School, University Of London and Coursera for spreading the passion of profound impact on the way world does business. I am confident to join Professor Nader in creating purpose-driven from brand designing through brand delivery. Thank you.
This course is amazing thanks to instructor, Mr. Nader Tavassoli, Professor of Marketing from London Business School has been so passionately inspiring in his mission to transfer the knowledge through insightful lectures and interviews with Brand's Managers as well as Business Owners to interview about real branding scenarios and cases, in order to get to the root of why they did what they did of the activities when it comes to managing a brand in businesses. I was able to learn and approach the new academical, yet practical way of learning branding and understanding brand management. Additional to learning, how to apply the knowledge in solving branding problems through assignments has been truly helpful to me as the assignment was designed to be realistically activating what I have just learnt into tools that I can use in business and brand's issues. I wouldn't say this course is easy for beginner, however, if you are passionate about building brand image and managing brand's reputation, this course is a great challenge that will be rewarding in the end. Thank you for the course!
This MOOC is a bit exhausting but equally resourceful one. The instructor is love. Every time he opens his mouth, knowledge is disseminated from it and it becomes all about how much you can catch and store for your future savings. It talks about how the employees of an organization can live and breathe the brand internally (employee branding) and in the process, become enabled to deliver the brand at many various touch points (moments that matter) across the customer/ consumer experience (a result of overall customer/ consumer satisfaction derived from all the touch points across the customer/ consumer journey) through their actions and behaviors. It also tells how valuation of a brand's trademark and associated IP (Intellectual Property) in the balance sheet can't really reflect the enormous value of that branded business as a whole.
what an amazing learning experience, the course was very relevant to the present brand management scene ,the delivery and content of  the teacher Sir Nader was exceptional,the refrences through videos or articles were very relevant to better understand the topic being taught,the interviews with professional from the field of study and them sharing their experiences all made for an awesome and wholesome learning process.thank you for this ,and I would certainly recommend this course to anyone who wants to persue a career in Brand management or understanding Brand business and behaviour.once again a massive thank you for making a course of this calibre  available.
Thank you, prof Nader Tavassoli. While you stressed it was difficult on your end of the course, it came across to me very thorough professional and easy to understand the concepts. Very much like your approach incorporating business language with practical examples.  By the way, I travel quite extensively ( least before COVID), and  I hate seeing hangers which required "assembly."  I am a U.S. sales director for an international pharmaceutical company (Lundbeck).  My additional duties include being on the  U.S. Marketing brand team, so your course helped contribute to our brand marketing.  I would definitely look for a course you are teaching.  Cheers
I really really loved the course! The professor Nader Tavasolli explain in easy but direct terms the branding concepts. He is an excellent professor, he explained with a facility and with emphaty eventhought it's virtual, I feel that i could get all the concepts. If i had the opportunity I would take another course with him. And regarding the course, the topics were incredible! The way of doing and perceiving branding is changing and professor Tavasolli explained us why and how to deal with it. Also the interviews that the professor did were very helpful to get to know those concepts from the experience of people with long trajectories
Everything was excellent! The materials were easy to understand, the tools used were simple, and most of the interviewee are capable and experts on their field. Prof. Nader and the team really did an excellent job in this course.Personally I love the coat-hanger story, the Newton's cradle, and from the course: The 3E's and brand valuation lessons were essential for my job and brand as a pharmacist owning a business.I'd also like to express my gratitude for the financial aid given from Coursera and UoL, this will support my future endeavors and I can proudly say I have another skillset. Terima kasih (Thank You) from Indonesia!
By completing the Brand
Management Course with Professor Nader Tavassoli, I was able to benefit from a
variety of new branding terms and aspects, as well as to refresh my memory on
things that I already knew and that was part of my role at work, just need to
learn and a reminder about. Since we are currently working from home, I had to
manage my time in completing the course learning video modules, quizzes, and
assignments on time. It wasn’t easy at the beginning, but sooner I managed it.
This course has taught me many things that will be helpful in my role at work
as a marketer and to my future goals, wherever that may be.
It was an marvelous and tremendous exp. that i ever had in my life. in one line i will say that coursera has provided me a new life. providing me knowledge where i am thinking i am in the edge of my life is really a new life to me. its just not about the course i.e.. but also the faculties and great high exp. people interview i mean those who are having exp. for more then 10 to 20 years i am getting to learn from those exp. i just love the way all exercise and activities too during the course it just blew my mind. really a big thanks to london university and round of applause to coursera.
Really enjoyed this course. Learned a lot from it. I love how the professor constantly compares the modern approach to branding with the traditional approach. This helps the learner understand the significant developments in this field and increases their interest in the same. I am a beginner and have no experience in branding/marketing however I was able to understand every single concept in this course. I particularly enjoyed the interviews and the case study based approach in this course. The course has helped me understand businesses, companies and therefore the world around me.
I highly recommend this course. Professor Tavasolli breaks down the teaching in a simple, concise, and informative way. His interviews with key staff from well-known companies enhances his principles and shows them in practice. The only thing I was not a fan of was the quiz format. I felt the questions were more about regurgitating information (sometimes obscure and irrelevant) instead of driving home the key teachings. The peer-to-peer writing assignments were fantastic; through self reflection, they really helped me apply what I learned to my day-to-day work.
I have been in branding in various capacities for some time now although it was only last year that branding made it to the top-level agenda in our company. This course is by far the best I have taken in the subject. Not only is Prof. Nader Tavassoli very engaging and witty (and a Gunner too, yay!), his insights on branding and alignment especially on culture is very intelligient, practical, and refreshing. I don't think I've ever enjoyed a class - online or otherwise - as much as I have this one. Congratulations and thank you!
I really enjoyed this course. The subject is not only interesting but different from the traditional approach to branding, both in online courses and in University (at least here at my uni in Italy). I really appreciated the professor too, great ability to explain and make practical examples, and a great choice of accessory material to gain even deeper knowledge on the subject. I really wish to see other courses from prof. Tavassoli and London Business School! Would recommend to everyone interested in marketing and branding
I like the overall structure of the course. It builds slowly from the understanding of what makes a brand into metrics that measure the validity of brand strategy. This course can be easily understood by someone outside of the marketing field. There is not much reading involved, yet the course does not feel too easy. The assignment of each week assists well with getting a deeper perspective of the presented subject for that week.  I also agreed with most of the ideas of the lecturer regarding the brand management topic.
Alhamdulillah! Praise to God that I stumbled upon this gem of a MOOC taught by the amazing Prof. Nader Tavassoli. His style of teaching makes you easily understand intricate marketing concepts. His real-life examples will stay with his students forever, guiding them throughout their careers. I have learnt a great deal from Prof.Tavassoli's course and I wish if I had found this earlier. I also thoroughly enjoyed reviewing great pieces of work by my peers. I strongly recommend this MOOC to all the students of Marketing.
The course all over has created huge impact on the way one looks at things. the detailed understanding of brand management is depicted in this course. the professor made it really interesting to learn. Throughout the course information to detail had been given a very important place. the assignments assigned to us were really helpful and interesting. In the end i would like to thank the professor for creating an amazing experience throughout the course, would really love to see many more courses like this one
This is an excellent course. It is challenging and yet highly informative. I would recommend this to anyone looking to be well informed about branding. The lectures are clear and the lecturer takes his time to present the ideas clearly. The course covers quite an extensive range of knowledge. However the each segment of the course doesn't lead you on a tangent. The course direction always brings you back to the central understanding of what a brand is and the potentials of what a well managed brand can do.
I don't know if the professor will get to read the reviews but honestly, this is one of the best courses I've ever taken! He explains every concept extremely well and provides such relevant and memorable examples! I have loved branding and its concepts all my life but this course has really made me love it more and learn the technical terms that I was not aware of before. The assignments are also wonderful to do because of how much clarity and understanding it provides. Just.. 10/10 I loved it! :)
This has been my first MOOC dealing with Brands and businesses and I'm very enthusiast about the final results. All the modules and topics are divided in a smart way which allows you to get out the most from any single concept, Prof.Tavassoli stimulates your interest in delivering stunning examples and case studies worldwide within a fresh approach. I really recommend this Mooc even though you are a brand-wise person, tips and hints will reinforce your mindset and let you reflect even more.
The way this MOOC has been designed by Nader Tassavoli is just commendable. He has included everything that can make this MOOC a complete perfect course full of real life examples, case studies and especially he took time to interview CEOs and brand managers of numerous brands. Thankful to Nader for putting his heart and soul in this MOOC to benefit us all and requesting him to come up with some more MOOCs on Marketing Strategies and other releated topics. Thank you Professor! :) :)
I though the course was fantastic, and I have  actually recommended it to some of my friends and colleagues.it was well delivered, and i enjoyed the tasks associated with it, I am new in my job role and just about to embark on a "journey of change" as part of a turnaround, and most of my learning will be immediately transformed into actions, thanks, and I hope there will be more to come.The only flip side: We all know that Liverpool is the best brand NOT Arsenal;-) as mentioned....
I learned so much in the course. It was challenging ! Nader is an inspiring and knowledgeable lecturer. The Marketing Principals beautifully taught In his lectures on in Aligning Business, Brand and Behaviour. In many different ways he teaches how the marketing concepts work in real life and how they correlate with business strategy. Nader teaches in an empathetic way towards his students but also in the understanding of the companies he discusses. Fantastic ! Recommended !
This course taught me a lot as I had no prior knowledge in the field. While completing the course, I was so engaging to watch the videos, the interviews, and complete tasks that helped me to implement my acquired knowledge even though I do not work yet. It helped me to understand that I have a great interest in Management and will more likely continue my journey in learning the field. Thank you so much for the course, the experience, and the knowledge you shared with us!
I have learned a lot from " Brand Management" . It is very well organized, from the lectures, videos, readings, interviews, quizzes and the peer-graded Assignments, everything comes together to enhance the learning experience. I am a research scientist working in a pharmaceutical company and have no business background. This course made me laugh and I had lot of " Ah-Ha" moments. Really enjoyed it and appreciate Professor Nader Tavassoli's hard working and dedication!
I am so delighted with this course.  The lecturer, Nader Tavassoli's experience and knowledge on the subject matter is incredible. He is a true subject expert. He has also structured the course so well making it interesting and the concepts easy to grasp. Thank you Coursera. Thank you Nader Tavassoli. This is simply amazing!I am currently unemployed and therefore cannot afford to pay for a certification but I would be happy to do that as soon as I find employment.
The course was designed to cover aligning the strategies for business, brand and behavior including strategic brand portfolio alignment and delivering global brand alignment. Professor Nader organized several interviews with practitioners, CEO and CMO of famous brand which gave us very practical insight of the course. A new technique to review project works among peers well appreciated. Finally thank you to Professor Nader Tavassoli for his excellent presentation.
An excellent course. Kudos to Prof. Nader Tavassoli . I liked all courses and the interviews which are very lightening. I have seen one of his books (from a video in his office) is on psychology it can yet to be integrated with the course on selective topics although this effect is indirectly mentioned several times with different names like "people,people,people..". I liked the course very much and couldn't wait i passed the courses with high scores.
Absolutely fantastic & insightful course on Brand Management. This course covered many other concepts & aspects which even many good books fail to cover. The interviews with top management executives really helped understand the modules beautifully. Anyone wanting to pursue a course in Brand Management for brushing up/learning skills, without giving a thought just go for this. Thank you professor for this MOOC, it really was an excellent learning !!
It has been an inspiring course. I enjoyed the way the Professor explained the concepts bringing real examples. I got my degree 3 years ago and I miss uni so much, having the opportunity to get knowledge from high standing institutions for free from my laptop is a great opportunity ! I find in Marketing and Brand Management the opportunity to do a job I love in my life and this is one of the best courses I have attended about that. Thanks.
This course was very well done. Professor Nader Tavassoli does a great job covering each topic thoroughly with real world examples of times when it worked and did not work well. The assignments require thought and reflection on what is learned each week but are not too hard as to be impossible for people just learning the material. I would highly recommend this course for all levels of brand managers or those wanting to get into the field.
Insightful with a lot of real examples. Prof. Nader Tavassoli is an amazing instructor and teaches with great passion. The assignments also helped in applying the knowledge and really think about the concepts.  I was just wondering that the certificate does not include the "brand logo"  or mention the B-school LBS. It would really make a difference for students from other countries as LBS has a better recall than the University of London.
It is a must do course for all the Marketing professionals, especially those who are in Brand Management.It was a
very insightful learning experience through this course. Approach of Prof Nader
Tavasolli was phenomenal and he brought lot of new and practical aspects of
Brand Management through alignment of Business, Brand and Behaviour.The course is about breaking traditional barriers and bring-in an all new approach to Brand Management.
This MOOC has been mind-opening in what goes into having a successful business. Nader Tavassoli did a wonderful job explaining the concepts of Brand Management and aligning business, brand and behaviour. He makes the concepts easy to understand and comprehend, and makes you think! I really enjoyed this MOOC and it will always be in mind now whenever I think of brands. It will definitely shape any future endeavor I look into. Thank you!
The course is really wonderful in terms of explaining step by step approach to brand design. Some key concepts which are more relevant to the current scenario like internal customers, 6As, 3Es, and brand health measurement have been explained with many examples. Prof. Nader is one of the finest instructors who are full of knowledge and a drive to spread the knowledge to the enthusiastic learners.I am really thankful to him!
This course has taught me a lot and I am sure that the things I learnt in this course will help me in the future. Professor Nader has dived into the details of brand management with great interviews in between each modules. It was just great, every student who wants to have an overview about brand management and also those who want to pursue it as a career must do this course. Also keep good notes, it will be helpful.
It was really wonderful course. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and it will be very much helpful for my career and real life as well. I thank my instructor professor of London business School for his motivation and guide. I also thank University of London and London business school for providing me this opportunity. I also grateful to Coursera for its mediation and making the course reach in me. Thank you very much.
The course is brilliant with emphasis laid on Brand understanding from first module to the last module.The videos shared of interviews with various leaders , show the efforts put in by Professor Nader . Exceptional reasoning given to explain the importance of Purpose, Values and Branding . It is a must for any one who wants to understand why is Branding so important and how to make an impact in real life scenario.
Professor Nader made the course intriguing right from the commencement of this course. He explained the concepts in a way that was easily comprehensible with very relevant examples which made attempting the assignments exciting and fun. I would recommend this course to anyone who is also slightly interested in brands and their management as it really broadens your horizon about the subject matter as a whole.
I am very happy to gave this course, great contend and there was more than I expected. I feel very lucky to have attended this course. I recommend everyone to take care of it, you definitely add something to yourself. You will also evaluate your time very well.Special thanks to Nader Tavassoli and University of London & London Business School.I hope to take more courses from this school and Nader Tavassoli.
It was nicely described the relationship between business, brand & behavior for a strong brand that ensures business and keeps both internal employee and consumers a clear idea about brand purpose. However, many companies are actually running with multiple brands with same workforce; i more detail focus on how Business, Brand and Behavior may work in such environment may make it more interesting further.
Thank you, in the last video, you said that the course was an inspiration for you, because people from all over the world take part in it. For me, this course was an inspiration for a different view of the brand and another approach to it. I hope that your experience in creating this course was positive and we can count on further classes, which I am looking forward to :) Excellent job and good luck.
The course was effective and articulated how business, brand and behaviour are uniquely intertwined in a successful organization. Mr. Tavassoli provided many concrete and easily understandable examples for how business, brand and behavior work together. The use of interviews with people who successfully use the combination of business, brand and behavior to promote their brands was very well done.
Excellent Lecture, you analogies, your original concepts established and shared during this course was well appreciated! Love the simplicity with which you delivered your well-personalized lectures that grasped the attention of your students, also resulting from your relaxed professionalism!!!High Yield concepts or foundations for business management was the bulk of this course! Job well done!!!
Great course with a lot of helpful material that should help me later. Amazing instructor and great use of imagery with the coat hanger and the use of Newton's cradle to symbolise alignment and reiterate etc importance of the synchronisation of brand, business and behaviour. Highly recommend for those wishing to expand their understanding of branding or who wish to explore the world of business.
Professor Nader is very knowledgeable about the subject and is able to explain and teach the course in a very pragmatic way. I have learned a lot of things and gained a lot of insight which I was able to apply to my work during the course of this MOOC. I am very happy that I took this course and highly recommend it, Professor Nader as well as the London Business School, and Coursera. Thank you!
Wonderful Course. The art of flow/ structure of this lecture gave a deeper understanding of the subject. I'm very surprised and excited through the course. The course has been very informative and insightful on this going forward on every modules. All the way through the lecture was undeniably so good. Thanks for this course. I hope to put through these principles what i learned in practice.
One of the best course I have come across in recent times. I really enjoyed doing it. In fact, I enjoyed it so much, I completed the course in less than 2 weeks! The new concepts such as 3Es, the new definition for 4Ps and 6As of brand engagement are really useful concept. The way the lecture was presented was really great. Overall a very useful course to understand brand management better.
Mr. Tavalossi explained various concepts extremely well, through a ton of examples of organizations following those concepts and consequences faced by organizations that did not follow a few concepts. I will be taking back many important elements such as brand purpose, metrics, valuation, etc. Thank you for this course, it gave me a wide array of concepts that will be useful in my future.
Prof. Nader is a great teacher who has a lot of experience in this particular field. How he mixes theory with case studies and interviews with CX level professionals, gives this course a holistic view. The cases are a little out of date cause this MOOC was filmed back in 2015, yet the thinking is as timely as ever. In my opinion, it would be really interesting to showcase current cases.
This has been a very helpful , through and detailed course and I am glad that I took this during this corona outbreak, the greatest global crisis of our times since world war 2. This course has taught me that branding should not be taken lightly and there are a lot of metrics to be evaluated for measuring success of brand, many of them i was not even aware before doing this course.
I can only say good things about this course. It has opened my mind about branding, expanded my knowledge and this might sound a bit extreme but it's true. It has changed my life. It has been so valuable for me and this is only the starting point of my branding journey. What a great place to start. If you have never been introduced to branding, I can totally recommend this course.
This is my first course in Coursera and by and large, I think it will be the best course available here. This course was very engaging. Being an aspiring MBA Marketing student this MOOC has changed my whole perspective of marketing and helped me in deciding what future path I am going to pursue after an MBA degree which is going to related to BRand MAnagement in one way to other.
This course has been carefully carved out to redefine the modern approach to brand management. I learned how brand itself is strategy. The course materiel and the assignments gave me a deeper insight into aligning brand purpose and brand promise with the how it has to be delivered. Extremely thankful to Prof. Nader, looking forward to join for more MOOCs from you.-JASMINE SIMI-
This is my first course with Coursera I and it's been awesome . The way the professor took it with explanations along with case-studies was really excellent. It shows how much he is aligned with the latest market trends and cascade the same to the people who took this course. I really enjoyed each and every module.I wish him the best and for great success in the futureThxSathya
I am very happy and pleased to have completed this course study in Brand Management.  The mentors have been very helpful & so did  Customer support staff. It surely taught me more than I thought  it would.  When I will go back to my job in graphics designs i will take  all these as an examples . So thank you very much especially to the mentor and a lecturer Nadeer Tavasolli.
Our teacher was great. He provided accurate and detailed explanation at all times. He provided examples that could be understood by everyone and the course, in general, provided a different view of what Brand Management is. There is room for improvement though, I think the addition of slides is needed so the student can go through them before the lesson to be more prepared.
Lots of videos but very in depth discussions of each of the topics. There are a lot of interviews within the modules to better relate to the everyday person, so you can see real world applications of what is being taught. I wish there was a bit more information on slides and handouts instead of purely talking but overall I learned alot from this course. Highly recommend!
This was the best course I've ever taken. Professor Tavassoli did an amazing job explaining the value of living the brand within an organization with practical suggestion for actions. His opinions are so insightful and down-to-earth. A lot of what Professor Tavassoli mentioned in the course can be put to direct use in our jobs, this is so rare and absolutely valuable!
Excellent course meeting the expectations of a course from University of London . Well conceived and executed covering all aspects it promised to. Prof. Nader Tavassoli had used his knowledge and skills to transfer his learnings to the students in a well understandable manner. The interviews, cases and the materials shared maintained high quality. Totally Satified !
Outstanding instructor, This is an incredibly interesting course that will inspire  with innovative strategies to evaluate and build brands . The material is organized and structured. I learned so much more than I expected .The course has substance with case studies, slides clearly illustrating  concepts, data and analysis and videos with transformational leaders.
It is a great course with new perspectives.  I feel,  Managers or Founders must study this course since the idea of Brand Management is shifting  from ' Department' to ' Function'. I am  very happy with the content delivery and design of the entire course structure. Great course by great school and look ahead for much more useful courses from University of London.
I found this to be a well organized and presented course with  practical processes for integrating our brand across silos.  The pace was manageable and assignments were an opportunity to brain storm and create new strategic action plans.  I found it refreshing that both external and internal customers were considered.  I wish the instructor offered more courses.
This course highly inspired me in every aspect of management involving around brand and our brilliant teacher who explained every concept in great detail and giving such informative  examples helped me a lot to understand managing the brand as whole. I will definitely look into some more courses in which he will be the mentor of that MOOC. Thanks a lot teacher!!
The way the course contents were presented is a microcosm of what the course really discusses. Seeing myself as a customer, I can vouch for the amazing journey I had through the five weeks across all the touch points. The peer reviewed assignments and quizzes were well aligned to what the course expects of its learners. Thank you, Professor Nader Tavassoli
Loved it, truly inspiring and very thought provoking. One of the few series of classes where I took down notes and recounted my learnings without being told by anyone. It is well researched, well taught and most importantly instills a sense of confidence within you after completing it. 100% must take course for anyone interested in the field of  business.
A really informative course about the basics of Branding and it is explained through a lot of practical examples which makes it easy to understand the concept. Also, the changing customer landscape and the impact of technology has also been discussed in detail in this course. Thanks to Prof. Nader Tavassoli and coursera for making this content available
Thank you very much to Professor Nadir and Coursera for designing wonderful content in a simple language with great examples. Now with the help of these types of programs, I am always on top of my lectures before they start. Kudos to Coursera. This will help me to design my brand plan in a better way and look into the broad way to the customer journey.
Thank you Nader for taking me on a thoroughly enlightening journey into the strategic world of branding for business. You've created a highly accessible course filled with plenty of real-world examples and insightful interviews with people who are highly qualified to speak about their respective areas of expertise. Looking forward to your next MOOC!
It's a nice course that you can take in far less than 5 weeks if you are committed, it's taking me just 2 probably. And I've been watching all the videos & done all assignments properly (I'm working full time in the day).The professor is very engaging. Examples are clear and explanatory. A good training for those who want to have basics of branding.
Learned about many new terms, concepts, and operations that are held in organizations. It was overall perfect for beginners and anyone interested in business. Learned so much about the employee & brand relationship along with the company. Mr. Tavassoli is gentle, humourous, and patient with all the modules and simplified all the concepts very well.
Prof. Tavassoli is one of the best teachers on Coursera. He explains everything with the best examples and with utmost clarity. I am thankful for having him as my teacher for this course. Brand Management course thought me a lot of concepts, ideologies and a whole new perception towards the brands. Great course, one of the best courses on Coursera!
It's indeed a very comprehensive and easy to grab course for people who are interested in brand management in general. It introduces many essential concepts with simple and well-elaborated explanations in real business world. Very recommended to anyone who is looking for some inspiration or trying to enhance the understanding of brand management.
Really thanks to Prof. Nadar Tavassoli for creating this marketing course for the beginners. He has really well explained the new concept for branding in today's comparative world. The interviews with some marketing executives from different companies are really helpful to compare how companies are using the course concepts into real world.
This is an excellent course to take for all branding enthusiasts. Extremely well crafted, precise, engaging and most importantly informative. Professor Nadar has done a wonderful job putting his point across, making it a point to take inputs from industry leaders and most importantly delivering the course the London Business School way!
This course completely changed my perception of brand and its purpose. Extremely well explained by Professor Tavassoli, also through the support of videos from leading branding professionals. I am sure it will help me get a significant benefit in my career and I would definitely recommend it!Head, heart and hands. Nothing else to add!
This was a great course- and I have learned a lot within business management.  The instructor was excellent and easy to understand although English is not my birth language.  Some of the guests that was intervjuet, was not so easy to understand- but we had the whole text under so nevertheless all of it was understandable. Recommends!
I truly enjoyed and appreciate for introducing Brand Management - I am jobless for last 4months and after completing Brand Management, i am very positive to get good job soon.I do not have funds to pay my certificate fee Rs.2192/- i will be grateful if you please help me out to issue Certificate.Your Sincerealy ,Vinay Kumar Verma
I am a digital consultant who is multi-award winning in social media and digital marketing. For the past 10 years, I have been working with small businesses in managing their online brand. This course was absolutely brilliant and I highly recommend it to anyone who is seriously considering signing up. It is well worth your time.
Well structured and formulated course that taught me the principles and concepts of modern brand management, encompassing all aspects of an organisation from internal to external stakeholders. Professor Tavassoli was very articulate and provided great real-world examples of brand purpose and modern techniques of brand building.
Great course. I really liked the structure of the modules and how they were illustrated with real interviews with professionals of different businesses. The professor did a great job building the program in a way that every module supports each other and at the end you see how the whole course makes a lot of  sense together.
A loved this course. Very well explained, complete, and dynamic. I would very much recommend this course to anyone interested in Brand Management. I also enjoyed very much how the professor explained the concepts, always using examples. This course has been a motivation for me to continue with my brand management immersion.
This Course on Brand Management has given me insights about all it's dimensions. Mr. Nader Tavassoli has been a great instructor and have given some of the best knowledge. Really hope and wish to meet him to thank him personally. Also Coursera has been a great platform for students like me to gain knew knowledge and skills.
I really enjoyed the course because of the obvious expertise and entertaining delivery of the instructor, the variety of business cases shared in this course which cited best practices and past mistakes of several organisations, and the practical interviews the professor conducted with key people from different industries.
Insightful, Inspiring and Actionable. I really enjoyed the course by Nader Tavassoli and it provided a lot of value to me. I'll constantly come back to the course in order to look up the various concepts taught and I have the feeling that it will serve me a lot on my way to becoming a branding expert. Thanks a lot Nader!
This course has been really inspiring, sometimes coming from a sales background narrow our focus only about sales volume. It's not wrong but it limits our business in the market. To make a business succeed we have to invest in people. Employees and customer play a crucial role and often companies take it for granted.
This course is one of the best course i have ever taken. This MOOC change my perception about brands and the Lecturer explain everything well with the real life examples. I learned about how important the power of brands and the base of developing brands itself. It's an honor to be able to take this course. Thank you
Amazing course by Dr Nader Tavassoli. I must appreciate his command on the subject and style of articulating. He made it very easy to understand the concepts which were unknown to me. This course gave me a great new perspective to look at brands. The principles, examples, flow, articulation - excellent work Dr Nader.
I highly recommend this course for any professional in business administration, communications and marketing who wants to go in depth in a different perspective of brand management. I consider that the methodology, examples and exercises were very helpful. Also, professor Tavalossi gives very clear explanations.
An informative course on Brand Management brought to us by Prof. Nader Tavassoli of The London Business School. It is a great MOOC with really interesting assignments and quizzes; not only are the videos resourceful but also researching for the assignments give a clearer understanding of each concept and topic.
This course has been an amazing journey through my quarantine time from COVID-19. I did not expect the MOOC would be so informative, interesting and fun at the same time. I had learned a lot about brand management from scratch. Thanks to Professor Nader Tavassoli and Coursera platform for this awesome course!
It was great learning in last 5 weeks and learnt so much about actual marketing of 21st century. But highlight of the course is Mr. Nader Tavassoli, they way he explained the various concepts and his command over the subject was impalpable. I would like to thanks to Dr Nader and team for this wonderful MOOC.
Well organized and insightful! Great for beginners who are interested in marketing, branding, or owning a business. Professor Tavassoli did a fantastic job on explaining the concepts and invited many quality guest speakers to incorporate the real life examples in the concepts. I highly recommend this course!
If you are new to Marketing then this course will add huge value to your knowledge about branding.  The whole MOOC is filled with various case studies and interviews which compliment the concepts very well. I wish to pursue more such courses from LBS. Hope Prof. Nader will come up with many more such courses
Brilliant course! Loved the way the concepts were introduced and their real world application explained via current business studies. Thoroughly enjoyed the interviews with various business men and women. If I were to do an MBA abroad, LBS would be very high on my list, especially due to Prof Nadar. Awesome!
Very nicely structured course, well presented, with easy-to-remember metaphors and sound principles. Tons of interesting interviews with accomplished professionals to tie theory in with the practical side of things.I certainly walk away from this course with a much better understanding of brand management.
It is really a good course. Im not from marketing background or a MBA graduate,but i have enrolled into the course.It helped me a lot. Im happy to receive certificate from the prestigious university.I would recommend it to others.Thanks to University of London & Coursera for helping me to find this course
The professor takes you through journey of Brand Management with excellent examples and interviews of CXO's. The concepts were in line with the current VUCA business environment. Well organised and interesting concepts will not only raise your curiosity about marketing but also help you in your career.
Wonderful course that teaches the fundamentals of brand-building and the importance of correct brand management. Professor Tavassoli is engaging and gives wonderful real life examples. Definitely recommend this course for anyone trying to understand and learn how to build and manage brands correctly.
This MOOC was really interesting and Prof. Nader Tavassoli has explained the new concepts in brand management very well with real time examples. The Quiz's, additional reading materials and assignments provided in this MOOC were of great help of applying the concepts in assignments that I learnt.
Prof. Nader Tavasoli has been a joy to learn from. His teaching skills a positive energy makes you want to learn more from him. Also the course material have been very interesting and helpful. I am extremely happy with the course and looking forward to applying some of its concepts in my company.
This course is everything you want it to be! the material is perfectly selected and delivers. And even though it's from a few years ago, it is increasingly more relevant every day. great job and top of the hat to Pro. Tavassoli, London Business School, and the coursera team who made it possible.
The MOOC was so insightful and relevant even today. Also prof.Nader has provided the  course content in such a simplified and practical manner - that is both easy to understand and implement. Finally the interview with industry stalwart further drives the truth about the relevance of this course
Great course! I've been working in brand management for several years but I really learned a lot with this MOOC. I started using some of the ideas given by Professor Tavassoli from the beginning. I absolutely recommend this course for everyone who is working in branding and product management.
It is an honour to share with collegues around the world the corporate examples of how to manage brand, aligned with Business, and Behaviuor of internal and external customers. Thanks Coursera and London Business School for this. Thanks Professor Nader Tavassoli for your time and experience!!
Fantastic Learning ! This course was excellent, the amount of information
they provide are wonderful. Nader Tavassoli, Course Instructors show great
knowledge and professionalism, he showed some great examples to learn the
concept quickly and clearly. I recommend every one to do this course
Professor Tavessoli was really amazing. Thank you professor who taking us through this mooc in depth and with so many examples. Infact it made me to really think compare and even evaluate my current organization whether it actually met the requirements. Very very useful and interesting !!!!
Originally speaking, this course completely changed my perception about organizations competing in todays extremely competitive environment, it will definitely help me to take my skills to the next level, and not ending there, it will help me better supervise my own organization as well...
Excellent for people with brand responsibilities within their organisation. But further than that, it shows how brand values, purpose and behaviour should pervade the entire organisation from the inside out, even globally. The interviews were a real bonus and come from quality executives.
Really appreciate for Prof. Nader
Tavassoli's dedication to this session “ aligning of business, brand & behaviour" . By introducing so many useful and typical business cases , the model & new concept will be  the treasure when we go for venture in the process of branding and marketing.
I love the course. It's given me a whole new perspective to look at brands. I learned a lot of new concepts and will soon apply them in the practical world.  Thanks to Professor Nader Tavassoli he has been a great mentor. I loved every single example and could personally relate to them.
Great course! An excellent way to get to know and enjoy the theme! Professor Tavassoli explores the main points of Brand Management with an easy language and lots of cases examples that illustrate the studied points! Surely a must have in your CV if you are joining this marketing area!
It was a great learning experience and gave me an insight on how actually brand functions. The professor was very clear and concise in his MOOC, used real life examples and gave me great confidence in brand management. Thank you so much for this wonderful course, I highly recommend it
Brand Management Course was my first course in Coursera and i learned more about branding special Internal branding and the importance of paying attention to employees and the value of brand experience and brand behavior. Thank Mr Tavasoli and I'm grateful to take part in this course.
An informative course on brand positioning, behaviours and its relationship within the modern company. Plenty of examples and a variety of modes of teaching to make it easy to understand. Nadar is a brilliant teacher and I look forward to learning more from the London Business School.
Great classes. I really liked the professor's way of teaching. I am really thankful to him for explaining each and every point with easy examples and adding interviews with various executives of different brands. I got learn a lot about Branding. Its a broader concept than i thought.
I learned a lot on this Brand Management Course. Never thought that Branding is a wide and variety of  information, to be in good position. Techniques, examples and explanation by the professor.  It inspires me, using the knowledge in my current situation and applying for new jobs.
Very good themes, super professional video and slides. Last but not least, Prof Tavassoli is very motivated  and involving. He really wants to trasmit something to the people who decided to join the course. He will guide you in discovering the adventurous theme of Brand Management.
It was one of the best course i had with coursera. Professor Nader Tavassoli was very inspiring and i would love to see him teach other courses as well. Even if he talks in videos, he creates that intimacy and that makes watching it more  interesting and intruguing. Congratulations
First and foremost  tons of thanks to Professor Nader Tavassoli of London  School Business who presented insights of  Brand Management  supplemented with video interviews with CEO's as well as  case studies to gain deeper into the subject. Great Job.... Thanks you so much  Sir.
I think Professor Nader Tavassoli is the best Professor ever! He keeps the content easy to understand and in proper order. There are a lot of interviews and examples incorporated that makes the understanding of the concept very practical. I would say this is a must do course!
I want to thank professor Nader Tavassoli for giving me the opportunity to discover this new learning method. Personally, I really liked this course because gave me the basic instruments to understand the importance of branding in a simple and detailed way. Again, thank you.
Exceptional, Prof.Tavassoli is one of the greatest lecturers I've ever listened and the course gives a lot of insights on how to translate a Brand into something that the consumer can feel, an unforgettable experience. A must for Brand or Marketing Managers and Specialists.
Brilliant MOOC! Loved all the real life examples (good and bad) and the interviews. Professor Nader Tavassoli rocks!! Will consider taking this course again to get a certificate. This time simply looked through all the videos and additional reading. Thank you for the MOOC!!
Absolutely phenomenal course. Dives deep into the A to Z of brand management. Nader is an amazing professor. The best part of this course is the way real life examples were brought into theoretical concepts, especially via interviews of C-Level people at brand companies
This course has opened my mind up to many things! Going into it with little to no knowledge on corporate branding and things of that sort I did not know what to expect. However, I come out of this course wiser and ready to take on new things! Thank you professor Nader.
Very useful course that has a holistic approach to cover all aspects. I am a creative and content professional but this course has opened my mind to think deeper about brands when building media solutions. The instructor tone of voice, pace and smile is pleasant :-)
I'm student of Entrepreneurship but this course was eye opening for me. It was very insightful and it sensitized me to key role of HR to deliver on the brand promise and provide customers delightful and memorable experience. Thank you LBS and Prof. Nader Tassavoli.
After 5 weeks, just have to say a big thank you for professor Nader Tavassoli, University of London and Coursera for this great opportunity. Valuable and rich content, interviews, business cases. Happy to finish this challenge and looking forward for the next one!
This is definitely a good decision for those wanting to expand their limits and overcome few old'style ideas in regards Brand marketing.  A refreshment for the knowledge to acquire during these disruption times where everything is interconnected at a global basis.
The course is excellent. The concepts are explained really good with clearly examples. Also, I think the many interviews with employee from different business helps a lot to understand how the theory fit in the real world and how they have to adapt in each sector.
I always wanted to take a brand management course while I've working for brand space. This course taught me clear perspective with refined words and explained the process how to build brand image.  Thank you prof. Tavassoli. I enjoyed a lot throughout this course.
I am very much happy that I  learned lots of Things from this course.It will help my career in future. On the other hand, I am so happy that I got a certificate from well known and renowned university in England.I know this University of London since my childhood.
I really enjoyed this MOOC. I thought it was well
planned and layed out, easy for me to follow. The work load (H.W. & Quiz) was
just enough, so i could finish everything with enough time, learn about the
topics and not feel over loaded and rushed. it was Awesome.
In a short MOOC, this course is perfectly curated to make one understand the various stages of Brand building & the nuances that make the same happen! Thank you Prof Nader for putting this amazing course together! Recommend for any brand building enthusiast ...
Professor Nader Tavassoli does a wonderful job of explaining important Marketing and Branding practices while also keeping the course very engaging.  I highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in the business field-you will learn valuable information!
It was a great course, I learned a lot, and for me is very helpful that every concept had a real-life example, I will develop everything I learned in the company I work with, I obtained great ideas from this course! And now I'm a fan of London Business School!
I've been working in the marketing field for 8 years and this course completely shifted the way I looked at branding, and how I do things at the office. While the course does not offer much guidance on techniques, the mind-shift was worth it. Thanks to Nader!
This course takes you through the dept of the brand management right from business till behavior with many different frameworks This course is holistic in its approach and interviews with CEO of few companies adds practical values to the theoretical concepts
I thoroughly enjoyed the lecturer's openness and expanse knowledge of the marketing field. Would love to be in a lecture hall and to engage even more. It was very insightful and very interesting. Definitely can see myself leaning towards a marketing career
The MOOC on Brand Management was very insightful. Our instructor Nader Tavassoli provided multiple practical, relatable examples to take us through the concepts. The interviews with various industry experts was engaging. Thanks, for a wonderful experience.
It's really helpful. I'm not learning about brand and business related in my college, this is really helpful for me to learning something new. Because I want to make a brand someday, and this course help me to understand about the business and brand more.
This course really helps me to understand the importance of brand management, how to build a brand, and maintaining the brand. The teacher also gives the materials in easy way, easy to understand, and giving a real life example of a brand in every module.
I learned a lot doing this course. The material was well explain and the additional readings was a fantastic way of supporting the content of the course. The instructor explained everything in a concise manner.I would definitely enroll in another course.
I am truly grateful for this great opportunity -- I learned so much and the course even encourages me to take my learning and growth another step further.  Thanks a million to Prof. Nader for taking the time to share his wealth of knowledge to the world.
Great refresher for professionals working in marketing. Great video case studies, I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Prof. Nadal is very engaging and I enjoyed his interpretation and examples he used throughout the different modules. Truly recommend this.
Really changed my mindset of Brand management itself.And really made me think about but Brands truly mean and what my role is actually. Thank you very much for the MOOK it was very inspiring, and I hope I can really transform this into the work that I do
I really enjoyed this course, Super Informative and the professors explanations did not leave room for misunderstandings! I've honed my skills and will be looking out for more courses aligned with my goals!All the best to everyone and thank you so much!
It was a great experience and I definitely learned so much from this! I'm a student and I one hundred percent benefited from joining this course, meaning I explored areas that aren't thought at school. Professor Nader did a fantastic job. So happy!
Totally loved everything about the course from the content to the professor and his way of teaching!Its beautiful for everything was explained with case studies and examples!Moreover, the assignments were so practical and actually got me thinking!
One of the best MOOCs I have done. Professor Nader Tavassoli was great, his style of content delivery is simple and perfect for my understanding. I hope to enroll in more of his courses in the future, hope he does more. A great overall experience
Very good course. The content is organized correctly and the lectures are quite interesting. One of the good things of the course was the interviews about each week's themes. I think this is a way of seeing how all the theory applies to reality.
I highly enjoyed this course. All the material was easy to follow and insightful. Very applicable to multiple aspects of business operations and communications. I anticipate applying much of this to how I strategize and engage during my career.
Congratulations on the brand course, it is a very important complement to learn more about the brand from the internal and external perspective of a company. I hope I can continue doing more courses on different points of interest in marketing.
This was my first online course here in Coursera, and I had to thank you to Professor Nader Tavassoli for create this MOOC to everyone who has the energy to keep learning. I learning so much about this course and I have to say thanks very much.
Coursera opened ways for me to learn from one of the best business teacher in the world, that too sitting in my room. I learned so many things in the course. It also opened new ways for me to look at brands with a totally different perspective.
A very fulfilling, wide eye-opening course that helped me decide what I want to do with my professional life! Mr. Tavassoli is an amazing and charismatic person whom made this course very friendly but challenging at the same time. Thank You!!
This has been the best use of my time during the global lockdown.  As an advertsing professional, this course  has radically changed my understanding of brand management and I am eager to use this new understanding to grow my clients' brands.
The Course was thorough on each topic with examples. Each Assignment gave us opportunity understand our knowledge and also other reviewing other assignments gave an aspect to think about the topic differently. Thank you for this experience.
Absolutely brilliant! Perfect balance between the lectures, interviews and assignments. Above all, I loved that it is more case study embedded, rather than theory heavy and the from the outset it aims to bring the new ideas on the subjects.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course.  Professor Nader Tavassoli is very engaging and his descriptions and examples leave vivid images and enable clear understanding of concepts that translate well for all including non-marketing professionals
I am very  fortunate that i got the opportunity to enroll i this course. My professor Nader Tavassoli was an amazing teacher. I've got to learn a lot and enriched my knowledge from him. I am very thankful to Coursera for this opportunity.
I have enjoyed this course, it is really well adapted to a global audience with so many interviews, testimonials of successful companies as best practices. The professor  speaks universal language in terms of examples. Recommended class !
I liked this course. the videos were really informative and I managed to use it quite a bit when I was working. Videos really helped me to remember more better and it helped to answer the questions that was asked of me with relative ease.
Presentation was top notch. I loved the fact that concepts were grounded in relatable examples and experiences. Would recommend it to anyone interested in understanding what makes a successful organization from the branding perspective.
I am really happy that i had a possibility to take park in this course. I learned very lot, and it really changed my point of view about branding. Professor Nader Tavassoli is an awsome teacher! Thank you very much for the possibility !
Excellent course which combines knowledge and real case studies.  A great overview of brand management with tools and concepts which make the course easy to understand and on the same time give you the techniques to apply the knowledge.
Coursera is practically a helpful, insightful and informative Platform for those business students, businessmen and entrepreneurs. The professor, Nader Tavassoli is great!  has a lot to share and thank you for the insights. Godspeed!
Excellent course! Well designed, well structured, wonderful teacher, challenging quizzes and a MUST for those who want to learn more about Brand Management!  Thank you Professor Nader Tavassoli for being a magnificent professional!
This is the best course on brand management. Thanks a lot to Mr. Nader Tavassoli who left no stone unturned to broadly explain the concepts involve in brand management using various examplpes, case studies and corporate interviews.
Brilliant course! Professor Nader Tavassoli brings us great brand management insights through a contemporary view of brand management. There are great content of videos, and interviews with the most relevant names of the industry.
This is an incredible course! I'm motivated to take these learnings into the next phase of my career. Nader Tavassoli is a top tier lecturer and because of this course - I now have a desire to study at the London Bussiness School!
Well structured and Very insightful course. Concepts are thoroughly explained and communicated well. The best part of this course is the industry interviews that give great insights into how the concepts taught works in real life.
Professor N. Tavassoli did an excellent job with this MOOC, brilliant professional who demonstrates knowledge and experience and who also went the extra mile to ensure the course would be easily understood by people at all levels.
I personally gained a lot of knowledge from this MOOC by professor Nader Tavasolli.Very insightful, based off modern concepts and quite easy to understand.Toatally worth it.Thank you so much professor Nader, with all due respect.
The best online course i've ever tried. Content is very interesting and useful, especially examples and MOOCs. This course inspires to try all  concepts in real life.  I'm very thankful to have an opportunity to join this course.
The course has helped me a lot in many ways. It has created more thrust in me for the genre of brand management and marketing and I am looking forward to do more courses in this area and will try to excel further in this segment.
I am not a person who can easily enjoy studying specially online , but this course got me hooked till the last bit. the MOOC added a lot to my knowledge and background .. loved Dr Nader’s way and hope to join more of his courses
It was a great experience. I always wanted to learn with real life examples and case studies which was provided by this course in abundance. Thank you Nader sir for your wonderful explanation, it was really great and enjoyable.
This is a well structured course that touches upon several key themes.  My suggestion would be to add a chapter on what digital strategies and how digital marketing techniques should be  leveraged to further the brand value.
I have just started the class and it's absolutely amazing ! The teacher is an amazing soul who explains things so clearly, and he even runs some interviews with real CEO's and entrepreneurs. Thank you for your amazing work !
This course really assists well with overall understanding of Brands, as well as contemporary differences in how they are managed.  Up to date, and well explained with great visuals, there is an abundance of clothes hangers.
This course helped me a lot to clearly understand everything about branding. My studies are on Marketing & Communication field, however I learned many new things. I feel like I have my Master degree! Thank you Mr Tavassoli.
It was a perfect practise-oriented course with amazing professor! It was very interesting to listen to him, I think if we are in the offline class no one will chat while he is talking because he is a really good speaker.
Great course! For me personally it was very important that all the
concepts were illustrated with business cases and vivid examples, which
facilitated a better and clearer understanding and comprehension of the
material.
Well structured course with great content. The professor explain the concept of branding that broaden my view about branding. The way that the professor explain the content is easy to understand and fun to learn as well.
Prof. Nader Tavassoli is great at making students understand every concept deeply. The course is extremely helpful in determining an organization its value in the world. Brand provides a face to a body called business.
It is a wonderful course with great mentors, great examples and tutorials... its all in one !! Go London School Of Business and Coursera to offer this course free of cost with quality teaching. It is just commendable!
the course truly explain all the concept about brand management in an example case so it is kinda hard to get what he try to say or the meaning behind it. but still a very valuable course. thanks for all the hardwork.
This course is very competitive and compiles all important information of Brand Management will give you comprise learning to build a brand. Loved this course looking forward to learn advanced course on the same topic
Course was overall excellent and the concepts delivered by Mr.Nadar was very clear and easy to understand.Assignment and Quiz developed to learn effectively help in making concepts more clear.Thank You!Harshita Kant
It was the great experience taking up this course, very much informative and got a good insight how the brand is managed and ran. Got to know the key aspects to be kept in mind while managing the brand and business.
This is a great course for everyone irrespective of whether you are an amateur or a professional. This course helps you to look at management and marketing through a different angle rather than the conventional one.
Professor Tavassoli
was absolutely amazing! Very knowable, but mostly I appreciate the way the
presented each of the concepts; very clear and easy to understand. I am looking forward to learning even more from him.
I took great pleasure in studying this course which was very captivating and rich. the professor used many examples of business from the professional world which made the course even more instructive and enriching.
It was a very informative course on Brand Management. Explained all lectures with sufficient real world examples. Had a lot of interviews with company heads which gave us more insights about their brand management.
The best part about Coursera is its flexibility.  i have personally learnt a lot from this particular course and has added some good values to my knowledge. this will surely help me in future for my corporate work.
Prof. Nader Tavassoli got an excellent style of teaching. I am very impressed. This is one of the best of the MOOC'S i have gone so far. It seems as if i am present physically in class. Thank you so much professor.
a great course curated by prof. Nader, of LBE. This course has expanded for me the horizons and understanding of branding for me, and has added tremendous amounts of value which can not be quantified by any Means.
Fantastic! This MOOC is complete and perfectly explained. I liked the way multiple present cases were shown as examples. I'd definitely recommend this course to everybody interested in brands and brand management.
Great and useful course, the examples are perfect and the tools about marketing and very helpful. I just feel more motivate it to develop the brand image in my own company and feel more confident to lead my team
This course was Amazing. I have learned so many different avenues and ways of how to define and look at brands. The instructor was great and very detailed. The information was very relatable and understandable.
Very good content and professionals. Good for communcation students who want to learn more about Marketing. Good for Marketing student who want to have a different and more real perspective of Brand Management.
It helped me understand Brand Management in the real sense and how the customer experience and its journey is what matters, was very crucial to learn along with those great examples and an awesome explanation.
The way Prof. Nader taught this course will leaves an impression on you and helps you remember all the important concepts much more easily. It is a fun way to learn and I would love to keep learning from him.
I think it is the best online course on brand management. It is very much simple and organized. I am not a business graduate but I understood every bit of it. A BIG THANKS TO MR. NADER! U ARE SIMPLY AWESOME!
Thoroughly enjoyed every bit of this course. Prof. Tavassoli, the simplicity and finesse with which you have exaplained complex concepts is amazing. The learnings and applications are very relevant and apt!
I had a wonderful experience learning about aligning your business, Brand and Behaviour through this course. Really enjoyed Professor Tavassoli's way of teaching and felt super connected through this MOOC!
It was a revealing experience, as a hospitality professional it can be very helpful and provide ideas on better ways to create experiences, improve consumer's journeys and even explore other career paths.
The examples, Peer graded assignments and also the interviews with different corporate leaders was overall a great experience. Special thanks to Prof. Nader Tavassoli for making it so simple to understand
I had a good experience learning from the London school of business through coursera . I got to know new things from the course which might help in my future business so I thank you for this opportunity.
This was a fantastic course with tonnes of examples, lot of interesting topics and beautiful explanation. This course also helped me to understand the importance of aligning business, brand and behavior.
This course has been one of the best decisions that I've ever done. The amount of information delivered, topics, interviews and examples were great and beyond to my expectations. 100% super recommended.
This course is an eye opener as to the mistakes most corporations make with regards aligning their business, brand and behavior. My sincere gratitude to Prof Nader Travassoli  for putting this together.
I will never forget that coat hanger, & all the valuable lessons on Brand Management that I've learnt. The instructor explains each concept beautifully with examples. I absolutely loved this course!
excellent professor to start with. His lectures, the interviews he provided, his assignments were so on point - i  am done knowing that i  got so much more than just reading a book about this topic.
Very Interesting and fun course and great explanation by the instructor. Just the interview videos were a bit too many and too long which could be reduced.Overall had a great time doing this course.
If you're a newbie, this course is perfect, if your're a professional, this course is an awesome refresher and if you're a brand manager, this course will help you understand your brand even better
Thanks a ton to professor Nader Tavassoli for such a great MOOC. It is really going to make a profound impact on the way we design and deliver the brand experience as a whole for the people around.
Immensely grateful to the teacher for sharing their knowledge in the most didactic way possible! Excellent agenda and great handling of the subject. I hope it is not the only brand course I teach!
The professor is the top. Maybe he could be a bit more deeply analyzer in some aspects. Overall, this is the best course you can find if you are not familiar with the economics-managerial world.
I recommend this for anyone interested in branding, professor Tavassoli's approach is eye-opening, he has a gift for delivering that makes it very pleasant to participate in this 5 week course.
The course categorically covers all the relevant metrics of Branding in all aspects of Business. Very relevant examples with lots of learning. Its the best virtual training for aspiring ones!!
well researched and well compiled topics.I would like to suggest some case studies of other continents too, as its a course with global audience.Thank you Nader and the team for your efforts.
The more I say the less it signifies the immense knowledge and experience I had from this mooch. A very big thanks to the coursera team for providing me the opportunity to go for the course.
Nader Sir taught all the concepts with examples  and this add picture to my understanding and gave many new learnings about the topic.Thankyou Nader Sir & Coursera for such an awesome course
I learnt a lot in this course, which would, no doubt, enhance the ability to perform in the field which I currently find myself. Excellent delivery by Nader Tavassoli. 10/10, would recommend
This course is great if you feel like your thinking pattern has become complacent. If you are looking for "new" questions to ask this is the course. It has helped free me from my idea block.
I was so interested in Brand Management but didn't get a chance to learned about it. Have to thanks the Coursera, gave me this chance, and the lecturer. His way of explaining was excellent.
Well First of All i would like to thanks my instructors  , a very nice and polite teacher , the way of his Presentations and teaching was very much Excellent , course was very beneficial  .
Dear Professor Tavassoli, this is the best course I have attended, thank you for the significant and purposeful learning.  Best regards.  Iliana Alcaraz Hess- Mexico-    www.hesstourism.com
This MOOC conducted by Mr. Nadar has very very enlightening giving us the right knowledge of Brand culture and the shift of brand culture from traditional to the professional brand culture.
Very interesting approach to brand management, i liked the reflection assignments at the end of each module. thumbs up! i would like to attend the London Business School physically one day.
I'm a third semester Marketing student and this course really helped me. All of the concepts were very interesting and professor Tavassoli's way of explaining made it easy to understand.
this is one of the best courses I have taken on this platform.  Nader Tavassoli is a great teacher. I would take more courses on this platform because of my experience with this course
Very interesting. This Module helps me understand the meaning of Brand and brand behaviour and how to align these two concepts with the business to better deliver on the brand promise.
It's a brilliant course. Learning from Professor Nader Tavasolli is one of the learning best experiences of my life. This MOOC is amazing and couldn't be explained in any better way.
Highly Informative. Nader was very careful to pick up great examples to bring alive the idea of the modules. Thank you for your guidance and lessons! It was a great one! All the Best
Brilliant understanding of concepts and some amazing interviews of some Great personalities And Professor Nader Tavassoli has made subject look easy with his tactics and fun attitude
Professor Nader is an excellent professor. The use of various examples and the use of props really made the concepts relatable and understandable easily. Absolutely love this course.
I am very thankful for the learnings I´ve got, very useful interviews and wonderful Professor Tavassoli! Just ranking 5 stars! Really teached me to build a healthy brand. Thank you.
Simply, Exceeds on Delivery Learning Outcomes.  From here, it's up to participants to capitalize and build on the learnings, to realize the Full Value delivered through the course,
Thanks to Professor Nader, I really liked the MOOC, his content was much better than the people interviewed, that's the only suggestion for the future. But him, an awesome teacher.
This course gave me the opportunity to see what really means building a business and a brand. Prof.  Tavassoli is a brilliant teacher and a good communicator. Highly recommended!
Professor was very knowledgeable about subject matter. Interviews with marketing leaders were exceptional. Course slides were very well done and were an invaluable learning tool.
the mentor show you the picture of brands through a point of view of people (customer as well as employee), and how core values of brands should be aligned to its business model.
It was incredibly useful and engaging at the same time.  This MOOC helped to ponder upon the critical details which were often treated not so important in today's business world.
Prof. Nader is a very talented teacher who is capable of sharing his viewpoint about branding in a smooth flow which engages his students without experiencing a second of boredom
Well mounted course and Nader is an exceptional professor and presenter. Very nice blending of research, theory, model and case studies that creates great impact on the learner.
Thank you Prof Tavassoli and the team at London Business School, I really enjoyed this course and I have gained new important skills that will be extremely useful in my career.
This course was well constructed and easy to digest. I found the views expressed in this MOOC to be refreshing and innovative, challenging the traditional way we view branding.
A truly wonderful course and so well presented. This will help with my company offering I am sure. Thank you for offering these invaluable courses to us. Enjoyed every minute.
Cognitive material is presented in a cognitive manner. A very cool and involved lecturer who brings many interesting cases. I also liked the creative assignments every week.
I'm immensely thankful to Coursera for providing us this platform to learn something more valuable and better in a real sense.  Thanks a lot for providing practical support.
Passionate and amazing journey, with a top instructor. Mr Tavassoli has been an inspiring mentor, he has been able to convey us key concepts in a simple and  effective way.
Nader Tavassoli transfers his knowledge to us in a really interesting way. I got proper ideas about brand and brand management from the videos I have watched. Thanks a lot!
The MOOC showcases one of the best business strategies and the alignment of business and your behaviour towards it. I recommend this course to each and every entrepreneur.
MOOC is completely relatable to real-time examples and interviews. This course is a great value addition to those who aspire to know the basic essence of brand management.
the course was superb. It was highly knowledgable and I got to learn everything seamlessly. The professor was great. Couldn't have asked for a better professor for a MOOC
In one word, the course was "AWESOME"I would like to extend my gratitude and regards to Prof Nader Tavassoli for a wonderful course led by examples, cases and interviews.
Very instructive course that managed to give me a thorough understanding of Brand Management. The interviews with professionals of the field were what I enjoyed the most.
Thank you, Prof Nader! A very very insightful and enlightening course. A lot of useful case studies were presented which gave a better explanation of the topics in hand.
I really got help in developing and understanding what makes a brand successful. This course has given me the confidence and motivation that I can apply to my own brand.
The greatest takeaway of this course is the realization that people makes the brand and never the other way. It is experience of the customer that provide Brand Advocacy
The course was well packed with all right ingredients and key to what is Brand Management and what does make a brand success and it gave me a new perceptive and insight.
Very nicely explained lectures. I loved the interview with industry personnel which is quite insightful. Professor has its own way of explaining and is very informative.
This course has taught me so many valuable things about Brand Management, highly recommended and great job Professor in keeping the videos short engaging and effortless.
The course instructor is fantastic. He will make you go through all the different aspects and Brand and Brand Valuation. It has been a great learning experience for me.
It has good materials and very easy to understand especially for me who has short attention span. I was amazed how i was completely engaged throughout the whole course.
Very good course design by the London School of Business. The instructor is very knowledgable and has a good ability to explain all the concept with suitable examples.
Very well structured and informtative course. A good mix of theory and  intro into applied examples through interviews with execs from companies across all industries.
I thoroughly enjoyed Professor Nader Tavassoli's friendly and immersive course. I feel that I now have the tools to apply in practice immediately. It was enlightening!
i have liked the South west Airlines cheerful attitude video the most in the course....how the individual employees of any company can bring the change in any company
I've learned so much from this course.  While it's only five modules, the material is dense in that pretty much everything said and articulated is important to know.
I loved the lecturer and the course opened my mind to concepts I had never before considered. Would highly recommend to anyone whether interested in business or not!
Prof.Nader Tavassoli has given all of us a very good understanding of how brand management works and why is it and very important aspect for a business to run smooth
Prof.Nadar is a Great Resource Person , He has articulated very relevant examples linked to the contemporary Conceptual Knowledge of Brand Management.My best wishes.
The course was very good with full of so many information and real world practices. It will help me in understanding the Brand management and making a career in it.
EXCELLENT training with real corporate world case studies. This was worth the time, and my world view is totally changed. I started small but now am growing bigger.
Excellent course!For me it was eye opening especially in terms of internal management in matters related to the brand.I had never thought of it that way. Thank you!
The course was extremely helpful and even fun. The professor was thorough and articulate and made the learning process easy. I enjoyed being a part of this course.
Gained some very interesting & new insights. Instructor kept it engaging through relevant examples, interviews and by introducing new concepts. Enjoyed completely.
An extremely engaging course. The professor made it a point to go into the intricacies of each detail but at the same time, did not bore the viewers with details.
An amazing course! The examples used in this MOOC is up to date and the Professor knows how to illustrate all the topics so, participants can easily relate to it.
It's a great journey of 5 weeks and personal interview with brand manager and CEO is a awesome to watch for.Personally I thanked for teaching me a value of brand.
This course is great! Really interesting interviews and recommended reads. Up-to-date theories and information, with examples from all over the world and markets.
The Professor is an amazing fellow. Made it so simple to understand with all the examples. Assignments could have been better though. Overall a great experience.
A great MOOC by Professor Nader Tavassoli, London Business School. Throughly enjoyed taking a deep dive into this exhaustive Brand Management program. Thank you!
This was the most interesting experience in I have had on an online course. It was different and interesting at the same time thanks to professor Nader Travasoli
Great instructor and very thorough and interesting material! All of the concepts learned can be applied to multiple situations and experiences. Highly recommend.
What an excellent and well-paced course. Loved the content and the way it was delivered. Great real life examples and interviews. Very insightful and practical!
This MOOC taught me a lot of valuable things deeply. I want to thank so much to  Professor Nader Tavassoli and other members who put effort to create this MOOC.
A genuinely interesting and refreshing way of looking at brand management. It has sparked lots of new thoughts and ideas which I’m excited to explore and apply.
A very interesting course which gives new insights into brand building and how the various processes and systems need to aligned to help the brand gain momentum
There were innumerable errors, typos in the transcripts of all the modules throughout the course. I don't think that is acceptable of a platform like Coursera.
Great insights about branding, business and behaviour along with some other important aspects which are generally missed through conventional business models.
It will sound awkward, but i got emotional on the last video where the Prof. end the course with a summary of the course and with the greetings! Great course!
I am not involved in the area of brand management but, it was so easy to understand and helpful of the concepts and examples viewed. I recommend this course.
This course is really good and it has definitely gave me the idea of brand handling and how we can go deeper to make our brand successful.Thank you Coursera.
Excellent course. It really gives you the essence of branding and makes you see brands from a different perspective. The assignments are an amazing exercise.
This has been a great course and experience! Professor Tavassoli is very knowledgeable and his lessons contained many examples that made clearer the topics.
Amazing course! All the lectures were interesting and the instructor is great. I’ve got lots of new insights, so this program was definitely useful for me!
This was my first Coursera Course and the experience is just amazing.Thanks to London Business School and Professor Nader Tavassoli for this amazing MOOC.
A Masterclass delivered by Professor Nader Tavassoli, I can't thank enough for his obvious vocation for teaching and great ability to convey his knowledge
Excellent Course!! Superb articulation and excellent explanation by Prof Nader Tavassoli.It is a must for all the aspiring leaders in Marketing & Sales.
It’s been a wonderful journey of knowledge, the concepts are very useful and important from the management perspective. I have learned a lot. Thank you.
Thank you......this MOOC was very interesting, current and relevant.  Found the content to be practical - addressing real world challenges in branding.
This course was very informative and helpful. I have already started applying what i have learned in the course to my business brand. Thank you so much
Excellent professor with great use of current examples. It is a course that is based on current brands, and it features interviews with professionals.
Very well delivered course and with very good and practical examples... The professor had a very clear way of talking and explaining all the concepts.
this course was very insightful and has made me more aware on how to manage a brand. recommend this course for all brand and product marketing experts
Very concrete course, I truly learned something. Interviews can get a bit boring sometimes. But the lessons learned are pure gold. Highly recommended.
One of the best MOOC I have taken so far. Nader Tavassoli is an outstanding professor and gives examples that help to understand every concept given.
Thank you so much dear Coursera for your detail knowledge and enthusiatic studying environment. Wishing you all the very best for your future career.
All concepts were explained clearly through live examples and interviews with industry experts, which was helpful in understanding the topics better.
Amazing course for people who want to open their own business or even want to upscale their present one. Great information with examples is provided.
Really enjoyed this course. Interesting, well thought out course materials. Enjoyed the holistic view of branding that Prof Nader Tavassoli teaches.
I really enjoyed the course. I could learn very attributes of the brand. Also, there is so many interviews and cases and we can see in the practice.
One of the best "Brand Management" I have ever from one of the top business schools worldwide, Thank you, Professor Nader, and waiting for the NEXT.
This course has all basic ideas about brand management. All interview video of great companies gave me a much clear idea how brand works in market.
Such a great professor and interesting, well-designed certificate! Fantastic interviews and case studies to keep the course interactive! Thank you!
Amazing teacher! Easy to understand his explanations with lots of examples. Interesting interviews with great professionals. New view of branding.
Certainly the best course I have done so far. the lecturer is the most skilled for distance learning from all the courses I have been involved in.
This course is very helpful if you want to understand the basics of the topic. Using relevant examples and cases really helped drive the content.
Amazing course! The professor was clear ans used excellent methodologies. I learned a lot and hopefully all of the will be applicable at my job.
Loved each module, Professor Nader was a great teacher! The course made me see the business world from a whole different perspective. Thank you.
Really enjoyed this course, everything was interesting and fun to learn! Highly recommend and the great thing is you can do it at your own pace!
The course with very informative and such an eye-opener for me when it comes to branding. The instructor was excellent and the content is great!
Not only will you learn a lot, but it will also shine a light on your career path. Professor Tavassoli has done an amazing job with this course.
Amazing course! The concepts are explained very well. The best part is the peer graded assignments which test your knowledge and understanding.
As a new student to the concept of Branding, this course really expanded my knowledge and gave me tools to apply what i have learnt. Thank you
The course was constructed comprehensive and compact. I am really inspired by the content exceptionally well presented by Professor Tavassoli.
The course gives a very good and complete insight of the brand's role in business. It is a n excellent choice to learn from a great professor.
This course is fantastic, it clearly brings out concepts of brand management and a brand promise can be delivered.Very well structured course.
Very educational and an interesting take on concepts that most marketers think of differently. Overall very insightful and highly applicable.
Very interesting perspective of how to manage the brand and a whole new concept between HR and Marketing working together, loved this course.
This course taught me how brand management actually works and provided me the knowledge i need to truly understand core concept in my field.
it's valuable course, it gave me another extent and understanding in how to run and market Business starting from Business, brand, behavior.
Absolutely amazing course. Please add some example problems in the last section, so that students can actually calculate some brand metrics.
I liked this course , and learned new concept of Branding .overall Exercise and matter of course is very good well explained thru examples
A new way of working with brands. Every marketing, HR or C-level professional should understand these concepts and apply them, immediatly.
Prof. Tavassoli is very engaging and the course contents are helpful in acquiring awareness of fundamental dynamics in the subject matter
Excellent course structure and lot of practical insights especially interview with industry professional is the highlight of this course
Excellent course! Well explained and the assignments are helping students to reinforce the concepts in the chapter. Highly recommend it!
I'd like to express my profound gratitude to Nader Tavassoli for his great work under this course. It was really interesting and useful!
The course was very insightful and well delivered with relevant case studies, book and references. Highly recommended for entrepreneurs.
Eye-opening thanks to the balance of theoretical and practical approaches. The examples and interviews drove home the concepts clearly.
The facilitator did an amazing job at breaking down the different concepts and also use of relevant examples to pass the message across
It was an amazing course, Professor Tavassoli has been great through out well timed videos and awesome case studies and examples given.
Thank you very much! The course has helped me understand or take a new look at many things in branding and marketing. Highly recommend!
Learned so much from this short course. I can't wait to apply my learnings into action. Professor Tavassoli is great and not boring :)
Amazing experience the professor explained everything in a very well mannerLearnt a lot from this course one of the best study content
This is a great MOOC! You can understand how important Employee Branding, Employer Branding, Brand Image and Customer Journey Mapping.
Fresh light on brand management, interviews with representatives of top companies, simple but yet very interesting practical examples.
Professor Nader was able to deliver the theories, concepts, and real-world implementation of aligning brand, business, and behaviour.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course! The theory is explained so clearly and is accompanied by some great examples. Definitely recommended!
A very nice and knowledgeable course with insightful learning by providing real life example to explain the terms. i liked it a lot !
Very organized and informative course. All the concepts are very important for, me to draw a good rout map of my prospective carrier.
the course was very informative and the videos were clear and made it enjoyable and kind of easy to go  through with all the modules
Great course. Professor Nader Tavassoli is a great instructor who understands the psychological and intellectual aspects of branding
It is an extraordinary course, a modern Brand Management point of view I really enjoy it, I am waiting for another marketing course.
Great MOOC, I have enjoyed learning new ideas of brand management. Thank you Professor for this very interesting and engaging course
Truly, I have become a fan of Prof. Nader Tavassoli. I wish I could meet him personally and learn more things happening around from.
Thank you so very much for making this course available for me to take online. I learned a great deal and the course is informative.
The course content is great. Some of MOOCs are extensive, hence you might need to put in more hours to complete the course in time.
Great course, learnt some amazing concepts of Brand management which was previously unknown to me. It was a great learning journey.
The course gives a good insight of the brand management aspects andthe inclusion of the interviews adds to the quality of the MOOC.
It was an excellent course, I liked so much the methodology It was so understandable and clear. It makes me love more the marketing
The modules in the course are well thought out and cover nearly everything one needs to expand their knowledge of brand management.
The professor was able to articulate his concepts on branding extremely well and it was enjoyable. I highly recommend this course.
I think this course is quite effective to understand brand management and behaviour. There are lots of sample to understand better
This course changes the way that I view branding. It make me realize the need to put more effort into establishing a better brand.
Highly recommend. You will learn and gain the tools to shift your view towards a much deeper understanding of successful branding
In depth knowledge of Branding is given in this course. If you are from marketing background than you should opt for this course.
Great insights and Professor has easy to understand concepts. Hope LBS could introduce more Retail, Brand and Management courses.
As a senior executive from a non marketing back ground I found this really useful.  Lots to take back to the business I work in.
I never would have guessed
I would have such a great time in this MOOC.Words alone can not express it.I recommend it to everyone
I really enjoy this MOOC. ıt was so detailed about branding and gave me insight about business.brand and behavior's connection.
Very good course with amazing knowledge, I understood more about business and brands and how it all works, thank you very much!
Great tutor and very interesting content. I have taken many concepts back to my organisation to look at how we can work better.
All the assignments and quizzes were really good and explorative. The way Prof. Nader Tavassoli explained the topics was great.
An informative and in-depth course that provided me with far more relevant information than I'd imagined it would. A 'must-do'.
Great course! The teacher explains very clearly and uses real life examples with companies of different sectors to illustrate.
A must take course for everyone who wants to learn essence of creating strong Brands and also the modern paradigm for the same
Am excellent course. It was very informative and a great learning experience. Looking forward to more learning opportunities.
Great course and wonderful trainer.Heartiest thanks for opportunity to learn. Going to be much beneficial in my future tasks.
An amazing course, very well explained. I will definitely take another course of the school's program or the teaches as well.
Absolutely stunning way of teaching of Mr. Tavassoli, great examples, fun to watch and really useful and insightful content.
This is one the best course if you want to know how the brand relates to the business and the behaviour of its stakeholders.
This is an excellent course that will help you understand that a brand is a whole entity, I loved it. Greetings from México!
Amazing Course. Gained a great deal of learning through this. If you are in the field of marketing this course is a must-do.
Really good course, the professor explains very well the concepts, he goes very deep inside each one. I highly recommend it!
One of the very best to actually understand how brands must be perceived and handled in the modern-day business environment!
Nader makes a fantastic job explain everything in a very smart and easy to understand way. Loved every minute of it, thanks!
Excellent course! Good marketing concepts well explained and lots of interesting interviews with prominent business leaders.
I benefited a lot from this course, the delivered conted is very clear and logical, a fantastic course, highly recommended.
It was a really easy going course. The approach was very well developed and I applied a lot of concepts to my own business.
A fantastic all-round brand strategy course that will serve you well in your lifelong business journey. LBS rocks this one!
Great course, very useful. And it was very illustrated to have real case interviews with top people!! that is a very plus!
The course is very informative, engaging and challenges how we think about branding and brand alignment.  Thank you Nader.
Great view on the approach that all companies that want to thrive should take. Easy to understand and really motivational.
Amazing content. I appreciated the way it was presented and the tasks design. Prof. Nader met my expectations and beyond.
Thank you for delivering a wonderful  MOOC.  My humble suggestion is to include more examples from Asian perspective too.
I've always wanted to learn more about Brand Management and this course fulfilled my purposed. Nice instructor and VDO !!
Great course. Really engaging and knowledgeable professor. Valuable insights that I have taken into my current workplace.
I really liked to be a part of this course and got many information and techniques to understand about Brand Management.
it was an amazing experience, i learned some new concept from this course, and teacher put his best effort in this MOOC.
I happened to start this MOOC to see what it looked like and got so captivated by Nader that I pursued it until the end.
Wonderful lectures from a great teacher. Thank you Professor, thank you University of London and London Business school.
My First Completed coursera just enroll to it, you wont regret! I never knew brand knowledge will be this richthank you
This course was excellent. I learned many things. Professor Tavassoli is truly great at explaining and giving examples.
Excellent course!! Good Course Syllabus. Instructor gave loads of examples to make course really understandable. Thanks
I highly recommend this course and you will gain alot of knowledge about brands and how to achieve a successful journey
Very informative. I learned something new throughout and the interviews and anecdotes helped contextualize information
This course has a brand range of concepts which gives in depth understanding towards branding aspects. Must do course.
Nader Tavassoli is an excellent Professor. The material for the course was very interesting. I certainly recommend it.
Indeed a great course to delve into the intricacies of BM. Great for someone willing to pursue it as a line of career.
Highly recommendable!! Trust me if you want some good knowledge about Brands and Branding then Go For it!! it works :)
Very enlightening. There are a lot of interviews with professionals that explain the concepts of Professor Tavassoli.
Thanks Professor Nader Tavassoli, after this MOOC I can say I see bussiness and brands totally from a different view.
Great insights, interesting new approaches, very modern and strategic way of thinking - would do it again every time!
Excellent course learnt a lot of detail about business and behaviour. The way of teaching by the tutor is commendable
This course is very well-done and I can say that I have truly learned and changed my perspective on Brand Management.
Very relevant information for someone who works in an organisation that is shifting towards an Omni-channel strategy.
A really great course. It was very useful for implementing my skills. Thanks Nader Tavassoli for such a great course.
This is an amazing course. I learned a lot and the cases that the professor brought up were great. I'm glad I did it.
It was a very interesting course and the instructor was very nice, explained vert well. A big thank you to Mr. Nader
Excellent course with University of London/London Business School and instruction, Dr. Nader Tavassoli! -kiran varma
Huge fan of the way Prof. Nader explains things. A must course for anyone planning to be a product or brand manager.
very nice, learnt a lot of new things, time management, brand management, aligning, very much happy with the course
Truly informative and insightful. The idea of using interviews with tp professionals also made it quite interesting
an awesome journey of branding. the course content is amazing. the delivery is simple and powerful. great insights.
Great course indeed and contain vast knowledge which delivered properly to me about the deepest of Brand Mangement.
Great course, highly recommended! Professor Tavassoli makes the journey educational and enjoyable at the same time!
Was a good refresher course for me and I enjoyed learning some new concepts and approach to marketing and branding
Very interesting and exiting. It forces shifting your mind and to glance on the branding process from another side
Highly recommendable. The format is very user friendly with phone or laptop, and the content has been very useful.
The professor, is really good, he knows the topic very well and of course he knows how to explained everything.
Fast paced, focused and very informative course. Wish the Professor taught more such courses, he was excellent!
I have come across really new insights which have helped me change my thinking process towards brand management
Nader Sir Your example from the real world is just Awesome and make it easy to understand the concept of terms.
Very easy to understand and mind-opening course on the essentials of brand management, I highly recommend this.
I think it was a great time spen. I gaine a lot of new information and also new point of view on the branding.
Excellent mooc with very detailed explanation and insightful interviews. Thank you very much for the teaching!
Loved the instruction of this course. Very insightful and useful information on the topic of brand management.
Great material! The teacher is also very good. I hope I can use the concepts I have learned in the near future
Easy to understand and very much applicable. I really love how Nader Sir taught us through real life examples!
The course has all the required practical insights and can help you to take organisation forward in many ways.
Amazing Course and amazing faculty. A must do course for all those who have some interest in brand management.
I found this course interesting, also there are a lot of things one gets to learn. Had fun doing this course.
Great course! Very comprehensive and easy to learn. The subject is really up to date and is very much useful.
I love this Course, as I am quite enthusiastic about Business and Brands this course helps me a lot to learn.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. Excellent content. Good interviews. Very engaging and knowledgeable lecturer.
its quite good and has so much information. Thank you for your support to learn this brand management course.
Very very interesting course. I felt I have learnt many new things. Extremely clear tutoring, really like it.
The material was well curated & presented. It was easy to understand, a job well done by Professor Tavassoli!
Was really great experience of brand concepts studying. I refreshed my knowledge and learned some new things.
A comprehensive view of business, brand, and behavior alignment taught in a straightforward compelling way.
The depthness and the examples are so well.I learn alot and I am excited to apply it in my further career😊
If you are on Coursera ,this course is a must. I really hope Professor Nader provides us with more courses.
It was a great Branding journey and relevant for applications on jobs and extension to new career endeavors
I have learned too much from this course. Its beneficial in my career.Thanks a lot courseraThanks a lot LBS
Learned a lot in this well organized MOOC! Great concepts brought to life through lecture and interview :)
Very thoughtful and informative course with so many examples and processes to apply in the business world.
I had a lot of fun while doing this course and I am grateful to have been given the opportunity to do it.
The professor was clear and easy to understand. The modules were informative and provided great concepts.
Great course! I have learned a lot! I would appreciate if the teacher will record more courses in future.
It will totally change your perception of the way how you look at brands and a great learning experience.
The Course provides a very Holistic knowledge of brand management  including a lot of practical examples
Professor Nadar teaches in a really good way. He made things simple and I learnt a lot from this course.
Very good course. Great examples from businesses that underpin the key concepts of the course. Thank you
Great course, I got a very good knowledge of the brand and will see every brand as a living identity :)
It was an amazing course, I am very glad I took it. I wish I could study at LBS and meet Mr. Tavassoli.
The professor explained it really well. Also the assignment questions made it a really good experience.
Absolutely loved this course. The concepts were very relevant and Prof. Nader is an excellent teacher.
All the concepts were explained in depth and properly. I have learned a lot from this course. Thankyou
This was insightful and will actually be applicable in real life unlike theories that can't be applied
Loved it, for me this course is an eye opener.Recommended for those who want to know how brand works.
I enjoyed this course a lot. The peer reviews kept my learning in check as well! It was really great.
Along with the informative content, I loved the examples and interviews which were used in this MOOC.
Highly recommend this course to people, seeking for strengthening marketing and managerial knowledge.
It was a great video for anyone that wants to understand how brands work and how powerful they can be
Superb. Learn Plenty of New Skills. Easy to understand. Relevant to the Current Business Environment
Great insights on designing a brand's strategy, defining all the crucial elements and aligning them.
This course is really match my career and current task. thank for all concept to enlighten me a lot.
I really learn many things about branding. Also, Course Instructor is  so quete, sweet and old hand.
Amazing Professor, learnt a lot of new things, with such a different perspective. Thank you Coursera
Very informative. Course content is clear and engaging. Thank you Nader Tavassoli and the LBS team.
Very good course... I learned a lot and I can use that knowledge to develop mu own brand so easily.
The course is great and the way Nader Tavassoli has explained things with examples is just amazing.
Excellent professor leading the MOOC, the course content was very engaging, and I really enjoyed it
This course has a lot more to learn and practice, if you really want to understand Brand management
Great course that gave fantastic insights into how to manage a brand. Would definitely reccommend!
its quite good to get a perspective on why brand strategy is important, especially brand purpose..
An excellent course worth million dollars.Thank you guys and special thanks to my course trainer.
This course gives a very in-depth knowledge about how the brand image is built through 3b model.
An insightful course, would definitely recommend it to to anyone who's interested in branding :)
it's easy to understand really love the way professor teach and the example of the brand as well
Dr Nader Tavassoli handled and presented this course extremely well. I enjoyed every part of it.
The learning experience was exceptional Prof. Nader was very wonderful in delivering the points.
Thank you for the course. I learned so much about brand management especially in business world.
Absolutely fantastic and exhaustive course material. special thanks to Mr. Nader - He made it re
Best MOOC I've taken, best professor I've ever learned from. Made me contemplate taking an MBA.
Awesome professor! I really enjoyed the examples you used to best describe the topics at hand.
The lectures explained with the relevant examples helped me to better understand the concepts.
Im from Guatemala! Excellent MOOC! Thank you for all the examples is the best way of learning.
I don't think there could be a better course for Branding than this. The instructor is awesome
It was really beneficial course and I definitely suggest. Nader Tavassoli is a great teacher!
Really insightful and interesting MOOC. Well presented with great case studies and examples.
kudos to professor Nader Tavassoli, a very well designed MOOC. highly recommend to everyone.
Fantastic teaching by Nader Sir..!! He set the live examples and the interviews were awesome
This course was very detailed and the facilitator did a good by using real life situations.
Very informative and interesting. Teaching method is great and assignments are very useful.
I really enjoyed this class and got to learn so much more about branding than just reading.
It is an eye opening course am not gonna see business the same again,very helpful thank you
Very informative and apt. Easy to understand and systematic. Good examples and interactive.
Really useful course, I learned a lot and I will apply all of my new knowledge in my work.
Extremely informative and effectively engaging. The instructor explains things splendidly!
This course has changed positively my marketing philosophy. Thank you, professor Tavassoli
Great course if you are eager to learn about brands. Great examples throughout the course.
Loved it, he made everything so very clear, fun and interesting, i really recommend it. <3
This is an excellent MOOC to study, its very well explained by Professor Nader Tavassoli.
A gérât course that guides you through the quintessential parts of branding and business.
Great course on how strong leadership can elevate a brand by aligning people and purpose.
Exceptional lectures and interviews. I am definitely joining London Business School soon.
An excellent course looking at Branding holistically and providing best practice examples
It was a very good experience . learned a lot , hope i will use the ideas in my work too
Very informative, great faculty and gives me lot of inputs to implement in my enterprise
The course was very well designed and gave a deep insight into how Brands actually work.
Extremely knowledgeable and effective learnings. It was indeed a pleasant experience :)
Great to be a part of this course. All concepts well explained with case studies. Great
I loved the program content, excellent professor, and great examples while explaining!
It was a great experience to learn about "brand management". It was really thoughtful.
I really like this course and this course provides me a good knowledge about the brand
Very thoroughly and detailed course. I got a lot of new perspective from this course.
Very insightful and with many pragmatic examples that makes the brand topic tangible.
Amazing course. Extremely intuitive and interesting. Can't wait for more such MOOCs.
Really enjoyed the course. The content and presentation are simple and effectiveness
knowledgeable and insightful content. enjoyed every moment learning from instructor.
Great course, great teacher. The approach to marketing was refreshing to me. Thanks!
Very beneficial, I learned a lot about marketing and branding. I highly recommend it
I enjoyed Professor Nadir's lectures. I would have liked to have downloadable slides
I have learnt new way to enhance branding in business to increase consumer loyalty.
Very interesting and useful, it goes very deep to the brand management touchpoints.
Enjoyed the professor, context, and the pace of the course. I learned a great deal.
Wonderful case studies and real world examples. This course gave me a wide insight.
This course is very useful for me.I learned lot of information through this course
A nice course reviewing many different aspects about what a brand is to companies.
Wonderful Course Structure. Very useful insights are given about Brand Management.
This course was well arranged and simplified. A good awareness on Brand Marketing.
Awesome MOOC! Helps me out with my business and gives a lot of important concepts!
EXCELLENT. WANT TO PARTICAPTE MORE COURSE/TOPIC OF THIS PROFESSOR NADER TAVASSOLI
It was a great learning experience. Instructor was very original in his delivery.
I absolutely loved the course and I thank Nader Travassoli has done a great job!
I enjoyed the course and learned a great deal about the many aspects of a Brand
I liked so much the way the teacher explain concepts and how used the examples!
Thank you so much for an exciting course.  I really enjoyed it and learnt alot
absolutely loved the course . this is a great course  for a beginner and worth
Great Marketing Course! Very useful info, a good teacher and interesting tasks
Very Good and clear teaching with excellent Example and Interview of Top CEO'S
One of the FINEST courses on Internet....Simply Loved it🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
This is overall a great journey and a great experience learning from the best.
Excellent course for anyone interested in how a brand helps the business grow.
The way of teaching was comprehensive and to the point i learnt a lot form it
Amazing learning experience.It inculcates a passion for managing the brand:)
I really love this course. now I can thinking to launch a product in market,
Very informative and a real eye opener in terms of how we approach branding.
Brilliant course beautifully explained by the professor. Highly recommended.
This course changed my mindset, amazing content and the professor is awesome
Very resourceful course, a great opportunity I will forever be thankful for.
Such a great course! Loved learning from this teacher! Hope he releases more
Very interesting and good quality course. Thanks for coursera and lectures.
One of the best courses I have taken online. Very engaging and interesting.
The assignments and lectures were structured in a proper way.. Lot to learn
Quite educative course. easy to implement in train others in the work place
Clear and fun way to refresh my knowledge on Branding. Highly recommended.
it was a great journey professor nadal was awesome. learned a lot from him
I had an excellent experience doing this program, thanks Coursera and LBS.
Lot's of insights I've got as well as got practical tools to use in my job
I have learnd many things I will use them in the future.Thank you so much
Great course I loved how dynamic it was, the interviews and the material!
This is one of the best coursera courses I've ever done. Well done Nader!
Great course with useful insights. Very well presented and content clear.
This course will give you a very good understanding of what branding is.
Amazing course. Full of useful information and offers great assignments.
Excellent Professor with Great Course delivery with lot of Good examples
Professor Nader was so specific and its pleasure doing a course with him
Great course, I really enjoyed  this time and learned a lot! Thank you!
A very comprehensive course that revolutionized my perspective of brand
Every one Will love this Course, Wonderful, and Lot of Insights loaded.
Very helpful that inspire me to develop my insights on brand management
Very good course and will boost you if you're in the path of business.
Great course! A much needed perspective on marketing in today's world.
Thank you for your education and inspiration. We will make our impact!
I have learned so many things! Every concept is explained thoroughly.
A great opportunity to discover another face of the brand management.
Great course for any one wanting to learn how great brands are made.
Thought provoking, and full of action items.  Loved the challenge !!
For marketing people, this is a great course to change your mindset!
I learned a lot from this course and it change my view for branding
Great content and wonderful explanation by Prof. Worth every penny.
Detailed explanation and deep analysis on overall brand management
It’s very clear instruction and example for each step of learning.
An absolutely amazing professor! Had a great learning experience.
Excellent course for Branding Professionals and Business Leaders.
Very informative, helped grasp the concepts in a very unique way!
I have learned a lot, personally the best course I have ever done
Great makes me think about the branding course. great assignments
A great course to start understanding what makes a strong brand.
A very good course to get started on brands. Highly recommended.
Great study material and lots of learning. Very nicely designed.
A very good course with new theory and many cases and  examples.
I Just love the way professor teaches with such great examples.
I am very satisfied with the educational quality of this course
It is really very explaining with good Examples. Thank you sir
Great course, teaches quite relevant material for today's time
Contents of videos were great! Thanks a lot Prof. Tavassoli !
The course was very well focused and informative, enjoyed it!
Great Course! My deep respect and appreciation to the Author!
very good course with clear explanations and practical cases
Very clear, extensive explanations with good business cases.
love the professor, with excellent examples and explanations
I highly recommend this course. Very interesting & engaging!
Very informative, constructive enriching learning experience
excellent instructor.I want do more course under instructor.
Thank you, the course touched more aspects, than I expected!
It was awesome, i wish it included some Analytics part also.
Very good inside-out angle of branding. It changed my mind.
One of the best MOOCs I've ever attended. Brilliant course!
Excellent course to be introduced in the world of branding!
Great course !!! I enjoyed a lot. It was a value journey =)
Great introductory course to branding and brand management.
This was an awesome experience for me! Highly recommended!
Highly recommend this to get a deeper insight on Branding!
Excellent course, thank you very much professor Tavassoli.
very good course for marketing strategy, business strategy
This course helped me start up my own brand and manage it!
i am in love with the content they provide in this course,
It was my first MOOC and every week it was a new discovery
Really amazing course and very well taught by Prof  Nader!
Very useful, information is up to date and very insightful
Great course; eye operners and new ways to look at things!
This was one of the best online courses i have ever seen.
It's very interested and I learnt muchc important concept
Great course and a very positive approach of the teacher.
Thank you to Professor Nader Tavassoli, amazing lectures!
great deal of learning about business,brand and behaviour
Great experience of learning.Thank you Sir.RegardsStephy
Really a good course for business,gained a lot knowledge
Best Course, taught many things related to this subject.
Amazing course!!! One of the Best MOOC i have completed.
A well designed course and provides extensive knowledge.
Great course. Concepts are well-explained with examples.
This was apparently the best course I have taken online.
Enjoyed this course! It had great concepts and examples.
I found this course really eye-opening and entertaining!
this is the good course I hope it can continue doing so
One of the most interesting courses I have ever passed.
Excellent course! I enjoyed Nader Tavassoli's approach!
A dynamic course, it's truly well taken by Prof. Nader!
Comprehensive & enlightening course on brand management
its very good, and good tutor for explanation material
Very well thought out course structure. I learnt a lot
Exceptional faculty. Waiting more from Nader Tavassoli
It was perfect. Many new things to learn. Go for it..
It was an amazing experience and I have learnt a lot.
The professor is a legit nigglet. I loved it mah man.
I learned a lot from this course, thank you so much!
This course is totally insightful for me. Thank you!
Great learning by examples and practical Interviews.
It is worthy for me to learn about Brand Management.
Amazing approach in branding, I highly recommend it.
This course added great value to my overall career.
Very Insightful, Expository, and Thought-provoking.
Excellent Course. Lots of Knowledge Gained from it.
There is so much to learn in this course. Thank you
it was awesome journey during completion of course.
Awesome course, I thoroughly enjoyed the experience
Excellent explanation with understandable examples.
It was an amazing course. I learned a lot. Thanks!
this course was very explanatory,i've learned alot
A very useful guide for branding. Simple and clear
This course has been exceptional and mind blowing
it was good platfrom for learning in all students
It was an amazing course and was very insightful.
Best teaching , very beneficial and best course .
Really helps to undertand things done to a brand.
My first course here and I just simply love it!!
One of the best course with plethora of learning
this was an exciting course and very benefiting
very insightful and I love all the assignments.
Best cause till date. Cheers to the  professor!
Excellent. How can I get a certificate for this
Wonderfull I learn a lot trought this course :D
This is a great course to learn about branding.
The videos were very usefull and knowledgeable.
Really enlightening course. Thank You Coursera
One of the best on Coursera. Recommend to all.
A great, hopefully a life changing experience
Very useful course, all themes with examples.
Well taught , clear explanations and examples
Great Learnings with new Paramount experience
This course is need for any marketing student
The best explanation. I recommend this to all
amazing course and examples highly recommend
Many thanks for a very comprehensive course.
I have learned a lot about brand management.
Very good and informative course on branding
A fantastic course for budding entrepreneurs
Great information and wonderful interaction.
Detail about the brand and its way to grow.
Very easy to understand. Highly recommended
Nice Journey with the mentor in this course
Professor Nader Tavassoli is simply superb.
Such an amazing course! Thank you Coursera!
Highly relevant for marketing professionals
It's the best branding course i had so far.
Outstanding and really enjoyed the content!
Very insightful and a wealth of knowledge!
Love gleaning from Prof. Nader! Thank you!
An amazing MOOC. Thanks to the instructor.
Well explained concepts with apt examples.
Professor Nader Tavassoli was brillant !!
Great Job Dr. Nader Tavassoli. Thank you!
OSWAM  EXPERIENCE COMES COURSES BEHAVIOUR
Great course! I learnt a lot. I loved it.
Learned a new concept :signature pricing
One of the best courses I have attended!
Excellent instructor and great learning.
Its a great course.I completely loved it
Very good concepts and insights on Brand
Very good for people working in commerce
Very important Course.Really interesting
Very good content and immensely helpful
Must course for a marketing enthusiast.
very informative and interesting course
Great depth and insight in this course.
Give interesting knowledge in each step
One of the best course I did. loved it
really interesting informative course!
Learned so much about Brand Management
Well designed content and resourceful!
It was a nicely put course experience.
Good course! clear and understandable
Amazing course with an amazing tutor.
Great Experience and amazing content.
This was the best course or Coursera.
One of the best courses in branding !
Awesome Course and Fabulous Professor
The course was highly knowledgeable !
Greatest course on brand management.
I loved this course and the content!
One of the best MOOC on 'Marketing'.
Great MOOC by Prof. Nader Tavassoli!
Good insights from across industries
Very educational and engaging course
Great course! Every week is full on!
best course i have learn many more..
A very well conceptualised course .
Tje couse was amazing and wonderful
Open eye course, highly recommended
Outstanding course!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Excellent course. Very insightful.
Such a good and meaningful course!
Great value for money and content!
Got good insight from this course.
Excellent. Teaching was too good.
Very useful and great explanation
Love the course. Great job, Kudos
Well explained and well designed.
Great course, Got to learn a lot.
Thank you for the great learning.
Great and very interesting course
great course , amazing insights !
the course for use to human life
it was great learning experience
VERY INFORMATIVE AND RESOURCEFUL
Fantastic course. Well worth it!
Excellent course for brand study
Very well developed course plan
Was very informative and useful
It was a wonderful experience.
Nice course very knowledgeable
Overall it was a great course.
This course is part of my life
This course is outstanding...
it was very helpful learning.
Thank you Mr Nader Tavassoli.
Professor Nader is super fun.
Great well thought out course
Great teaching and assignment
Great and insightful course!
I really enjoy this course .
GREAT COURSE, GREAT LECTURER
Exceptional, truly amazing.
very knowledgeable sessions
Insightful and interesting.
The lecturer was amazing!!!
The professor is fantastic!
It's a mind-blowing course.
Good course for Foundation.
perfect concepts and tasks
Vvery informative course.
Truly Exceptional Course.
Insightful and enjoyable!
excellent course with rel
it was super informative
One of the Best Course!
A new world of branding
very insightful course.
very  good for students
it was a useful course
Amazing point of view.
Its very good for us.
This was awesome mooc
It was a great MOOC.
Wonderful to adopt !
Professor is great !
Totally Recommended!
great course so far,
Really interesting!
Very clear delivery
This one is worth.
really good course
Very good concepts
really insightful
Highly insightful
Highly recommend!
Really usefull !!
Phenomenal course
It was beautiful
Very nice Course
Great course!!!
Good Learning !
AMAZING COURSE!
Very helpfull!!
>>Great Course.
Awesome Content
simply awesome
Well explained
Great content.
Very intesting
Very Educative
Really great!
I recommend!
Great method
greatcourse!
Very useful
nicely done
Productive
Brilliant!
I loved It
Great work
Worth it !
Good one!
