The course is a wonderful
But the idea of a peer and the final assignment a very bad
You need to wait ... for several days and a waste of your time in order to be assessed by other people
These people may be incompetent and give you a zero for no reason
And lost your effort and your time
You told me that the certificate is free of cost and why are you now asking for money. Its not justifiable. Its kind of garbage. I spend too much time on this course and this activity was very heartbreaking.
Lack of diversity of assignments, too many lectures. Would be great if instructor could make it more engaging
It's a good opportunity to students
Language was not at clear of Prof, an its too expensive to buy this this course should be 50% less that was its been asked for you cant have same cost for all course think and revise
Th Rating of the perr viewed assingment is not good if you use your own words the result id not good if you made a copy you can pass
Because  I answered 9 questions out of 10 correctly in week 5 quiz and it is showing only 7 are completed .
The course was interesting and a good way to approach a subject I was not familiar with. I do have to say that it repeats itself WAY TOO MUCH. The concepts are stretched far beyond what's necessary. The concepts could likely be explained in about half the time the videos and lectures take. It is because of this sloooow pace that I'm giving it 3 starts. Julian Birkinshaw is clear in how he explains the concepts but not the most entertaining professor of the cloud.
I enjoyed the way this course explained new ideas of management. The comparison of traditional  methods of management against new methods was especially useful, breaking down management styles into specific actions and choices.However, there were some aspects that made the course a bit frustrating:1) The course videos were belabored, for example taking a long time to define basic concepts.2) The lectures focused significantly on terminology, rather than the concepts. This was reflected in the quizzes and final assessment, which seemed more concerned with whether a particular word was used rather than if we could successfully reason about management.3) Management by nature poses open-ended questions and gray areas, but this course took a very black-and-white view towards some concepts (e.g. whether linear alignment is better or worse, etc) that don't necessary reflect the dynamic nature of reality.All this being said, I enjoyed learning many of the concepts in this course. I would recommend it for those who want to think about the future of business management, especially in technology. The case studies referenced were particularly helpful in getting gears turning along management lines.
The course is not bad. It helped to sort out the existed pieces of knowledge putting them to right places. However, as all other books and courses about Management, it does not really give you any practical skills which would help you to manage a team of subordinates. What is more, it sometimes seemed boring to me, so I used to found myself distracted, so I had to re-start the videos again and again... It was my first course at Coursera which I hardly completed, as I thought of giving up several times.
The content should very vast . After complete the course we have wait for week or more . I feel the content relevant to Sales people.
A great experience in understanding the different views of management, Very profound arguments made during the course of the module.
Basic concepts are well explained but examples and case studies are old
I have been working in leadership for +20 years and your thinking is that leadership cannot be learned if not by practice. However, when you come back to the classroom you realize about the importance of "zooming out" your experience, how you gain leverage when you contrast your day-to-day experience with "contemplating" the overall picture in an holistic way. Leadership is not about complex theories but about wait and reflect what is going on beyond your reality. To me, it has been a great opportunity to think relatively where I am relatively to the overall leadership management and where my Company is in this fantastic journey. Provided the current environment we are suffering (Covid-19 outbreak), this new challenge can be catalyzed as this view will be even more needed in the post-covid-19 "new normal"
Very interesting, it's highlight a lot of situations from our professional lives.However, I had some reserves/doubts here and there. For instance I'm wondering how many companies mentioned as using a modern management (and used to be a startup) have actually thought to that kind of management. I'm not sure that they have really intellectualized that, they probably did it in a more natural way. I was working in a (used to be) startup and managers were researchers basically without any great competencies in management, so it was a no-management by default, with a lot of good things, but bad too.
This course was well-pitched, interesting and varied. Julian brings it nicely to life and has a passion for the subject matter. It would be good if it could be given a small makeover for a post-Covid19 world, as the original MOOC was created a few years ago now. Some of the examples of management practice have developed further since the course was written and that extra perspective would be valuable. However, I would thoroughly recommend this course as a stimulant to thinking about how to approach management. It is broken up into easily digestible chunks but covers much ground in doing so.
While the concepts are not completely unknown (eg motivation etc), this course was holistically combined alot of various management concepts and provoked alot of thought regarding management in the future.   Although, this course may not have been developed in 2019/2020, it is very relevant (even more so) today's world as many organizations are looking at alternative ways to manage teams and alternative management styles needed.  The lecturer is engaging, the material is easy to understand and he provides many examples to illustrate the concepts discussed.Highly recommend!
Prof Julian is knowledgeable, I gained a lot of insights on the drivers, the management models, as well as how we can adapt to be the company of the future. I like how Prof Julian provides all the example in case studies so that we can relate instead of just a bunch of theories. The only small improvement that can be done is on how the way the material is presented. Instead of the traditional "classroom style stand and talk" in the video, perhaps Prof Julian can get video editor to do post-editing to make it more interesting.
It's a new point of view about company's management. All material is clear and linked to the subject and Julian has a very straight to the point didactic approach. The single point I would recommend to improve is about the forums of discussion: A separation of the student's interventions by classes by period could be helpful to improve the interaction among ourselves. It happens sometimes to see posts from 1, 2 years or even older and no exchanges could be possible.
As a future Management student or a Manager it is necessary to know difference between Management and Leadership, also examples, that provide a great idea about implementation of various Management tools. This course covered what Management was, what Management is, and what Management will be in the future with detailed case studies of various companies. Overall a very helpful course to those who wants to learn  Basic and Innovative Management principles.
Professor delivers with high quality performance. Lessons are well-thought and in depth with a lot of interesting examples. The worst aspect of this course is the peer-review final assignment. I had to wait for days for results to come up as "failed" (with scores getting so close to passing) when I put all my effort to answer correctly, following the question prompts. I have to resubmit so many times with this poor peer-review system.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, and many of the topics discussed are still relevant today despite the course being a few years old now. The lectures are straight-forward as are the quizzes, and I especially enjoyed being able to tie things up with a final peer assignment. It was also a very nice touch for the professor to add a final video each week to comment about discussion board activity highlights.
This is a very interesting and enjoyable course that gives great reading materials supplementary to the main materials. Thank you to the course team. The key problem with the course design is the peer marked review system for the final assignment. In the language of the course, there is no 'intrinsic motivation' to peers to mark correctly or with any effort, leading to inappropriate marking practices.
I liked the course, it was my first course regarding management and I found it very clear, very useful to have a first general approach to managing principles. Thank you! I didn´t really like the final assignment evaluation form, I like the assignment itself but when correcting others assignments I read all kind of weird answers even one which was a copy past of the sample answers.
Fantastic presentation by Julian Birkinshaw, well done!. An alert to stimulate the frequent review of the management model and innovate it over time. Julian is on top of the topic and explains it in simple and clear language. At the same time his view is substantiated by scientific insights and articles, expert views and relevant case studies. Great course!
I really enjoyed the course. Prof Julian Birkinshaw's presentation was excellent. However I was a little disappointed with the final assignment. I thought the model answers were short on detail. I may have missed the information somewhere, but as a new user I would have liked an initial tutorial on navigating around the programme.
this course gives us a well-organized framework about traditional management and althernative management. However, some details are included in the  modules, and even relevant reading materials. when it comes to benefits or weaknesses of a system or dimension, more details or explanation would be appreciated.
It was an interesting and informative course lead by a very knowledgeable Professor. I enjoyed the structure of the course, and how the content was delivered. My only criticism would be that some of the course work (readings, videos, case studies) were a little outdated.
Overall, I really enjoyed the course and found it to leave me each week with new insights and a lens on management strategy for the future. The first half of the course proved to be very insightful while the second half seemed to become a bit more dull.
Exceptional good course, however, beware of peer reviewers who do not take their responsibilities seriously. Note that one is not graded for the quality of one's peer review, nor is weighting based on peer review competency factored in.
Excellent overview of Management Models to consider moving forward and how well they play out against the challenges managers faces today, its benefits and weaknesses and related points to be  considered
Very good course, but I believe it could be updated considering that the "future companies" have already changed again and are different of 2014/2015. Very good teacher and speed of the classes.
The course is amazing! Dr Julian Birkinshaw is a wonderful lecturer, I enjoyed the course under his guidance. However, assignment reviewed by peers is not the best idea. It's not very efficient.
A few of the case studies and examples are a little out of date now, but overall a great course. Gives a really interesting framework for developing innovative management practices.
This course definitely got me thinking about the future of management models and the trajectory of the business world! I loved all of the real world examples as well.
very effective one course..if  we utilise this learning to our  professional life then i can must say that knowledge will help to  increase organisation efficiency.
Quite an impressive synthesis of research and information, that professionals at any position in their career can relate to and learn from. Great one, thank you.
The course enabled me to refresh my management skills/knowledge. I would recommend this course for those who have not done management courses before.
Its basically a course  which is useful for the upcomg managers and also knowing the changing trends of the industry and changes in managment process
The theory of alternative management models is a new insight for me. Thank you. Will definitely useful when I start my own business later.
Good course that provides really sound principles that I will certainly look to apply in my current role and potentially in the future.
Wonderfully crafted with great instructions and explanations. The instructor is superb and awesome. Informative course. Recommended.
great content for executives and managers use, it teaches a lot from a manager perspective and insights how companies think as well.
Good course specially for senior level executives who get caught in the usual rut of EBITDA/Profitability and Stock Analysts
THANKS FOR MAKING THESE TYPES OF COURSE TO HELP EVERY GET KNOWN EVERY ONE TOO GET MANAGEMENT PROCESS FOR FUTURE COMPANY.
Recommended for anyone interested in the subject of organizational management and business in a changing world economy.
I love this course. This course helps me to dig deep down to the critical aspects of management from the basics.
The content of the course was very informative. The instructor did an amazing job. It was easy to understand.
Great insights! The activities were amazing! But, the content of the course is not latest,little outdated!
Useful, pragmatic and realistic view of where to head for the future, as far as company mgt is concerned.
It was very lengthy, could be a bit shorter. The lessons were in depth and I learned a lot. Thank you!
The content was well designed and I have introduced a lot of knowledge on Management and Leadership
Julian Birkinshaw has done a great job. I look forward to working on new courses with him.
A great course to learn about different management models and the principles behind them.
The course content is sharp, aptly designed and relevant in this dynamic age of business.
this course is more useful and very good content...thank you so much for learning us.
I really enjoyed this course.  Great Prof.  Good interaction with other students.
Many use cases for reference and those are good for our learning consolidation
Useful and insightful course delivered in a straight forward approachable way.
Good Insight and examples does provide a new prospective towards management
this is very useful course to learn how to manage the company for future.
Extremely interesting course, which widen our outlook on the management
Important if you are preparing to lead the work space of the future
Good tio see Prof. Julian outting the points across passionately.
The course helped me learn the basic of how to manage the company
Peers review is not that positive as people are not that fair.
A wonderful course but could have been made more interactive.
Very useful for me as an Engineer but a bit out of date
Good approach to the new trend in administration.
Very informative, relevant, & engaging content.
was good and well explained and timed out.
Interesting Course with good case studies
The course was interesting
A good course well taught
Good lecture and content
This course is a good.
Very informative .
Good and clear.
I learned so much, about the right way to present a case analysis! Very meticulous and the community really care about what you put in your answers.  This course deserves to be taken seriously!
This course and the professor was definitely worth spending time on and learning from. For those that are looking for more certificate, I believe London Business School has a good name, the course title and course knowledge is strong. My rating 10 out 10 and can't wait for the next one.
Really enjoyed this course, I have provided a more detailed review, as well as for other coursera courses on my blog as linked below:https://rubicksjourneys.wordpress.com/2019/01/27/review-2-coursera-org-online-management-and-energy-courses/
I really enjoyed the course. Lots of information. The professor knows what he is talking about and he is very interesting to listen.  Most of all, I enjoyed the case studies in the end of every module.
I truly relished the time I spent studying this course. Amid the Covid-19 pandemic outbreak, this course was not only just a prediction of how the Company of the Future would work, but it was also more like a commentary on a documentary covering how we are transitioning into the new era of management. Thanks to e-learning and crowd-sourcing tools, I could use a highly remarkable program by The University of London and London Business School. I profoundly suggest this course for my fellow management enthusiasts. Sending my gratitude to Professor Julian Birkinshaw for his fast-paced speeches and well-defined lectures that helped me to stick to this course until the end and earn my first online certificate.Also, thanks to my peers who not only reviewed my assignment but took the time to put encouraging comments too. Cheers to Collective Wisdom and Crowd-sourcing!
The course content is well articulated and in a sequential manner.The examples given describe real-world scenarios. The professor's style of teaching and delivering the lecture is very good.
For insightful perspective on business management as whole from where it's been to where it's trying to go. The coursework from University of London was something I know I will benefit greatly from.
I really enjoyed the course so much. I gained enormous knowledge, and learnt new things where is not in my area of work at the moment. But I am sure as an employee, I can use a lot of it in my workplace. I thank you professor Julian who made very interesting through out the entire course. He is very good in giving examples, and how to put all parts of various companies’ stories together in very comprehensive and simple understandable way.
I learned a lot from this course... It gave me new ideas to put in practice at my job, and the professor is really good...!! He explain everything very well :( I really had fun in this course.
Best course to understand the management and future of management. A lot can be learned , even though you belong to any field if you want to be successful as manager this course is a must.
A+++ Great lecturer, and succinct approach, to portraying everything in a concise and provocative manner. I can trust this Prof. where as many localized profs. lack insight and knowledge.
Very helpful, it thoroughly describe the transition between traditional management into more modern alternative management approach which cope up with the recent condition of industry.
Many thanks to the instructor! The course was very informative. I like the combination of videos, examples, readings and case studies. This course is highly recommended to everyone!
Dr. Julian is amazing. I loved the amount of information i gained and how much Dr. Julian gives examples in order to explain the modules. Thank you for everything.
Prof B teaches passionately and carries you along the trend of thoughts easily. Great course to help think deeply about evolving management models.
This course is so exciting, especially the peer assignment part. It was so thrilling. Love it!
I have taken the opportunity offered by the lockdown in Nepal to register for couple of courses on Coursera.Of the courses I am taking or have completed, yours was maybe the most insightful in terms of relating the principles and knowledge to my current organization. Although I work in a traditional organization (a bank), with hierarchies and bureaucracy guiding our daily lives and objectives traditionally set through linear alignment, our working model has drastically changed with the recent change in management.Our targets are still backwards calculated based on the returns (in terms of %) we seek to provide to the shareholders, but the employees, apart from few at the top, do not see that. Our annual budget meets are now highlighted by project teams that focus around areas such as:effective brandingcost rationalizing (not cutting)product development, etc.Annual meets, that were enveloped by each branch’s numbers and performance indicators of target achievement, etc. are now fun. Linear alignment is not at all visible for most of the employees in the bank.This course has helped me gain insight about the changes that I am seeing in my organization and maybe provide better feedback on the same.
The course gives a clearer picture on how companies should strategize ,manage,lead and create room for creative individuals and emerging technologies who are ready to create new innovations and also sustain the company in the competitive world of business while also making profit and achieving company's set aims and goals through provisions of creating needed products and rendering valuable services to their environs and the world at large.Thank to Professor  Julian Birkinshaw, who made it simple and easier with words,tables and diagrams,these made it easy for one to understand managing the company of the future perfectly. Thanks to Coursera,The University of London and London Business School for this great opportunity to learn a very powerful and Knowledgeable course.
This course has introduced me to mentor Julian Birkinshawlike. His expertise and immense knowledge in management innovation, strategic agility, making innovation happen has opened a new dimension to reinventing management by connecting with network of visionaries including Gary Hamel, Jeffrey Pfeffer, Ricardo Semler, forums; understanding long-term business success in organizations like Google, W.L.
Gore, Whole Foods, Adobe and many more; also dwell deep to understand the learning from failures which few of the organizations had tried. Thank you Julian, University of London, London Business School and Coursera.
A very good and informative course with a great instructor. I really enjoyed all the videos and learnt a lot. The only thing I found a bit annoying is the fact that 50% of the score is a project that is graded by other learners. Maybe it is me but i learn for myself, not the others so I'd rather take an exam to check my knowledge than spend my time answering questions that are than graded by an unknown learner and reading the answers of others. Nevertheless apparently on coursera it is a common practice. Apart from that I am very happy to have taken the course and I highly recommend it!
The course Managing the company of the future is well detailed and Management being my course of study, it's has given me more insight to ways of changing the traditional model of management to the Alternative model which is more acceptable to the generation Y. It has reiterated the ways of becoming a better boss and understanding my biases as a manager.Being a good manager doesn't come naturally, i have to make conscious effort and work very hard to the needful and the expected as a manager, see and do things differently, make out time for works that matter and commit to my plan.
It was really a great and nice exprencie with this because i got more knowledge about MANAGING THE COMPANY OF THE FUTURE ................... Really it was very very great thing and it was my fortune to learn this subject from the foreign university like UNIVERSITY OF LONDON .................. I would like to thank them for giving us a chance of learning and knowing this subject in detail .................. Thank You all for such a great efforts that you all have taken for all of us ..........................  Thank You Once Again
It an eye-opener course for me towards business management and entrepreneurship. Thanks to Professor Julian Birkinshaw for an amazing way of teaching. Definitely will always use what you thought in this course in my business life. long live Sir Also Thank you so much to Coursera team for bringing all these gems to us.  Giving us such a well designed, user-friendly platform and wonderful study environment without you it's just can't happen to me. I just feel to keep studying and stay with Coursera by refusing all farewells :)
Well explained concepts by Professor Julian Birkinshaw who is a master at his subject.  The course is interspersed with thoughtful insights from Prof BIrkinshaw which make it very interesting.  However, a word of caution, when you start the course dont allow yourself too much time otherwise you will loose continuity.  Senior professionals and those having issues with attention span be sure to complete a section at a time to get reasonable results.  I enjoyed the course and hopefully I will enroll in the next one soon.
This is an accessible, yet dense course.  The language constructs alone to compare the traditional models with contemporary are priceless.  There are case studies and specific resources that are abundant and useful for practical reference and application.  I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to gain a much needed insight into the challenges management is facing today against the tides of disruptive technology, social changes and issues, next generation workers and the like.
Managing the Company of the Future course is very useful. I have learnt Alternative Principles of Management along with small case- lets about companies like IBM,Google, Valve, WL Gore, Oticon, Semco, Happy Limited and about their management process. Overall, The course proves to be a Great Learning Experience.I suggest the learners who want to Manage Any Company of the Future to enroll and complete this course as it will provide practical insights to Manage a Company. Thank You.
Great course.  I am from technical background and I always thought of myself as having poor managerial skills.  This course helped me understand that in many ways I'm already on the right path.  In a way this course helped me gain some self-confidence.  In addition it showed me some new ways to tackle day to day challenges, not only at work but also in personal life.  The same principles that can be applied to managing companies and organizations could also work in private life.
I highly recommend this course. The Professor does a splendid job at explaining the material in each module. He makes this course really informative and enjoyable. The course work is really educational and helped me a lot to understand how companies are changing, the different styles of management and the variety of business models that are out there. No matter where you are in organisations, this course will help you be a good manager and a positive visionary for any company.
Excellent Course!!!Professor Julian Birkinshaw did a fantastic job of laying out the principles of 'Managing the Company of the Future' in a way that was easy to consume.I particularly liked the balanced perspective provided between "Traditional and Alternative" Management Models. I enjoyed reading the case studies/ examples that helped bring the principles to life, since I've always been interested in the 'underlying principles' that make things work in the world.
Pleasant exploration of business models and management platforms in transition. Some charming quotidiens on incidences from circumstantial experimentation. Hard to know how to complete course and final may expect a bit too much "by the book" regurgitation  for my experienced creative nature. Fun and interesting; nice civilized break from the hell of our world right now with the covid thing. Overall ...a kind of tour de force for management education, in my opinion.
This is a wonderful, thought provoking course with an excellent instructor. Julian Berkinshaw is intelligent, his videos are concise and the overall lesson he provides offers incredible insight into the evolution of the corporate world and useful information for, literally, managing the company of the future. I would recommend this class to anyone in the working world, whether they're interested in business or not. The knowledge it provides is useful for everyone!
Professor Julian certainly knows his stuff and goes through the material in a logical structured way, pulling the lessons and themes together effortlessly. There are also some great contributions from both other professors and good case studies from those in organisations who have effected great changes. You have to mark other peer assignments and good way of learning to give constructive feedback and to gauge your perspectives and performance, against others.
The course was excellent and very comprehensive, yet thorough and clear. I would very much like to listen to the continuation of this course as well and get into the subject a little deeper. Julian is a great lecturer who understands perfectly and respects what he teaches. The course consists of well-balanced units and is easy to follow. If possible, it would be good to have a little more independent creative work that would be evaluated and mentored.
The course had given an overall outlook of managing the company of the future. being an aspiring entrepreneur, would definitely us,e adopt the learning that i have gained through this course. with so many relevant examples this course has been insightful and thoughtful about the various principles and practices of management. The way Prof.Julian explained, narrated  the course content was really awesome. Kudos to Prof.
Very well structured, the information is clear and relevant. Julian is very articulate and has wide up-o-date knowledge on the ways companies are/ need to evolve. The course has helped me understand that I need to change with the changing management forms. I wish organisations would share their structures in a simple adaptable manner to employees, when they join. I would like to do that when I get the opportunity.
Thank you much sir! Your explanation about the lectures and also your provided learning resources are literally useful to me a lot. More, this course is a highly recommended one who are will to learn management, the ways how leadership styles work, great lessons from different companies. Hoping those things can be beneficial for my upcoming career. Thank you in advance, Sir!Best regards,Aung Myat Thu
I really enjoyed the course. Lots of information. The professor knows what he is talking about and he is very interesting to listen. Most of all, I enjoyed the case studies in the end of every module. This course provided me with better insights of the corporate world and what can i do as a manager to make the operations of the company more effective and efficient by making few swift changes.
I am always looking for insights about business organization. I enrolled in this course because of it. My surprise is that Professor Julian Birkinshaw provides a complete framework of analysis in which we can assess both the current situation and the possible evolution of the organization. The result is precious and gives me a lever to go deeper into how to the performance of an organization.
Interesting course that helps me understand more about the management models of organizations and its transitions in light of technology and social changes. This awareness is important to help me consciously seek to understand what organization management needs and how we as managers should react and make decisions in a more appropriate way to satisfy the needs of the people, and the future.
this course is indeed a detail course,the notes are clear and interesting.I have learnt so much during the 5 weeks about different companies and how to manage company of the future.I have never done business before but i was able to follow the notes and read slides to complete task.My dream is to be a manager of a company some day .Thanks to Coursera for this course.Excellent course .
Simple yet in-depth course about Management. Although the idea of deconstructing Management into several dimensions isn't new, Prof. Birkinshaw was able to explain every detail of his view on the course's 4 dimensions. From concepts, to examples that back up these concepts, I was able to learn the core ideas of how to Manage. More precisely, how to Manage a Company of the Future.
A great course which I would thoroughly recommend all those in managerial/leadership positions to do. Innovative and flexible so able to learn at your own pace especially in our increasingly busier lives. Most of my learn was do on my commute to work.J. Birkinshaw is an incredible commuicator/presenter and depth of knowledge on this subject ultimately makes the course what it is
Great, easy introduction into how work is rapidly changing and how we can prepare for it. Good frameworks on describing the different types of businesses-traditional vs alternative, and details under various aspects of each. Lots of real-world examples. Passionate instructor. The course is similar to a short, perhaps week-long/summer MBA-level course, good value for the time!
This was an awesome course I have ever taken.The professor's explaination in a simple and clear way through analyzing companies that we are familiar with was an effective shot.Thanks a lot for this opportunity.I learned a lot of interesting things about management and successfully passed this course. Thanks a lot  for making it free otherwise I couldnt get a certificate.
I found this course very enlighting. It gave a brief insight into why we manage companies in a predominantly traditional way, the pro's and con's of such systems and what could be possible by exploring the unthinkable. Thank you to the professor Julian Birkinshaw for presenting the syllabus in such an easy manner. I enjoyed it. All the bestShane Kingston New Zealand.
Dr. Julian Birkinshaw is just an erudite Professor! I learned a LOT from this course that I can share to my students. The discussions on Traditional and Alternative Principles of Management  and the underlying concepts with concrete examples gave me a better perspective on how to manage a company. Bravo! Looking forward to more courses with you. Thank you so much.
This course helped me understand how to manage the future company. I really enjoyed this course because it was not just theoretical, I found ways of adapting things I've learnt to my current situation where I'm having to manage my colleagues in the present outbreak of a pandemic disease. Thank you very much Prof. Birkinshaw for such a useful and engaging course!
This is a fantastic program that I have recommended to all lot of friends and will register my senior management team to undertake. I have learnt a lot and broaden my understanding of management, managing teams, creating a new management structure for my business. Thank you London Business School for the program and our facilitator for the brilliant delivery
Worth every minute! This course has given me perspective on how i can better lead my team by giving them sufficient freedom to manage their own time and deliverables. This course is a step in the right direction on finding the balance between emergence and hierarchy which i believe is the best way on how to bring success to my team and to our organization!
Thoroughly enjoyed doing this course. Julian was an excellent teacher, and his videos were spot on! I have learnt a lot in terms of management models particularly for our times, including our extraordinary Corona times. I think much of what Julian proposes in the hybrid model will actually take off in our post-corona business world. Thanks again. Cheers.
It was really a great learning experience.The course has been designed and delivered in a fantastic manner.The  trainer of this course has thorough knowledge and presents the concepts in an effective manner giving apt example.The course has changed my outlook towards managing thing at workplace.Thanks a lot coursera and London Business School.Regards
Excellent course offered for middle management and senior level executives. Professor Julian's  classes and findings were extremely helpful. We could co-relate the things with our day to day professional life. It has personally helped me to sharpen my management skills. I would definitely recommend to my colleagues and bosses to take this course.
A very relevant topic, and packaged in good and thorough  case study. I never imagine an online course can be this comprehensive and enjoyable. Extremely well done in creating this course in such a beautiful way. I recommend this to every manager so they can understand alternative management style and even create another new management style.
Fantastic Perspective on managing companies and teams of the future. I found it unique because it focuses on the fundamentals of long term growth and survival ie...optimal organization design and managing principles ...which in today's fast paced business environment are routinely compromised in pursuit of profits. I learned a lot thank you.
The professor has exclusively explained all the details of management in detail .I have learned a lot from this session and it will be extremely useful in my future endevaours .I thank Professor Julian for helping me guide through the various principles of management and also explaining the key concepts which takes place in the organization
I would like to say special thank you to professor Julian Birkinshaw who has created an amazing course. I wish there will be more courses and lectures with this amazing professor. Right now, he is the absolute authority to me when it comes to study of management. Also thanks to all the people involved in providing the course. Well done!
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. The content was very relevant and the pace of the lectures was perfect. It definitely changes the mental make-up once one gets done with the course. The case studies are great and make the study even more engaging to go through. The concepts are a must in theses changing business dynamics. Thank you!
I do enjoy my learning, great thanks to Professor Birkinshaw！He is so honest and critical in analysis the true phenomenon in the traditional companies, I would recommend the management in the companies to his course and also his books, there they can find the right positions and strategies to manage the company and the team better.
What a fantastic course with a clear inside of management models. The tutor J Birkinshaw is detailed with examples and precise. The course is easy to follow but challenging. Good supply on information and reading materials. Thank you for the course it's been certainly an eye opener for me in currently working in a Leadership role.
So interesting course about how will be transformed the Management in the future. Companies are stucked in the traditional way of management inside of them. So, the Professor show some of the new ways of Coordination, Decision Making, Motivation and Purpose/Goals, moving toward new ways of management of the company of the future.
Best course i have taken thus far. The lecturer ensured we understood the work well and more than example was given for each scenario which made it easier to the theory with a perspective on reality.The peer graded assignment also came with great feedback. Thank you to Coursera and London business school for this great course.
The course is refreshing views on how a manager of the future should be acting. While there are still many aspects of traditional culture that can only slowly be changed, a lot can be done now to help the managers of today to inspire and empower their work force, and slowly experiment with better management techniques.
Very good course and I highly recommend it. It was much better than I had expected and the instructor had picked really good real world cases (companies that followed unique processes) to illustrate pros & cons of every approach. Most importantly, the instructor was very careful not to be very prescriptive in nature.
It
was great learning experience and first one of its kind for me and has enriched leadership skills specially when we are in Transformation Phase. The portal is highly user friendly and Course was very well designed and delivered on Portal, almost having similar experience as we attend such Courses in Classroom(s)
The course  " Managing Company of the Future" is well detailed and  presented by My Julian. It has given me more insight into ways of changing the traditional model of working in my organisation and transforming to the alternative model which is more acceptable to the new generation and for business excellence.
Amazing course and content from Prof. Julian Birkinshaw of London Business School. It takes time but the concepts explained in here are so relevant for today and understanding how our work and management will evolve in the future. I liked the case studies covered in the course and the structure of the course.
This course is excellent, a big thank you to the professor Julian Birkinshaw, it was so much fun learning from them. this course covers everything that a company will need in the near future. this course is strongly recommended. a big thank you to Coursera team too.Thank you very much, everything is amazing
It was an amazing experience being a part of this course. I will suggest all the management enthusiast to do this course for a better and wide understanding.Also i would like to thank professor Julian Birkinshaw for providing rich content with real life examples and case studies of the well known companies.
Very well structured course with videos from the professor as well as clips from important and knowledgeable people in the sector. Overall the course is easy as long as you can follow up with the material each week. Good insight on where management is standing and how it will be changing over the years.
Amazing course! Julian Birkinshaw, the tutor, developed in detail all elements of the course and provided plenty of external resources and links to follow! It was really worth it! Everyone should attend to get a more clear view of what is the future in managing a company. Thank you for this experience!
This course was intelligently put together. It is very engaging and brain tasking. It will surely bring out the genius in every student that enrol for it. I have learnt a lot on management and leadership from this course and I am very confident about the knowledge I have gathered. Thank you, Coursera.
This course is great for anyone who would like to shape their career into a manager not just the people but also company as an entity. It speaks in good volume about the different management models currently used and how different would it be in the future. It reshaped my understanding of management.
Great course, but I've had a lot of trouble waiting for decent peer reviews. People, please, spend some time to read yours peers' submissions and evaluate them correctly. I have to reset my deadlines twice because of anonymous reviewers who just gave me all threes without even reading or commenting.
I have learned tons on how to analyse the management model of companies and how to adapt our own to a more alternative in changing times to adjust to how the world will work in the future. Looking forward to implementing my new knowledge at work. Thank you, Julian and team, you guys are brilliant!
The Course was very powerful and I learnt a lot on the management models from the traditional ones to new emerging ones. I would recommend this course to anyone, who is interested in running his /her business and who wants to be a manager. Thanks to Professor Julian Birkinshaw for the good work.
Very interesting course that students are led through by an inspiring Julian Birkinshaw. Great teacher, one can see he`s passionate about management and his developments. Nice voice, good presentation of the material and with a lot of readings for students who want to get depper into the matter.
One of the best course I have ever enrolled in Coursera.Kudos to Prof Julian Berkisnhaw for this outstanding knowledge and futuristic thinking in management space. Probably if time and opportunities permits, I would like to do a PhD under him.  Thank you again Prof Julian and god bless you.
The teacher (Julian Birkinshaw) is very good and .  He explains the subject so understandable and clear. My knowledge about new management improved. I believe it will help me to be better at my work.  I am so happy because of choosing this course. I enjoyed entire the course. Thank you.
This was the best online course I ever had taken. I am really happy to be the part of this course. Sir Julian Birkinshaw is the most influential instructor as he has great knowledge and his examples of the industry are very good. Proud to complete this course. Best Regards,Roshan Luqman
Really enjoyed the course. The Professor has keen & vast knowledge on what he is delivering. Well organised course for the people working in management and entrepreneurship arena. There were lots of new concepts with detailed examples. Hope for applying the knowledge in my career.
Excellent course, great professor and also great people to interact with!The information provided in the course gave me a better understanding of what is the management and it should the principles be implemented in accordance with the singular situation that is presentedThank you
Very useful and very interesting course. I highly recommend it to everyone who wants to get a detailed understanding of 1) Managing and of 2) the Company of the Future. Thank you very much! I will look for the courses on the anagement of the same lecturer, Prof, Julian Birkinshaw.
Its gives you a different optical for the management of companies and organizations.A lot of case studies and examples of alternative styles of management!The professor is very good, giving perfect examples and he has also very good pronunciation! You can easily watch his videos!
Clearly structured material with plenty of examples, good concept, great performance. I've revised plenty of management courses before taking decision on which one to follow, and I strongly recommend this one to anyone who needs some theory in addition to daily practice.Thanks!
This is a great course. The material uses real-world examples. Instructor deeply understand the material and has good experience in management, both traditional organization or start-up. I learn not only about management model, but also company model, employee motivation, etc.
Thank you very much! I'm so delighted to accomplish this course. Hopefully, I will gain skills useful for my future life and career. Thanks for this chance! Also, I would like to truly experience this study at the University of London/London Business School in the future. :)
The course and the course contents are well structured and reviewed and it was a great learning cycle. Everything was explained in simple terms along with examples. I strongly recommend Julian's course to all aspirants who look forward to developing their skills in managing.
The professor is the best I have had the pleasure to listen to in the many online courses I have attended so far. I am seriously considering joining other courses with him as a professor, even with fees.In any case, thank you and congratulations for this wonderful course.
A really interesting course that provides some perspectives on management that I never thought about before. Does not require too much previous knowledge, apart from a few concept or companies within Business Management. Worth the time and potentially useful for anybody!
It is really a very interesting course about how companies of the future look like and which skills managers in the modern world should have. I appreciate the 4 management models very high because it delivers an understanding of the development of modern companies.
Great opportunity to get to know the principles of management (both traditional and alternative models) with many examples of the real world business / companies. The structure of the course with video, quiz and assignments ensured completeness of learning process.
Awesome course. It helped me get insights of current management practices and how future will hold of it. It's case study on Valve model was also very enriching. Instructor has good command and skill in teaching and it instills an intriguing interest in the course.
Course content was very good, easy to follow. Julian made it quite interesting and insightful for managers who see change as the only constant and want to get the best out of their workplace. Really enjoyed the course. Looking forward to other courses from Julian
This course was really helpful as it provided in-depth understanding and a unique perspective to managing companies of the future. In addition, the lecturer was quite articulate despite the highly technical concepts introduced and explained. Highly recommended!
This is a very good course. This course has helped hone my skills on how to manage people, be a better team mate/ manager. Kudos to the instructor. Thank you Mr Julian for impacting lives. I recommend this course for a would be manager or business owner.
The course offers great content which opens our minds and challenge our way of thinking. The lecturer is very articulate in explaining the information in a concise way. He managed to combine theory with practical examples that makes the learning is fun.
Well laid out. Instructor is very knowledgeable and has a very good delivery style.  The sections sizes were perfect which helped me concentrate and retain much of what was taught. I am now looking to practice what I have learnt to be a better manager!
The course was very informative,  opening my eyes to the several ways companies could be managed in other to encourage employees to perform effectively and achieve their goals. The lecturer was very passionate about the course,  and easy to understand.
The instructor deserves more credit that he'll ever get. The course is presented in the best possible way; clear, concise and consistent. Filled with the best illustrations when needed and up-to-date knowledge without compromising on historical facts.
The course was very interesting and rich, with wonderful illustrations and examples. Thank you very much Professor Julian Birkinshaw for useful materials and assignments, as well as a special thank you Kursera team for organizing such training courses
Impressive course: I've learned a lot and Prof. Birkinshaw knows exactly what he's talking about. His free speech teaching style and the quality of videos, articles, literature, and exercises are phenomenal! I can highly recommend taking this course!
A course where Prof.  Birkinshaw explains you the changing world and the need of not just shift, but critical realignments/transformation with very apt case studies and videos. A mandatory one for those in HR & Leadership and biz leaders to build .
An excellent course with a lot of insights into the traditional as well as emergent models of management and how these two converge to a compromise. The instructor was excellent in communicating and explaining the ideas with lots of good examples.
Its a good course specially for management graduates who are working as a manager, as they can learn from this course how alternative management practices can be implemented in the organization for better future of the company and its employees.
I truly recommend this course to anyone in a management position. It helps you understand the challenges of leading a team, department or company in the current context we are living. 10/10 for this course and for Professor Julian Birkinshaw.
Very insightful and educating. Good to know about how big organizations from ages sustained from various pandemics and wars and improved depending on the latest generation ideology. Like to take few more courses like this. Thank you Coursera.
My reason behind taking this course was simple. It's the course taught by LBS and this simply is the best course I ever took at Coursera. It gives you in-depth idea and knowledge of how managing the company in the real world and theory works.
Excellent course. Materials are easy to follow and Julian paces a lot of information really well. A great foundation for those looking to understand why companies exist and, more importantly, the challenges that they will face in the future.
I could not explained how grateful I am to get my certificate with the London University logo on it. This is indeed unbelievable . Thank you very coursera and Professor Julian Birkinshaw for the  great delivering of this course.  God bless.
I'm extremely delighted to have enrolled in this course, which gave me lot of insight in the way we manage business also on the preparedness for the future. Course was exciting and I have recommend all business leaders to enroll. Thank you.
THe course is very good. It gives you the ability to think strategically and analyze in a managerial way. it's differentiated between the meaning of Management and Leadership. I enjoyed it and I'm happy to have this certificate, thank you.
I really enjoyed taking this course. The course tutor is really sound man. I really had no idea of 90% of the principles and topics mentioned in this course but now, I can say I know a lot more and I know it'll be useful for me very soon.
The course is presented in a very clear and understandable manner. I liked the content and found the coursework interesting. The course has provided me with what I was looking for - how organisations may respond to events that shape them.
Vividly elaborates the management models and insights with updated examples. Professor is best at building up discussions on relevant themes. Case study was also great and has many of what we learnt through the course. Highly recommended
Thank you, Prof. Julian Birkinshaw. I've learned a lot about management. Basically, I'm a pharmacist. And, it is a first time for me to learn about business and management. So, I am very excited to have studied management in this course.
This is a good course to understand the evolution of company management, approach and understanding towards work from the individuals of the millennial generation. To learn effectively what motivates the team to bring in greater results.
Doing this course gave me a great experience. I learnt something interesting and got the opportunity to view the regularly learnt topics in an unique way. Great video lectures. Looking forward towards earning my certificate. Thank you!
A very good course. Lots of new ideas and case studies. I really enjoyed doing it. I am sure, the concept, information and ideas I have learned are going to be very useful for me. The way the course was presented, really professional.
The course was the refresher that I needed to revisit the true meaning behind managing a company. Thank you for reinforcing my organic knowledge on people and process handling in line with the drivers of change in the business world.
Fantastic! It was absolutely nothing less than a true pleasure to do this course. Everything from the strucure and layout of the course itself, to the good tools provided from coursera (I especially appreciated the app!). Excellent!
Hello, I would like to express my thanks to Coursera and to the university of London especially thanks to Sir. Julian Birkinshaw, really I enjoyed the course and learned a lot of new information and experience.thanks Ahmed Moustafa
I throuhgly liked the flow of the course and the structure. The contents of the course are more valid than ever and I am now keen learning more.Special thanks to Julian Birkinshaw for exceptional performance in front of the camera.
This course is a very good structure and a planified. Anyone who does not have English, as their mother tongue can understand all the content presented very well. I recommend it to any interest to develop your skills in this area.
Fantastic course! Really enjoyed every single lesson via the videos provided. The professor is genial and puts his ideas across neatly and succinctly. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone interested in management.
Professor Julian is great and the course content is relevant regardless of your responsibilities in the company because you might not be a manager currently but you are still a part of a team and can contribute constructively.
The course was excellent, helped me to expand my knowledge of business management and people management, the explanations were clear and objective and the assessments helped to consolidate the knowledge passed in the modules.
Thanks Coursera and London Business School for such a nice course !! We cannot predict future but obviously we can think out of box and use these management principles in our organization for it to grow in an innovative way.
Very good course with great material. This is an example to how this kind of courses should be done. Very interesting content and great lecturer. This will definitely be something I will use in practice in my working life.
Great course! Brings us a lot of different point of views and shows that there is not a "right way", but we have to find out what works better. We learn things that we don't see in our dayly activities, but they are there.
Managing the company of the future is a wonderful course offered by LBS, University of London. Syllabus and curriculum are organised meticulousness and systematically. The professors are really excellent while delivering.
Very interesting and insightful course by Prof. Julian Birkinshaw. His lectures are to the point and include many practical examples in order to explain who theory works in practice. I would highly recommend this course.
Very interesting knowledge of how the management will be transformed in the future. Many good examples from around the world applying the new way of managing the company and employee. Some good tips to apply own work.
It was a great course helped me understand different aspects of management. It really helped me in learning how to apply traditional as well as alternative management models to manage a company and make it successful.
Such a well designed course with good pacing and clarity. I absolutely loved it and esp the way Julian explained everything with examples :-) Thank you and this course will definitely help me become a better manager.
WOW. JUST wow. It's not easy nor difficult. But I love how the professor teaches, the case studies, and the info is quite good. BUT WOW< the professor really kept me engaged even through the less interesting module.
Great course! Very comprehensive and easy for beginners to geasp the whole concept of traditional and innovative management as well as appropriately administering the right mix of both to existing managerial model.
I would like to thanks Mr. Julian from the bottom of my heart for introducing such a wonderful course  through the University of London and it definitely  add value to my way of managing the business. Best Regards
Good Course ! It reaffirms the concepts of Management, Leadership and how organizations are changing. Great Learning on what ones needs to be aware and how to manage and lead the changes in ones own organization.
Great course from Julian Birkinshaw about management through a modern approach, while not being foolishly away from reality. It is a very honest but at the same time challenging approach to management. I loved it
It was a very great experience to do such kind of course with such a reputed university. Helped a lot to improve my communication skills and coordinating with other students while perusing my course Thanks a lot
Professor Julian Birkinshaw has done an amazing job of discussing various topics related to traditional managements and their possible modern alternatives in a simple way. Gives a fresh perspective. Recommended.
This course is excellent! I recommend it to anyone interested not only in managing organizations but also in knowing more about tomorrow's companies. Fundamental to understanding changes in the business world!
The content is not too complicated, not too revolutionary, but it is very interesting, very important for anyone looking to think ahead in business and is well presented by professor Birkinshaw. Great course!
This course is the best for me on this platform please try to enroll.It is incredibly comprehensive, and really teaches on how to be a good and unique manager that can manage the company of today and tommorow
A very compreensive course on this subject. Julian Birkinshaw is a reference in the field, with a few reference books that should mandatory for anyone interested in the field of management in the XXI century.
This course was more interesting for me, I learned a lot about management and the future of the companies of all the world. This knowledge will be very important for me to manage my companie of the future.
There will be a lot changes in management of future company. The course describes all of helpful ideas & topics. Whenever a manager thinks of it he must visualize all of these managing techniques  & tools.
the professor makes the course really engaging, he explains management theory in a very clear way providing many practical examples both from the past and today's business world. definitely recommended!
It was a great course, material were comprehensive and the data were presented in a logical sequential process that led. The professor was amazing in the cases he presented. he made it easy for all type
The course outline and the delivery were done excellently. I will ensure i make good use of what I have learnt.The Professor. Julian Birkinshaw had a very good control of the course content. Thank you.
It was a great course which help you to gain knowledge about how to run the company  in a good manner and the readings are in a good quality as well as  sir. julian birkinshaw was explaining so clearly
This course provided me with better insights of the corporate world and what can i do as a manager to make the operations of the company more effective and efficient by making few swift changes.
Well designed and executed course on management. Excellent videos by Professor Berkinshaw made it easy and enjoyable as if you were attending his class in person but better. Highly recommend.
Expertly crafted and presented in the most simplistic manner. It was very easy to understand the content, we could relate to the examples presented and make it relevant for our field of work.
Excellent content of the course, Very well explained each and every concepts using wide variety of examples, communication with students is excellent, assignments and quiz are very excellent.
It's from 2014, so it could use an update in the not too distant future, but it's still a valuable course by a great professor, who is very articulate and knows the subject matter very well.
This course is solid. It is worth investing time on this. The instructor was very clear, concise. No unnecessary elements. I highly recommend this course. Thank you Julian. Thanks Coursera.
Tutor gave great effort in preparing these crystal clear videos. I was able to grasp most of it through videos. Further reading the case studies gave clear application of concepts. Thanks
Julian is great and the course is super interesting.  It's a lot to think about and the future of business needs to be better than it has been.  Everything here is relevant and important.
one of the best courses I've ever taken.this course is very  useful and insightful, I enjoyed every second of it and I totally recommend it for anyone looking for a management deep-dive.
A fantastic course with actionable takeaways on managing people and also on how companies should be managed in this era. I really enjoyed the course and would highly recommend the same.
This has been a really useful course, it helps me consolidate my understanding of management theory as well as providing refreshing insights into my understanding of the business world.
This course has been an eye-opener for me in terms of management. It has added more to my skills of managing my team and given insights into how to get the best out of my subordinates.
A course with an extremely good instructor and covering many useful concepts of management. You will find the learning of this course extremely helpful and assisting in your routine.
Very good course. Covers hot a hot topic (today, March 2017) how to change a company to more right handed, alternative management models away from more traditional management models.
This course is very much suitable for people who work in corporate or even in their own business.You will learn a lot of things from this, That will help to become a great manager.
The course is enlightening, vast and with lots of real life examples that aided the understanding of the course. Professor Julian Birkinshaw also did a very good job on the topics.
This course is enlightening and well laid out. It is highly recommended for managers, entrepreneurs and those seeking to gain an in depth understanding of the future world of work.
This course is best thing happened to me during the Covid-19 pandemic period. This kept me active and helped me to gain a knowledge which will be very useful for my future career.
Julian Birkinshaw is a great teacher.  He explains everything clearly, with examples and visual aides.  The course was very informative and made complex ideas easy to understand.
Extraordinary course! Lectures are very interesting, thought-provoking and really knowledgeable. Extremely grateful to Professor Julian for that. Truly recommend it to everyone.
Awesome course. Very well crafted and balance between theory and practice. The teacher explains in a very clear way every subject, so the new knowledge you get, really sinks in.
It's a great course, the instructor is good and if you have no prior knowledge on more recently rising management methods, this course will give you great, valuable information.
Excellent course for people who are in leadership position or taking care of Org Design initiatives to broaden though process and consider changing trends and latest dimensions.
It was an awesome course to learn the managerial skill needed to run a business or a company of the present as well as the future.Everything was so well sorted out and defined.
Thanks for the course. I really enjoy the course and it helps me to differentiate the traditional and alternative management models as well as how to become a better manager.
This course has been very helpful for me in managing my company. I have practically applied some of the methods in my company and my bosses and the employees are very happy.
Gave a very good perspective of how management is now, and how it would evolve; It cast light on how expectation of employers and employees would evolve as world progresses
Relatable, applicable to real the world. The flow, explanations, extra reading material and examples make it easy to follow the concepts and understand the course material.
This course helped me to enrich my view and knowledge about how to Manage the company and to be a good Manager. So, I apply those skills that I have gained on my practice.
I really fell in love with the theme. Mr Birkinshaw has an excellent talent - he can just grab you into a particular theme and make you really interested in it. Thank you!
being an undergrad student, I wanted to perceive whether the goals I have decided for my future career could I achieve or not seeing this course helped me clear my doubts
Excellent materials, pace, and instructor. Really well organized and well-run course. Quizzes were challenging, final was challenging, and discussion boards were active.
A very interesting and practical course on how to become a good manager in the company of today and the future. I highly recommend the course and Professor Birkinshaw.
Great opportunity to learn what companies expect from us works and what we should expect from our own company if we were to start one. An amazing process of learning!
Great experience. I would like to thanks my college institution (National Institute of Technology Karnataka, Surathkal)  for providing a great platform under Coursera
Extremely relevant to any field of business. Explanation on point! Examples given also quite useful and helpful to understand how the theory applies into "real life"
This online course provide me great knowledge about decision making process and managing all the situation on workplace and do the work effectively and efficiently.
A good perspective on how the company are trying to get changed is presented such that the management team responsible can get a lot of information about the topic.
Julian delivers the idea clearly. This course is greatly structured and so easy to follow through. The assignment and the quizzes are reflecting the course’s idea.
Loved the concept put together to analise companies as it gives real hands on knowledge to put in practice in the own business & team. Can absolutely recommend it.
Its a very informative course which helps you to know about the changing business scenarios and how to deal with it. I am glad that I was able to join this course.
It's been an awesome course so far but i have completed the course for more than a week now and no one has reviewed my work so that i can purchase the certificate
It's great experience ever. I have learn much about management there and the professor make me interest to learn more and more. I enjoyed learning in every modul.
You can have a great overview the traditional and trending management models, understand the pros and cons of them and why they are the way they are.Great course.
this course will fundamentally change one's perception on management. The course is very thorough and informative and  the language is simple. Worth the money!
Excellent course with very sensible approach and concepts for the changing times we are living in management. The highlight is the professor Julian Birkinshaw.
I have learnt a lot from this course specially the news ways to motivate employees. Mr Julian Brinkshaw has taught the course in an amazing way. Thank you Sir
A good well balanced course, the build up of the material is clear and there is plenty of attention for the nuances and pro's vs con's of the tools provided.
The professor explained the course really well. No repetitive explanations. Really well designed with systematic order. Lots of real life business examples.
Julian is a Amazing , the course has an incredible layout with good examples. Julian is extremely thorough and I would strongly advise this for everyone )))
Julian B is one of the best instructors whose teaching I thoroughly enjoyed. He speaks very eloquent and delivers the course information with great clarity.
Awesome Course! Learned a lot and already trying to integrate it on my own company.  Inspired to be a better manager because of this course. God Bless! :)
I enjoyed this course so much! Both the content and the professor were focused on this well-detailed topic. It also has the right length and a great pace.
A very well written content of the course.Even though the course is suggested for beginners, there is no harm even if old managers also take these course.
Is one of the best, or probably the best course I'd ever take. Thanks a lot to the proffesor Birkinshaw and I hope to keep learning from his experience.
Love the course, give me ability to understand management models, how it is an strategic decisions in regard with the competition, strategic leadership.
Very good and interesting course about management. J. Birkinshaw can explain things in a great way, so everyone can understand what he's talking about.
Had the privilege to learn and understand the complexities of future companies and gained insights on modern management techniques. Highly recommended.
Professor Birkinshaw is an amazing teacher, this course is a must have to anyone who wishes to be on the front lines of management in the next decades
A very insightful course focused on the future of management. The course instructor offers valuable experience and insights. A truly great experience!
Thank you Mr. Julian for the great and amazing course I learner. This helps me in adapting my own company as the new generation and technology go by.
good explanation, it's very up to date with the condition. The way to explain isn't bored and the example is so accurate. This is a very good course.
Excellent course.  Really helped confirm my philosophy on management and also help explain the terrible management decisions being made around me...
I like that both the traditional and modern management theories are explained and compared incl. practical examples. Well done and very insightful.
Please please provide certificate. It is not right that you are taking money for certification after the completion of course. Help a poor student.
The truth is we need a change in our traditional management style, and the Instructor does a great job of positioning anyone ready for such change.
excellent material. presented in a very practical manner and the fact that we can reset the deadlines is great. overall a good learning experience.
The course is very practically-oriented and the quizzes are actually designed so that the learner can make a strong emphasis on the weekly content.
It was an excellent course work and brilliantly taught by Prof. Julian Birkinshaw. Wish to undertake more of his management courses in the future.
Excellent course! prof. Birkinshaw provides clear explanations and effective examples of current organizations and their management methodologies.
The course was really amazing and worth the time and efforts. I have learnt a lot from Mr Julian Birkinshaw. Thank you so much for this course. :)
Very interesting and useful course about different aspects of modern management and about tendencies of its change. I can recommend it. Thank you.
Managing the company of the future was very helpful course which gives us good idea for how to be prepared for future in organisation. Thank you!
Thank you Mr. Julian B. I really enjoyed you course and learned many new thoughts.Thank you so much for putting all the efforts into this matter.
Best lecturer ever, well-structured courses covering the most relevant topics in the field of management and leadership. I can only recommend it.
Really helpful course covering lots of valuable topics.  Julian was very good in getting his points across - very focused, direct, and efficient.
Great course. It introduced me the alternative management models and so I will not be stuck in the past with the traditional management models.
I love this course, it teaches you a lot about the tradional and new ways of management and gives you an insight of what the future might hold.
Very good course! It was an honor and a great opportunity to learn from Prof. Julian Birkinshaw, one of the most brilliant minds of management.
Excellent course. Good structure and excellent delivery by the professor Birkinshaw, clear and engaging. Completely worth the time investment.
This is a great concept overview course. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a refresher or survey of current management theory thinking.
Fantastic course, amazing teaching by such a amazing academic!! Thank you Professor Julian Birkinshaw!! Thank you Coursera!!! What a journey!
This is a very interesting course. i have to learn management theory, strategic management, leadership, and how to manage your  organization.
This was such an excellent learning experience. Julian really broke down the principles of management with aplomb. I enjoyed every bit of it.
Amazing experience to learn and grow up with this course. My managing skills improved more. Thanks Coursera to provide such a great platform.
One of the best online course I've ever attended. I have learnt many useful information which gives me clear vision of the future management.
Filled with knowledge, learning and it was fun to know so many companies which we are not aware of in general and their styles and patterns.
Highly recommended course for everyone. there's a lot of information in it, briefly presented with a professional way and attractive process
Content is well-structured, clear and balanced between engaging and challenging. This is definitely one of my favorite courses on Coursera.
A very good introduction to Leadership and Management, the very way of understanding the principles and dimensions made me feel like a CEO.
It was a wonderful course which helped me in gaining knowledge of the management world and the leadership skills possessed in the managers.
Excellent course. Excellent teacher. Excellent content.This course is so helpful for me to be an good manager of the Company of the Future!
Good course for understanding management structure of the company. This will benefit for management skill and decision making for company.
Professor Julian Birkinshaw is an expert on this matter and he can really make me understand despite my lack of background in Management.
The course was very comprehensive, including additional literature and practice-based teaching. Highest grade and recommendation from me.
the course was unique and gave detailed insights and related reading environment, looking forward to read the works of Julian Berkinshaw
Just fantabulous. The professor have done a tremendous job. This course enables me to think about management from a different dimension.
Gives an amazing Insight of what is happening right now with the companies, giving clear example and a great model to analize companies.
Very useful for outlier start-ups along with traditional principles of management. Thanks Prof Julian Birkinshaw for this awesome mooc.
I have gained many skills, this course helped me to start thinking about my future.Thank You very much, highly recommending to others!
It was a awesome journey. Professor makes this course in correct way which helps us to understand the insight scenario of the course.
Managing the company of the future open my mind to how we can further improve our working environment with creativity and innovation.
The course is very effective for all the working professionals who have plans for their own start up in the later stage of their life
The course is great... But Final assignment review needs to be improved. Because some people give low marks without reading answers.
A really good course with a clear concept, many easy to understand examples and additional reading material. I highly recommend it!
Very rich course, a lot of interesting information.  Inspirational teacher.  I learned a lot of useful and new information. Thanks!
Fantastic course! Professor Birkinshaw is really passionate and explain everything in a clear way!This course is a fresh air breath
Very good and very useful to learn new views on concepts around management styles. Very pragmatical presentations. Great lecturer!!
Easy to digest with various examples. Inviting us to think and assess our own organisation and how we can do better and differently
Extremely relevant for managing today's organisations and its nuances. Recommended for team leaders & management position holders.
This course helps students view the bigger picture of an organization. This also empowers creativity in addressing issues at work.
A brilliant and engaging course. I learnt a lot. Please avoid the peer-review assignment, it is not fair to those who are honest.
Very interesting and inspiring views of what we can change while managing our companies. Willing to put into practice this ideas!
This course had been made in an explicit way for the participants understand on the traditional vs alternative management models.
Thanks to this useful course, I learned a lot about company management. I am sure the acquired knowledge will help in my career.
A very well-formulated course which helps to understand the transition of the role of the managers in the future organisations.
Extremely good lectures, quizes and assignments. Course syllabus very much applicable to current management model of companies.
Great Learning experience. Study Material, Case studies are very helpful. Overall well taught course by Mr. Julian Birkinshaw .
Fantastic explanations and insights from the professor. Excellent content to develop your own thoughts based on key questions.
A great course! Very well designed and highly interesting. I learned a great deal on how to manage the company of the future!
Totally love the teaching style and the quiz after each module also helps to guage whether you understood the module. Weldone
Very well taught course.This course has helped me improve my approach to manage and my employees are also reaping the rewards
It has been an insightful 5 weeks. Each week enriching the knowledge and experience overall. Kudos for crafting such a couse.
Good Course, the resource person is incredible and informative and his examples to expalin the circumstances is remarkable.
Very well structured course. Still some potential for improvement regarding its practical implications for a manager's life
Really happy with the course content. Many thanks to Prof.  Julian Birkinshaw for crisp and clear lectures. Worth learning.
Excellent Contents and tutorial. As it promote a continuous learning mindset and encourage learn ability with new concepts.
Very interactive and detailed course which also has peers involving, which rate your course understanding and assignments!
With a very clear language, and very interesting content, made me perceive a different look about how to manage a company.
It's a unique program to improve the management & leadership skills. Thanks a lot "University of London' for this program.
Perfect course that I would advocate all to study and for sure you will learn alot about the Current mode of  Management
The teacher is very well teaching i'm glad to give this opportunity thank you london business school thank you coursera
Excellent format and lecturer! The tests given were also challenging and very appropriate. Would recommend this course!
Fantastic course! I really enjoyed and it help me to better understand how companies works and new trends in management
Very well designed course giving you both the foundations of management coming from the past and the up-to-date models.
The course was really informative, well explained with several day to day examples and it was worth spending time upon
Thank you! This online course was very interesting and clear, using lots of real life examples. I highly recommend it!
Thank you Professor Julian Birkinshaw for sharing your knowledge with us. Very interesting course and well structured.
I really love this course, the methodology is excellent, the professor Julian, he is fantastic!!! I enjoyed soo much.
Really Insightful course, a must if you want to pursue or Bolster your knowledge in Management now and in the future.
I'm from Uberlândia, Minas Gerais Brazil and I was really glad to take part to the course. Excelente teacher.Jhocasta
well articulated, great content, excellent presenter, looking forward to more courses presented by Julian Birkenshaw.
Full of examples and full of excellent  optional study materials, this is an amazing course. I recommend this course.
The course was well presented with easy to understand concepts. The trainer was excellent and very warm and friendly
Very eye opening and structured coherently with very good extraction of important information from the case studies.
The course is indeed very good and the Professor is very dynamic and has very nice skills to teach. Would recommend!
Very informative course with tons of great insights, stories, and narratives on managing the company of the future.
Professor Julian Birkinshaw was excellent. I'm off to cement my learning with other great reads including his books
Excellent Course! what you learn is of great help today (2020) and will be equally relevant 5 years down the line.
Exceptional MOOC, If you want to be a part of managing the business of the future, and you need great inspiration.
It was an amazing experience learning so many new things about management.I would like to continue learning more.
If you want to be able to make better decisions for your company as a leader or as a manager, go for this course.
Great materials, good reads, very timely subjects for discussion, fantastic professor. I truly enjoyed this one.
Great course, I can definitely recommend for who wants improve their business and change his/her company system.
Very good introduction course to the different management systems that are being applied in different companies.
Good insights which will spur your thinking into managing company of future and evolving yourself as a managers.
Love the way, the course was structured. Lots of examples to build up understanding of the theories . Thumbs up!
There are a lot of actual, interesting and new information for me. Another view on management in the real world
Great course! It challenged and gave me a fresh perspective on how to be an effective manager in this new era.
Fantastic course helping structure intuitive and acquired through experience knowledge in a ordered fashion.
Very invigorating course. Great faculty. Coursera kindly publish date first when course was first launched.
I found the instruction and course material engaging and challenging. It is a great course for any manager.
Detailed lectures, excellent course materials. This course will surely help us in managing in a better way.
The professor was great! He has to gift of simplifying complex concepts for students to understand clearly.
Interesting content which was well-presented. Overall, a good course that was both relevant and insightful.
My professor Julian burkinshaw is realy awesome man.i.pleasure to be part of this course thank you so much
Really enjoyed taking this course. Simple and easy way to teach. I recommend everyone to take this course.
This is the best course I've had in 2018. I really appreciate the Professor and the institution. Thank you
The course addresses the contemporary challenges of companies and provides a good mix of theory and cases.
The content is great but the experience on this platform is not as satisfactory when your peers are bots.
Course is very well organized and recommended for all working as People Manager in today's organizations.
A course which teaches us about how the management of future organisations be like and how to manage it.
very oriented, practical and applicable examples. good rythm and deployment of matters. engaging.thanks!
Good experience. Lectures are well structured, interesting cases. Easy to listen and study. Many thanks.
The professor is very interesting to listen to. Lectures were well organised. Content is highly useful.
This is a very well-organized course for online learning. It will help me a lot in my future endeavors.
very interesting, thought-provoking course  and structure of the content is well designed and explained
Great course, it add to my knowledge a lot, also there many things from real business day-day activity.
Very informational and inspiring with good notes "Thanks for creating this course ".It really helps me.
This course is really explanatory and building simple concepts from the past  till what will have today
Thank you Professor Julian Birkinshaw and LBS Team for this wonderful course which is well structured.
Very nice experience . Learnt alot about here. Professor is very best. Is teaching style is fantastic.
I would recommend this course to anyone interested in business management. It's an exceptional course.
I learned a lot of different new things. Now, I have a new vision of what a manger sholud be and work.
Very well structured, good foundation, great contextual environment and easy to understand principles.
Great learning and very well detailed out with week wise module - videos , reading material and quiz
Great course with great details. Loved the way professor Birkenshaw managed to explain the concepts.
It was amazing to be here and to get massive knowledge to reinvent management.Thank you Prof. Julian
I just loved the course. I learned a lot and I am very happy with the information they provided me.
Very well designed course, delivered expertly by Julian Birkinshaw in an easy to understand manner.
It is a very good course and one worth learning. The Professor is really good and lectures well. 👍
Superb!! Very interesting. It helped opening my mind and seeing new alternative ways of management.
This course is really great. It help to improve my understanding power regarding managing company,
Lecturer is brilliant at explaining topics with detail and practical examples. Highly recommended.
This is a great course ! The lectures were really interesting and the lecturer taught explicitly.
Very good course I have learnt a lot. Professor Julian Birkinshaw is too good at what he teaches.
Insightful for anyone wondering about management and the future management model of the companies
Excellent food for thought. Worth to learn and think for anyone managing others or being managed.
A perfect course for the future. Learning with a lot of examples prepares us so much! Thank you.
it is very complicated to organize review by peers and certificate receiving. need to improve it
Great course, with great explanation of the topic and the presentation of new management models.
Very good content that I can apply to my current position as well as potential future positions
Great course, short but very informative content, clear explanations, thanka for eveeything 😊
The course was broken down into very understandable content, very engaging and well delivered.
An awesome course that can change the way you see management, it will add value to your career
Useful course to understand current trend on organisation and which which levers are impacted.
Brilliant course, I have enjoyed every single lecture and learned so much. hank you very much.
very very interesting and enthusiastic and also very helpful if your are a management student
great course, absolutely worth the time and effort.. thank you guys at London business school
Excellent course, great value addition. Mentor was very knowledgeable and language was lucid.
Peer review was quite dependent on reviewers. It annoyed me. Everything except it was great!!
This course is one the very best thing that will happen to the world of business management.
Prof. Julian Birkinshaw will provide you with aggressive and original ideas about management
An excellent course with an excellent and mentor with profound knowledge. Highly recommend.
really useful course, highly recommendedthere are many examples you can find in this course
Great content and teacher. I learnt and remembered many things about management. Thank you!
Great course! Brilliant insights into the future of management. Really enjoyed this course.
A very well structured management model, useful not only for CEO's, but for managers, too.
An Exceptional course, highly recommended for every manager, irrespective of the Industry.
I really loved the course. It was clear, interesting and refreshing. I will recommend it!
This is an interesting course that I had enrolled, highly recommend for all of you guys !
Very traditional way of teaching through classes... would need an innovative approach :o)
Really one of a kind course! It gave me new insights and perspective towards management.
Very practical class, and thanks for the professor to share his experience and knowledge
It was a wonderful course to partake in, and particularly informative.Thank you Julian!
This is value added Course. This will help us to forecast future and tune accordingly.
Great concepts around management style explained in a simple easy to understand format
It was complete new to be and started rethinking about future management of a company
Awesome course ! give me the basics of management with practical examples and project
A succinct, practical, and interesting course. Very accessible and relatable content.
Some of the best lessons I have seen in the area of management, highly recommended!
I have learned, what real management is. Helps alot in managing and understanding.
very interesting topic. love how Prof. Julian Birkinshaw delivered the materials.
Very helpful course. Learned a lot through it and filled the void in my knowledge
Great. each video is short so its very easy to follow up with it during busy days
Excellent alternative approach for considering classical management perspectives.
gave me a exceptional overview of management with a brief knowledge very helpful
Excellent course, with great insights. Was never dull or boring, great lecturer!
The content is precise and relevant to every aspiring manager of our generation.
the content was interesting and useful. It gave me interesting new perspectives!
Amazing coach, very informative. Definitely going to apply this in my workplace.
Excellent course I have ever learned so far. Thank you so much for the teaching.
This is a wonderful course. It prepares you to manage the company of the future.
Very Informative. The professor gives everything you need to learn the  course.
Great class which I will definitely benefit from in my further academic career!
It was really a  lovely learning experience, would enroll for more courses soon
It was very much helpful for me to do this course and my instructor is amazing.
It was the perfect course to start with... I will definitely continue learning!
Very detailed and well taught, liked Prof. Birkinshaw's methodology and energy.
Well informative, well designed, useful course material, very good instructor.
Julian is an excellent professor. Engaging, methodical and concise. Thank you.
Exellent course a lot of content, i will apply many of the material to my job.
Amazing course, very good and informative. Recommending for all professionals.
very interesting and informative. but also made easy to understand. Thank you!
Great Course, Professor Julian Birkinshaw make it
comprehensive, thank you !!!
Was a great course. was able to have new insights and broaden my perspective.
Thanks so much dear prof. Julian Birkinshaw for the knowledge and experience!
Very interesting, informational and deep course. Thanks for this opportunity.
Julian Birkinshaw and the course are one of the best in the Coursera library.
The course is not easy. But the knowledge gained from it is worth the effort.
very useful with many examples to allow us to understand better, many thanks
Great Learning with real examples & making professionals ready for future...
REALLY GOOD PACED COURSE AND THE TEACHING WITH THE RESOURSES WAS REALLY GOOD
Dear Mr.Birkinshaw, Thank you for sharing your precious information with us.
Amazing course under the guidance of Professor Julian Brinkshaw , Must do it
Enjoyed doing this course thoroughly. Excellent content. Highly recommended.
Extremely clear presentation of the thought with the right examples provided
Very well structured course with new age methodologies thoroughly discussed
Very useful course. Very warm thankful for our mentor Mr.Julian Birkinshaw.
Easy to get through. I would have also appreciated a more difficult course
Very insightful and good lectures. Recommended readings added great value.
Absolutely brilliant! This course has genuinely changed me for the better!
truly enjoyed the course, the study material is very precise and accurate.
Professor Birkinshaw is simply extraordinary and the course is outstanding
Amazing teacher and beautiful lesson with real life exames..very engaging
Many thanks for the great effort and valuable info.Wish you all the best.
Perfect course to learn about new ways of implement the management system
I really learnt alot from this specialisation course. It deserve  5 stars
I found the course well structured and well presented. Very informative.
first of all, thanks to my teacher very much. it was a great experience.
Very useful course for someone who is looking to explore business world.
Very good course that provides useful insights for future organisations
interesting opinions about new business model and several nice examples
Very interesting and well structure course! I've learned a lot from it.
The prof is nice and explains good. The quizzes are not that difficult.
I enjoyed the course and I was able to learn a lot from it.  thank you
I learned a lot of new things and hope I can apply them in the future.
Really Liked the Course and the Contents! Very Very helpful, indeed :)
This course is invaluable! Thank you Coursera & London Business School
it was one of the best course i have gone through...thank you coursera
Learned the factors of handling the organization vis-a-vis department
Very Nice course and provided insights for Future management models.
It was very interesting, even for an experienced manager. Thank You.
thanks for your effort it was little challenging but I did it at end
Thank you Coursera and Julian for the course and lucid explanation.
THANK YOU SO MUCH JULIAN SIR FOR THIS COURSE AND I ENJOYED IT A LOT
Very good knowledge and good approach to new reality on the market.
Learning is a duty. This was a pleasure. We demand a sequel!  tuall
Great course, learned a lot of new and applicable concepts. Thanks!
A course that will change your perspective of firms and its future
One of the best course that I have taken in my life.Thanks to all
Very interesting and tasking. I learnt a lot. Thanks to Coursera.
This course is such a valuable addition to Management knowledge!
Absolutely helpful. I am glad to learn so much from this course.
Eccellent course, very well structured and concisely explained.
Beautifully covered by a very fluent faculty. Definitely helps.
Really good and interesting course, that changed my mind a lot!
Great content and theory with examples and critical analyisis.
exceptionally good to understanding of management techniques
it is amazing course provide a great knowledge for managment
Really well setup training and very applicable in the field.
It is an excellent Course with and excellent explanation !!!
Your  course  is composed  of very knowledgeable  materials
Very useful and easy to understand with clear case studies!
My first and best course ever, thank you Julian Birkinshaw.
Excellent course and excellent professor. It was an honour.
Highly recommended, especially with digitalization at work.
The best course on management I have ever taken! Fantastic!
Great course, great professor, very interesting and useful
One of the best course i have ever done thanks coursera...
cutting edge management ideas.  wish I had done it earlier
Excellent course. Very practical , relevant and applicable
Excellent stuff, very current , great teacher. I recommend
Very good exposure of the arguments! Enjoyed the classes!
Useful knowledge for all people who diseire be a manager.
It's a nice course. And an effective one for Management.
Simple explanations. Great Instructor. Very interesting
i've learned a lot of interesting things. great course.
I got a great knowledge and information by this course
Very informative course. Learnt a lot and well taught.
Very enthusiastic lecturer and well-structured lessons
Excellent theory and real case scenarios of companies
Learn something deep about how to manage the company.
Knowledgeable course . Had a great time in learning .
Good learning, case studies , real life examples etc
It was an excellent experience learning this course.
A great course, A great instructor, worth your time.
Excellent course, worth the time, money and energy.
This is a must take course for aspiring C-Suiters!
Unable to make payment to purchase the certificate
Nice course and very relevant in current scenario.
I enjoyed this course and gained good knowledge .
I enjoyed the course a lot. I highly recommend it
One of the best courses I’ve done in a long time!
Great course and content delivery was outstanding
Good course to participate, learn something new!
Valuable course taught by an excellent professor
Great course with useful insights. Recommend it!
Last assignment rate principals could be better.
Great opportunity to complete high level course.
Excellent course with an excellent professor!!!
I really enjoyed the course.Excellent teaching.
Beautiful course with an impressive professor!
I really enjoyed this one. Thank you Coursera.
Very well designed course module and lectures.
Best experience ever..Great opportunity .....
Great content in smart and easy way to apply.
yes it is a nice course handled by julian : )
Thank you very much for providing good course
very useful and interesting for future career
Totally recommend it! Simple and very clear!
Thank you Coursera. Very impactful course...
Very informative course with great insights.
Insightful teaching and resourceful material
Great course！ I have learn a lot. Thank you!
A very informative & mind provoking course.
Very informative and thanks to Prof. Julian
Excellent course with real life examples .
Excellent educator and highly recommended!
One of the best courses I've taken, by far
very useful to enhance management skills.,
I am really happy with my sir and course.
Great content and an excelent  instructor
Great learning experience Too gud teacher
I very interesting and useful course for
Great but the case study difficult thoug
Outstanding learning tools and material!
Very Informative and  thought evoking !!
I now know more about Management Speak!
Thank you for the granting and learning
very good course. strongly recomend it.
One of the Highly recommended course..
Awesome course ! I loved the content !
great course, very helpful! thank you
Exceptionally well structured course.
Great Professor and interesting topic
Excellent Course Content and Delivery
Great course! Loved every part of it!
very nice course I love it very much
Excellent education content from LBS
Great class! Recommended to anyone!
Very insightful and nontraditional.
Very Useful and Interesting course!
It was an incredible experience!!!
Learned so much from this course .
Thank you this very helpful for me
Dr. Julian Birkinshaw is amAAzing!
Amazing guidance and mentorship !
Really good course and leadership
Effective course for my future...
Exceptional course. learned a lot
good to join. highly informative
Very Good Course and Instructor.
Amazing course,amazing professor
Great Course, really interesting
extremely fine..................
Very good and still very modern.
It was really good and helpful.
great course, highly recommend.
Very helpful and informative !
Refreshing and useful concepts
really good and well organized
Must for all Business Leaders
amazing aproach to innovation
well detailed and educative.
it was a really nice journey
It's everything it should be
Rich, Thoughtful, and  Easy!
Thanks JulianRegardsAntony
A very interesting course,
Very Helpful for Startup's
GreatLearning..Thanksalot
Best course offered here.
great course to consider.
This course is very cool!
Very Interesting content
Great course and mentor.
Very very interesting...
Thank you very much sirs
Excellent and Awesome
Highly Recommended !!
Absolutely brilliant.
Excellent information
Great topics, very w
What a great course!
it is one of a kind!
great course indeed.
The course is great
highly reccomended!
Very Good Content.
Highly enlightened
it is really good
Good learnings!
very educative
I've Loved it
Good The best
great leaning
Nice learning
great  course
Very cool !
Insightful!
Great prof!
Recommended
Educative!
the best!
Great!
