It starts off free then to continue you have to upgrade, why not just charge at the beginning?
I love yoga. I am fascinated by it. But this course...I just can’t force myself to finish it.
I've had a really hard time doing this course.  First all the videos seem to just stop, clipping the last minute or less.   If you pause the video then you have to go back to the beginning to watch.   And my pet peeve is everyone dressed in black.   I have never been to a yoga practice where everyone was in black.  It's not the norm so it's distracting, almost cultish.   I'm glad I decided to monitor the course and did not pay.   Unfortunately there is a lot of good information here if I could just work through the aggravation.  But at this point I'm dropping out.
Enjoyed the instructors.  I was expecting more material to be discussed in the course.  Would have been helpful to have videos discussing the origins of yoga, the different types of yoga, as well as more discussion of the research and what specific benefits yoga has on the human body.One instructor had a question on a quiz within the video that he had not provided the answer to during the video.
It was a little too hard to folloe because it is too technical on medical terms
This course is good for the beginners who wants to connect Yoga and basic of life science, how Yoga helps to be very grateful in any kind of health or mental concern's. People should follow Yoga on a  daily basis with scientific reasons, proved in this course.
This course is very interesting and gives an overall understanding of the different systems in the human body. It shows how yoga can impact our health. I want to go further! Great introduction to many topics.
I appreciated all of the medical expert lectures, and I feel well acquainted with the foundational science behind yoga. Thank you.
I audited the class. Good course, but it never allowed me to finish since I couldn't take the locked quizzes.
It's really amazing to learn from you. Thank you so much for your guidance!! :D
More creative yoga should be incorporated
Superb course for anyone who practices yoga. It expanded the reach I thought yoga had. A lot of scientific research connected to yoga is explained, along with practices. 100% recommendable if you practice yoga or you are thinking to practice it in the future.
One of the best courses I have ever done. Edie's book as an additional support,  very good one too, I'm miles forward now with my teaching,thank you guys.xxx
i am very happy with the course.  I have gained ample knowledge of how yoga helps body in various ways to heal and release stress.
I loved taking this course.  As a registered yoga teacher, I was looking to continue my training and to be able to apply my doctorate degree in biomedical sciences.  I enjoyed the videos and the "Test Your Understanding" style questions throughout were very helpful.  The teachers were outstanding and very knowledgeable in their respective fields.  I wished that more of the additional reading materials (articles) were available in PDF form instead of having to pay individually for them.  That was the only drawback and some of the articles were available right away to download.  I would highly recommend this course to anyone looking to learn more about yoga and how it affects physiology.  Thank you all so much!
This is course demonstrates how yoga can change your life. The practice of yoga, synchronizing breath with body movements can improve your overall health, from a cell level and genetics to every single organ and tissue of you body, providing an optimal physical condition and stress reduction. We have learnt from scientific studies how yoga postures can benefit and aid in almost all kind of pathologies of the body. I am an enthusiastic yoga practitioner and this course encouraged me to do even more yoga, read, research, and reccomend yoga practices to family and friends who suffer from some pathologies. I really recommend the course. DO YOGA! :)
A very fun course that goes more in depth on what I am currently learning in my 200 hour yoga teacher training. This course is a great addition to all of the anatomy that I am both needing and wanting to learn to become a safe and well informed teacher! Realistic amount of time to dedicate towards completing the course with great visual photos to encourage engagement and furthur understanding. Has inspired me to continue learning more, while really dialing in these basics!
The course was a wonderful complement to my Yoga teacher training.  It is well presented and developed with applicable knowledge throughout the course.   As someone who struggles with chronic pain it made me understand why yoga  and meditation work for me and I look forward to sharing this information and encouraging others to take the course. Thank you .  Nadia
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I found the combination of lectures, reflective and summary questions as well as the topic-specific yoga and meditation flows to be well-executed and engaging. Although much of the biology/physiology components were revision from first-year undergrad it was really nice to see how much I had remembered but more importantly, the course made some links of yoga to different functions of the body that I hadn't previously made and I found that this improved my personal daily yoga practice as I got better at connecting breath to movement and mind to muscle as well. I think that this course is very accessible and I highly recommend it to anyone with even passing interest in yoga in order to gain a broad idea of the many health benefits that regular practice offers.
The course gives scientific correlation of human physiology and its relation to Yoga practices. Generic description of various physiological systems in medical terms, their functioning and problems due to internal/ external factors are magnificently brought out in the course. Impact of Yoga exercises on various physiological systems/ organs has been explained by sensing the movements/ pressures created through Yoga. Videos of Yoga exercises are a great help to beginners. For me, the faculty needs the best appreciation for creating interest in the course for students and explaining it so wonderfully. It is a wonderful course for professionals as well as health enthusiasts.
what else could be a better course on yoga here? None but this meticulously designed course at very low price by NYU. A great hardwork is done by the faculy to design that course. It is a course which addresses the question "Why" and "how" yoga et al. helps improve the overall health and wellness. Lot of study material and research papers are introduced which makes it more interesting and helps inculcate practice with theory. Enjoyed every minute spent on this course. Kindly start more courses for an intermediate and advanced Yoga for the enthusiasts around the world.
This was an excellent course in explaining how each body system can be affected by a regular yoga practice. I really enjoyed revising my anatomy and physiology by doing this course as an already qualified yoga teacher. Particularly the epidemiology
This course is great for all yoga teachers and core points of this course should be included in yoga teacher training! It's a good foundation for yoga therapy as well (if they ever did come out with Yoga therapy, would definitely attend it)
I just got my yoga teacher certificte 200hr and this course really hep into linking my knowledge about yoga and its spiritual side with human body physiology. It gave me an insight on how postures influence on our organs and body.
This course has opened new horizons for me as a Yogi. I have much more knowledge and this has made me aware of my entire body as a whole. I will definitely help me guide people whom I teach in the correct and healthier direction
In this course I have learned more about anatomy than my entire life and all yoga courses together. I can't enough recommend this course for any yoga level practice wether students or instructors!!
I was searching this type of course from long time and finally I got on coursera. I am highly thankful to Alexandra Seidenstein, Eddie Stern, Tommy Lee and other guest faculties. This course is very helpful to understand the effect of yoga on human body scientifically. The different physiology taught by Lee was amazing to understand the engineering of human body. Specially the concept of  Genetics and Epigentics and nervous system were mind blowing. The different yoga postures taught by Stern and Seidenstein are very very useful to control the stress as well as for complete health.
This is a gem of a course, this is the best course I have ever done in Coursera and it's same in standard as the classics from Tim (Algorithm) and Andrew (ML)  and some of the Banking and Finance classic courses.This course should go into the Hall of Fame. I have benefited immensely from this course and thanks the instructors from the bottom of my heart for producing a course like this.My only request for future edition will be to provide pdf for reading suggestions, 70% of them are behind a paywall.
This was an excellent course!  It gave me a clear understanding of several yoga postures and the physiological effects of yoga, meditation, and breathing. After just one module, I quickly realized how important this information is for me and anybody who makes the conscious effort in living a healthy life and in protecting this amazing machine we call our body. Knowledge is power! Thank you for making it available on Coursera.org.
Thanks for this course, I have found and learned more than I expected, each lesson has a lot of useful information and tools that can help improve your life and that of others through Yoga. It was very valuable to me to access current knowledge about the benefits (studied by science) of practicing yoga and mindfulness. Excellent course
A very interesting course giving a good overview of how Yoga is beneficial to the overall health and well being of an individual. The correlation of the physiological background and the videos explaining how to do and vary the asanas as per individual capacity is highly informative and easy to understand.
I started this course few days ago and as I was going through it I learnt many things which were quite beneficial for me. I came to know about the benefits of yoga in our daily life . I really thank all my Instructors who delivered me this precious information of the link between yoga and physiology.
Excellent Course for all of us. The contents are very clear and informative. I learned what expected to learn from this course. I found this course very useful and there are plenty of great sources and reading materials available. I love the presenters and the manner of delivery.
This course was amazing! I had no idea that yoga, mindfulness and meditation could so positively impact the many systems of the body. I better understand my body and its responses and with this knowledge I feel much better enthused to make changes that matter.
Great content! Very complete and embraced all the body systems, and how yoga and meditation can help us to take care of our healthy.Besides that, the course shows a huge amount of yoga postures and how each one acts in our body.I recommend.
This was truly one of the best online courses I have ever taken. The information is something that I believe everyone can benefit from on many different levels. I will be recommending this course to some of my fellow yoga teachers!!
Well designed course. Learned a systematic way of doing yoga. simplifying the poses where one is not able to do. Looking forward to the advanced module to this if you have any plans. The best part was learning scientific aspects.
Excellent course! So pleased I made time to do this in my busy schedule. The course is perfectly structured to guide you through the body's systems and explain the yoga practice which can support these systems. Im sad its over!
This  is one of the best courses I have done. I am doing yoga  since last 15 years still I learned many new things about correlation between yoga and human physiology. In the Covid-19 pandemic this course benefited me a lot.
Great course! Rich in yoga and meditation practices to deal with stress and improve physical and mental health! Very well supported with scientific research on the benefits of yoga / meditation. I loved it! Thank you!
As a student about to be yoga teacher certified, this course was amazing and very helpful! I can't wait to be able to continue connecting the body with the movements for myself as well as for my students!
it was a great experience. I learned so many things and made me more aware of the importance of health and how each organ plays a crucial role. even the course structure was very good.
I loved this course, it helped me to integrate my love for science and yoga, I am really interested in continue reading and learning about this, Thanks to the developmenters!!
Extremely Interesting! I highly recommend to anyone who would like to understand your body functions and how everything is connected. The science behind yoga is incredible!
Comprehensive, fascinating look at the physiological aspects of yoga practice, topped with yoga poses and meditation suggestions. Thoroughly enjoyed!
Really great and thorough course. As someone who is into yoga it was nice to do a deeper dive into a lot of the science behind why it feels so good.
Very well designed course, well programmed and executed. Must for anyone who is serious about gaining knowledge of physiology and yoga science.
My wholehearted thanks to Coursera, to all knowledgeable professors and Doctors who taught me such precious information to know myself better.
The course was very well presented. I especially enjoyed reading up on the clinical trials and the benefits of yoga.
Great introduction to yoga for Physical Therapists who are considering incorporating yoga into their practice.
Great course, I really enjoyed. Thank you very much for creating it, and looking forward to another one! :)
I Met Prof.Alexandra  before in real life and she is an amazing human being and very inspirational
Great course, exremely helpful to people who are involved with Yoga or want to start Yoga
Great Course!!Great Knowledge. Thank you so much Univesity and amazing instructors!!!
Great course. I could understand the physiological basis behind the yoga practices.
I loved this course, and I think it helped me both as a student and yoga teacher.
this course is really benefite and helpfull for learing about  yoga and health.
Very insightful, applicable, relevant knowledge. I enjoyed it thoroughly!
AWESOME- PERFECT- I DONT KNOW WHAT TO SAY!!! I LEARNED ALOT. ENJOY GUYS
Amazing course on Yoga with the background information of Anatomy
Professional approach. Learned a lot and enjoyed it very much.
Very clear an amazing information! Yoga is the best! Love it!
Excellent course linking yoga and human body functions....
A very nice way to understand yoga from a scientific stand
It was a very curious journey!!!  thank you so much!!!
Excellent course!  Well designed and informative.
It is a well structured course .
Found it very Insightful.
Nice balanced content.
Amazing class !
GOOD TO LEARN
