I am really disappointed with the content of this course. If what you're looking for is the most basic of information on making better choices and remembering to wash your cutting board after handling raw meat, maybe this course is for you.  If, however, you come to this course wanting specific information about how to build great meals for babies, toddlers, and young children, or you'd like to know how their needs change over time, this course is not for you. I was hoping for information like how to teach your toddler to chew/eat difficult things (ex: whole apples).  I wanted to know at what age/weight you switch to 2% milk.  I wanted to know how many calories a meal should be based on height and weight and how that changes over time. I wanted to know medically verified tips on getting the right amount of each nutrient into a toddler's diet and what, if any, extra vitamins should be added. I wanted tips on weaning if you're still nursing a toddler... I guess I just wanted more.In addition, the quizzes are so easy as to be silly. Actual quiz question and correct answer:  Which is NOT a good way to approach grocery shopping if healthy choices are desired?  Answer: Visit the supermarket hungry and walk through the candy aisle first. COME ON! Did I need a Stanford University course to tell me that one?!?!? While the instructor is knowledgeable, this course is geared toward someone with NO knowledge, not someone who wants to gain a deeper understanding. The videos are painfully slow (am I waiting for a doodle here???) and I could read the entire course worth of transcripts in under a half hour rather than go through all of the videos. And the recipes... good god! I don't think that someone interested in learning more about child nutrition is needing a slow tutorial on how to make basic oatmeal on the stove top.  If she'd upped the game- showed basics and then talked about the benefits of adding, say, chia seeds, different fruits, flax, etc. and how best to make a basic bowl of oatmeal into a complete breakfast, that would have been a useful topic.  I'm just hugely disappointed. This course is best suited to perhaps a health department; not to someone seeking college level information about a topic that matters to their children's lives.
It was mentioned that course is free and will get free certificate after completion but now asking for ₹3000. This is not a good practice.
The course is very basic, videos contain a lot of repetitions and quiz questions are too easy (in addition, I believe that there are too much negative questions). I believe that this course should be called an Introduction to the basics of Nutrition and it's only for complete newbies.  There are no insights in specifics of child nutrition besides general concepts of balanced diet and some tips how to make your kids be more enthusiastic in eating vegetables.
Worst course ever.  I stopped partway through.  Too many links to outside stuff.  Tests/quizes were not based on what was presented in the lessons.  Test design is horrible, too many negative questions.  Glances over the good true information about nutrition to tell us about free range farms, farmers markets, etc., which most people do not have access to or can not afford.  Giving it 1 star is being nicePeople who sponsored it should get their money back.
Some lectures are just right for the public in general but most of them seem to be built from common sense, there´s where I wonder if the American people are so unliterate on food issues. The quality of the visual material is also variable, I am sure that including animation of more appealing graphics would be helpful to engage more people into the course; another challenge would be to prepare more challenging content.
I only took this Course because I was forced too and I don't think it matters what you eat it's just how much you eat. You also don't need to eat lots of Vegetables and Fruit to be a Health person just saying .Plus this course is boring as hell
Info was very basic, and there seemed to be no academic sources to show how the ideas were formulated. The videos, and content was also not that engaging, so it became background noise.
While I was doing this course it has shown me it's free. And now it's showing I have to purchase my certificate. Why so?
Once the course ended, the instructor felt it appropriate to email me about her useless blog.
After completion of course did not get certificate very disappointment
Too basic and too focused on 'farmers market' thinking.
Not very good nor scientific
Not very useful.
First, I would like to say that with the exception of ONE exam, I was able to take all the tests WITHOUT WATCHING THE VIDEOS. That shows that this is a poorly put together course. Secondly, this course did NOT cover CHILD NUTRITION, it covered general nutrition. There was nothing helpful in regards to meal planning with children (although there was useful information in the Lunch Packing Video.) Although it claims the project at the end of the course is optional, it will not let me complete the course without doing the project. I find that extremely frustrating. This course offered a lot of great information (even if it was a weird combo of factual/opinionated) I was frustrated by the fact that this course is OBVIOUSLY geared towards the upper middle class/rich instead of the the everyday blue-collar family. I will do the project to complete the course but was very disappointed in my first course through Coursera.
Changed my mind after watching the cooking. The course on nutrition is just "ok" but the teacher has a very skewed idea about what "healthy cooking" really is and fails to present with reasons for her recipe choices.Anyway I stopped watching the course, again, the nutritional part is fairly good but if you choose to continue the course at least make sure you keep searching for other points of view as well.Best of luck.
Condescending, not backed up with evidence and preachy. Somewhere in there are some good ideas for making healthy food for kids but given I'm probably of similar politics to what they're pushing and I found it obnoxious I think they're alienating a lot of people. Must do better.
This cours is good for beginners. It´s nice to see videos and thing about what we have been cooking for our family and children. But I really appreciate deeper view into what is good for babies, infants. What should be the first meal they meet in their life.
If you aren't familiar with cooking and nutrition this course is a good fit. However, if you have a bit of background in healthy eating, you may not get as much out of this course.
Very basic course into child nutrition. Recipes were very basic too. Was hoping this course will cover on how to read labels especially e-numbers.
Very disappointing to see this professor using sugar in most of her meals for her children, and using olive oil in high temperature.
Was expecting a deeper unsdersting and knowledge of child nutrition and its impact in the health of little ones... too general.
I found it very basic. There were lots of repetition. I was expecting something more in-depth. Loved the graphics though.
dunno wwhat's the point of making two separate courses with different names.. the content are fundamentally the same.
There was literally only one module that had to deal with nutrition.
It was too simple for my taste and not very fullfilling science wise
It's not effective
Trivial course
The course is good, but it is incredibly basic. Perhaps for the average American it may be excellent content, but for anybody even minimally knowledgeable in nutrition everything is already well known (even the deceptive way grocery stores lay out their floorplans and shelve their products). I completed the whole course in a couple of hours (watching the videos at 2x which already felt "too slow" and required me to skip ahead not to fall asleep). I don't think I learnt anything from it which I did not know already from my mandatory nutrition class which I took in high school. But I grew up decades ago in a different country, so things may be different now and/or for people who grew up in the USA. Our family already cooks most of its meals home, we always eat together every dinner (and when schedule allows breakfast and lunch too), and we drink only water -- so I can relate with the teacher stressing these aspects, but again, this is like saying water is wet for me.From Stanford, I was expecting something more sophisticated. For example regarding the 9 essential aminoacids: what are the recommended daily quantities for kids, which food contains them in which quantities, is it possible to have a balanced diet for a kid which is vegetarian or even vegan? If yes, how? If not why (in detail)? Not just a in passing mention of the timeworn beans-and-corn.So in conclusion, my low rating is probably more of the result of my unmet expectations (previous paragraph) than an actual lack of the course itself (first paragraph). Probably a title such as "Home Cooking for Healthy Children" (or anything similar avoiding the word "nutrition", which implies a  more scientific content), would have set my expectations right (and I would not have wasted my time on it).
It's an ok course, very easy and understandable, well explained. It's too easy, and most of the information I already knew it, it's just common sense.On the first test, there is a question with no option for the correct answer, and I did not felt good about completing the course without my overall tests resulting in a 100%, not being my fault but a mistake on the test itself. What I liked the most about the course was the instructor. She is very nice to hear and see, and explain things well.I don't think it's worth paying for have a certficate, because I didn't learn much.
The modules are rampant with bias against "big food," without considering the science. On the other hand, if you take the course as a whole, then yes, the population would be better off if we all followed the suggestions contained in this course than if we continue on our current path for how we consume food. So the general idea is not without merit. However, I would have expected better from a Stanford faculty member. What is being taught should be just the science, without opinions or biases.
It is a really interesting course,  it refers to the general public, with smart tips and quick recipies. Also, for those who know nothing about the sience part of lipids, carbohydrates and trace elements, in generall, it constitutes a very informative ''package'' for everyone. There is no specialaization in this kind of coures us I expected, because I am a food technologist, I kwnow most of the parts, but still it is really helpfull and interestin! Verry good job!
This is a great course for new parents who have no background on child nutrition. For those who are already familiar with basic nutrition, most of this course may be a review for you but there's some good information and facts to take away. I wish the instructor had a little more training/skill in the cooking segments (e.g. basic knife skills she said don't cut your finger but held the knife completely wrong, using the knife to point at different ingredients).
Very good place to start for beginners with some scientific information. Easy and quick to do food demonstrations, basic enough that students can build upon them depending on what is available at hand. Some ideas just tend to be redundant throughout the weeks, but I guess that is what she wants to stress on. No to processed food!! :)) I just wish you kept the discussion boards open, so we have a platform to discuss ideas and exchange recipes.
Child Nutrition and Cooking was a pretty fun and easy course.  As a stay at home mom and experience novice cook since childhood this class was more of a recap of basic cooking for me and a nice reminder of nutritional goals and current standards. I enjoyed it for my introduction to Coursera.  Unfortunately this course didn't offer offer a certificate or statement of accomplishment in any form at the time I took it.  :(
Dear Sir or Madam, after completing the short course introduced by Stanford school of medecine I was under the impression that I have watched James Oliver's "Food Revolution with Jamie" where he was sharing basic facts about carbs and proteins. That whould be extremely beneficial if you add more information about the healthy food, GMO and WHO organisation in your course. Thank you.
The design of the course, the videos and the lecturers are really great! I would say the overall execution of the course is much better than the other courses I've taken so far. What makes me rate this as an average is due to the contents. I expected interesting conundrums about nutrition would also be presented, but I only found a simple and common knowledge covered.
After taking a Nordic food diet course where they talked about children's' diets in the Nordic countries and how they were changing the norm, this course covered the basics as to what and why certain foods are good for you. I had been hoping for more complex recipes, but there were some differences to my dishes that I already make which were a nice change.
Good course for beginners, but those with higher levels of nutrition knowledge will likely: 1. Find it way too easy; 2. Find that the recipes actually contain rather unhealthy ingredients (e.g., always avoid butter--too unhealthy); and 3. Find the lack of vegetarian, vegan, low-carb, and other diet-lifestyles discouraging.
I would expect to have more information on vegetables. I am trying to become vegan, but I am concerned about the nutritional value. Also, the information about amino acids is out of date. How to make meals without the 8 allergens would also be helpful. I think the course was very superficial.
this course is very useful if you want to learn about something that majority of people(not including me) don't care about, and is based on out-dated info and opinions of a high middle class, house mom. this course is a waste of data. someone get some actual statistics here.
It was a little bit basic for me. I am a pediatrician and I was looking for something more sophisticated. I know it said beginner but I figured I would try it anyway. I did find the speaker easy to understand, pleasant and informative. I did learn along the way as well.
I quite liked it because it had some information I was not aware of but most of it pretty basic. I wanted a more specific course, not necessarely super advanced but at least not THAT basic. Also she repeated several times the same information on each module.
Nice overview, I didn't really learn a lot of new things, but it was a good refresher and also encouraged me again to review our eating habits. I would have liked to have a bit more information about the portion sizes per food group per age range.
Very basic, but good info if you are brand new to cooking and health. I don't agree with everything taught (like the heavy use of dairy, eggs, and meat), but it's definitely a better approach to diet than the Standard American Diet.
Very good course but I think you need to update it, do not use processed products, and replace them with healthier products, such as the type of salt, the type of sweetener, the type of oil, the type of flour, etc. .
Too simple for what I was looking for. Wanted more detail on specific day-to-day routines/ for weaning from breast milk to solids, including learning the nutritional basis for recommendations. Then also m
The course was pretty informative and stressed on the basics and fun of cooking.But i found it to be a little repetitive through the weeks and also more technical information could have been shared.
Good and clear content. A bit from an American point of view... I missed some in depth explanation (like the class of the nerv-system or the Glycemic index). Overall easy to watch and good lessons.
Loved the course, would take a continuation if available. Little basic but with enough info. Great ideas for cooking. Felt it was too based in USA information and some was not really conclusive.
There are some nice cooking tips, but this is targeted to very young students/parents with no cooking experience, and I expected more than general information on food impacts on children.
A very good course. I would appreciate if the context of the course could be GLOBAL instead of US Centric. Since I am an Indian, I found many references non-relevant to our culture.
Nice course about eating suggestions and good recipesIt could be useful giving details on how making a diet for children, with information about calories they need and so on
Presentation is entertaining and easy to follow, as well as original, but expected increased deepness of contents and complexity of recipes.
Good and well explained course for layman. If one is already into healthy eating and cooking then there is very limited new info in it.
I really enjoy the food preparation and the important facts about our body, about our food intake habits. thank u a lot Maya.
Some interesting info and some common sense data. Too short videos. but its a good starting course in food helath
The course seems like it would benefit parents but does not do much for a nutrition health professional.
Simplistic. But so easy for anyone to watch and learn. I wish more people would take this course.
learned something, but not as much as i expected. hope to add more nutrition knowledge.
Good information, a bit basic though. I would've enjoyed a more in depth course.
Very basic, I expected a more scientific and clinical class from Stanford.
Informative and basic...would have liked to have gone into more detail.
Best course but how to see my certificate then I will review it again
Good overall course, basic and got me interested in cooking again!
Nice and clear course, but the level is not university level...
Very basic course, not too challenging to a non-american.
Content was too easy to be a university level course.
A more evidence-based approach would be interesting.
It's good for people who are beginners in cooking.
Too basic. No processed foods.. ok but what else?
Accurate , but very basic information.
doens't address the vegan lifestyle
A bit american - but I like it!
Enjoyed learning through the course. Very informative in our day today lifestyle.
I found this course very much valuable for kids as well as other elder people. The teaching method was highly impressive and Dr. Maya Adam really inspired me. I wanted to give 5 stars but I found few things missing, such as food recipes were without quantity of items (especially in written format), gardening was described in a very short format (I felt that it required little bit more detail), market visits could be a very healthy and informative section, some experts advice & suggestion (including famous chefs), some discussion over food available and prepared in hotels/restaurants & also visits over there. Over all it's really a good course and I would definitely recommend to others. My all the best wishes to Dr. Maya Adam such a great work and hope see more from her.Thank you.Regards,Shoukat Shadat Ali
I thought the course was comprehensive and appealing to a broad audience. The inserts about home cooking options, shopping choices and how to include children in meal preparation was genuinely warm. Just because of my personal curiosity it would have been interesting to hear more about the political debates concerning lobbyists that were a part of developing the food pyramid but this aspect was probably omitted due to the focus being on child involvement in learning about food choices and cooking. The course did mention how grocery store positioning and marketing affect food choices but there was no mention of the numerous fad diets that people are exposed to that influence their choices. The course was compelling and it would be nice to see more from this instructor.
The lecturer is very nice and her style of presenting is warm and clear. I loved the graphics drawn to accompany explanations! However, the information as such may be relevant if you are from the USA. In Europe, most of the sensible advice would actually be considered not-so-good practice (meaning things that you do only if you're pressed for time), plus obviously the regulations are different (market is more regulated towards healthier food here - things that are normal in US are forbidden here), plus the target group was quite puzzling (I mean I know all the practical things presented here since age 12 - I wonder who are the people who don't, but are still educated enough to use coursera).
Great information if you're just starting out. I was hoping for a bit more of a quantitative approach (guidance on how many calories children need, how much protein per day, which vegetables contain which key micronutrients) and a bit more guidance for a vegetarian diet (how to ensure sufficient complete proteins, how to get enough iron, anything else to watch out for). I really liked the cooking demonstrations, though, and I will try some of them. We already cook at home but after the children arrived we found we need to streamline and simplify our cooking in order to get dinner done on time every day. The cooking demonstrations in this course show exactly the cooking stye I want to adopt.
Good science, great explanations, simple recipes with tips and advice.  Strongly recommended to people with little/no cooking and/or science backgrounds - especially new university students and parents.  However, I would not consider the professor (she is a doctor though) a skilled chef - while her recipes are great and simple, the techniques she uses are perhaps not the best, given that she is conducting a course that's nearly 20% cooking demonstrations.  I would strongly suggest consulting a Jamie Oliver book/video, or Michael Smith to augment this course.TL'DR: Great science and explanations, good recipes, could have used better cooking techniques.  Good for uni students/healthy eaters.
Well planned, easy to understand segments and simple recipes that will work for newbie cooks. It also covered a variety of topics, some of which I had not thought about. Suggestions: Some of the topics could be more in-depth like nutrition labels are a big concern today and deserved more attention in the course. Also I would've like to see a chart that gives inputs into planning  a child's diet like 3-5 servings of veg, so much fluid etc rather than the generic "eat more vegetables" principle that was the focus in this course. Perhaps a shorter follow up course could include more information and less recipes.
As a college student I really appreciate how many of the tips shared are simple and can be implemented on a day to day basis. A lot the recipes and ideas shared do not require really fancy equipment or ingredients I've never heard of, are super expensive, or hard to find. The instructor truly cares about students leaning how to cook for themselves and eat healthier and provides information to do so without judgement. Her passion is clear and I love how she promotes little steps and not some drastic change that can eat up all of your energy and focus to implement. Thank you!!!!
This is a very clear and very well presented course. It covers the science of nutrition as  well as the practical aspects of cooking through demos. The instructor speaks clearly and knowledgeably about her subject.I will note that it is definitely a beginner level course. If you already do a fair bit of cooking from scratch and have already read some Michael Pollan books, you may not learn much that is new to you. What it does though, it does very well.Also, the instructor's kitchen is beautiful and I spent most of the lectures coveting it greatly :)
I really enjoy how in-depth the lessons are. I have four small children and have learned that they eat and drink what we do because they love to mimic us as their role models and if we would not want a bunch of junk in our bodies why should our children. This world is so fast paced and fast food junkies yet we can still make even small choices that are healthy for us like maybe a grilled chicken or a salad if we absolutely have to have something while out. Otherwise it's much better and cheaper to cook at home and have family time
I found most of what was presented very interestng. I found that when the lesson on chicken soup and stew was being presented, that you used chicken broth from a box. To get better flavour of your chicken soup, why not just add one cube of beef? Better yet, with your stew, why not add some homemade veggie stock which can keep in the freezer?Overall I enjoyed the course, but if you could address the above issue of chicken broth from a box, i would appreciate it. Also, is there a way to get your drawings from this lesson? Thank you
All the videos are clear, you can understand everything. Also, you learn topics relation with the environment which I think it´s important to know how the food affects not only to us, as well how affects the economic and the social life around the world. But I think they should incentive more healthier practices in connection with sugars, for example instead use sugar should use Stevia, and respect to the fats should talk about others alternatives like coconut oil and ghee, and not talk only about the olive oil and butter.
The material given is good for an introductory course on child nutrition. The graphics and didactic material is very good. I would suggest that Dr. Maya improve on her cooking skills (cutting and chopping), It takes too long to do every task and she must use appropriate tools. also, measurements are very important in the kitchen to be disregarded as she does. Remember, she might be teaching to people that have not cook at all. Cooking without measuring is for an expert or a least for somebody with some cooking experience.
There was a lot of very valuable information in the course, and I very much liked the general structure. However, maybe it was due to my career and family background, but there was also plenty of information that I had mistaken as common knowledge. Apparently I have more knowledge in this area than I assumed.Overall, this was a very interesting course, and the combination of the videos and smart board graphics helped keep things interesting. I would very much recommend Child Nutrition and Cooking!
I enjoyed this course very much and found it to be a very good introduction to the science of nutrition and cooking.  It wasn't focused on children as much as I thought it would be.  I would have liked to know a lot more about portion sizes and calories intake, which weren't much discussed.  I knew that some foods were good and others were bad... thanks to the course, I now also know why!  I didn't find the course too challenging and thought that Maya Adams was a very pleasant instructor.
It was fun doing this course and at the same time was quite informative. The small things matters most is what you realise and long time back Mahatma Gandhi has said most of the things especially the economic and ecological aspects of our food consumption and habits and has predicted the difficulties we would face. JC Kumarappa on Economy of Permanence is a good read in this regard. Excellent presentation and even a  kid will watch it with great interest.
I love the teaching style that Maya provides. The diagrams are cute and engaging. A great course for those who are not used to eating healthy, and do not cook on a regular basis. For those who are already health conscious and enjoy cooking, this course may not provide you with much new information, but rather confirmed what I already knew and was taught as a child by your mother, or through learning how to cook healthy meals for yourself.
I really liked this course.  It has given me a renewed appreciation for home cooking. My favorite part was the hand drawings for the main content videos.  I also liked all the cooking demonstrations.  I plan on trying them real soon    In the future, I'm hoping for more content and the opportunity to earn a certificate.  I'd like to see a section specific nutritional targets for certain age groups.  Menu planning would also be welcome.
I felt like a lot of this information was VERY basic, and then I consider the people around me and how little they know about food and nutrition. Someone like my niece who is young with an infant would definitely benefit from this course. I like the way the information was presented, very easy to comprehend. Overall I'd recommend this course if you are interested in knowing a bit more about nutrition regardless if you have a child.
I enjoyed the course and found it very informative.  However I felt some of the recommendations, like visiting farmer´s markets and growing your own vegetables would be difficult for low income families to follow.  It´s great that olive oil was used as the primary fat in the kitchen, but I think it´s worth emphasising that not all olive oils are equal, and that ideally you should use Extra Virgin Olive oil for everything.
This course provides great information. If you have taken any other basic nutrition courses, as I have, most of the information is review. I found the that info wasn't necessarily specific to children but could be applied to all individuals regarding healthy eating, choosing local/organic etc. Even if you don't have children and want to learn more about healthy eating, this course would be beneficial for you.
I like the structure of the course as well as its presentations.The instructors are very lively and creative in providing real-life information and materials.I suggest to have more courses with her that has a deeper understanding of child nutrition in various age groups.However, some of the cooking demonstrations do not indicate the temperature and duration of the heating.That's why I gave the course 4 stars.
Some of the information from video to video was repetitive. However, I learned a lot about how organic food is good for people and the environment. Additionally, it was great to see how children can get involved in the kitchen and i hope that any parents who watch this try to get their children to be involved with a small garden or helping to prepare meals. Hands-on is the best way for kids to learn!
This course is great!! And fun too...I learn many thing that I've overlooked for these years, just like nutrition label and soon. This course tell me the basic knowledge of healthy meal and the importance of making my own meal. Unfortunately, this course is pretty much short like the other...It'll be SUPER if the content of the course could be extended a lil' bit (or a lot more is better though :p)
I did learn a few new things over this course and it was nice to be able to skip ahead/read ahead instead of watching the videos. I didn't take to the slowness of the videos as some may. I think a more excited approach would be better, it was a bit monotonic. Overall, a decent course especially for someone needing motivation to provide better meals for their family or themselves.
There's a little bit too much in the way of "buy organic!" when there's no evidence to recommend that but other than that a very nice course. I would recommend that they retool it to be more accessible to people on the lower income brackets. I got news for  you, "almond flour" is not something most people are going to spring for when it costs several times what wheat flour does.
The presenter is very confident and extremely passionate about what she is discussing. I have had a change of heart about how to take care of my child's diet. Usually the video presentations are great, very high quality, my only niggle is that sometimes the black screen PPTs go on for a bit too long, and can be repetitive. Overall a very good course.
This was a good introduction to Coursera for me.  Some of the information I already knew, but it was good to learn the "why" behind some of it.  There were a few of the quizzes that contained questions from videos that hadn't been covered yet.  Her information about food allergies was good, I would like to see her offer a class on just that topic.
As I am a dietitian and saw this course offered from Stanford, I had higher expectations. I did enjoy the class. However, I thought it tailored nutrition for those who have little to no knowledge of basic nutrition. The course should be labeled as such. I am working to specialize in pediatrics, and would like to be challenged a little more.
I enjoyed the course, but I feel it was a little general and I was hoping for something more specific about child nutrition. I would love to know more about portions, sizes, how to introduce more and diferent vegetables (like strategies). I have read and watch many documentaries about this topic, so maybe I was expecting more about it.
It´s a great Course for unexperienced Cooks. Most of the recipies are very Basic but I think they encourage People to cook even if they´re not used to cooking a lot. The explanations are very clear and easy to follow. Personally, I would have loved to hear more about preparing and storing homemade Food (freezing, storing in jars etc.)
The relevance of this course material for a common Indian household is not much as our basic meal have almost all the component of balance diet. But the growing trend of busy life in big cities has started the dependence on fast food in India too so somehow this will help people to remind the importance of home cooked food.
This course was a great refresher for basic nutritional/health information, and comes with a really great message: don't worry if you're not a great "chef", basically any home-cooked meal will be healthier than fast or processed food!  I enjoyed the cooking demonstrations and simple solutions for making healthy choices.
I don't think this course is for everyone. It's for the more industrialised societies who eat everything out of a jar. Not for those of us who still cook everyday. Having said that there was some information that was new and useful and some very good ideas to get kids more interested in the food they eat. I enjoyed it.
Very general course. Don't think it REALLY went in depth on the nutritional side for children. There was also sections on how the meat is raised which is nice to know, but do not think that is really relevant to the course. Over all was nice course and really informed on getting the children involved in their food.
This course refreshed my knowledge, and I also learned many new aspects on nutrition for children. This course is useful for me who is a new mom and preparing to go back to work soon. The summary and graph are vivid and fun, which help the students remember the concepts easily. Thank you for offering the course.
Very interesting and handy. I'm Spaniard, so most of the things are basic for me such as the use of onion and garlic in meals, and the use of street market for shopping vegetables. But the recipes were fantastic and since I'm a mother of a 1-year-old child, I will put on practice soon. Thank you!
I think this was a great intro course and parents would benefit from it greatly.  I wish more of the recipes were vegetarian and diary free (I was in fact surprised that so much diary was part of the recipes).  Regardless, a lot better foods than those being served on a regular basis.
This course is well crafted and perfect for those who need to understand the basics of child nutrition and cooking. The instructor includes cooking tips and recipes that will be most useful to kitchen newbies and those who are trying to make healthier food choices in the kitchen.
I enjoyed taking this course! I learned the value in making homemade meals for my family. I understand processed foods has a damaging affects and should avoid. In addition, the information I acquire will help me in the long run to make healthier choices for myself and family.
Very good content but...Needs more in-depth explanation about the effects of health when eating these foods to kids, especially to global standards such as malnutrition, sickness, etc. (and it sets up to American setting... feels left out again for an international student.)
While some of the information was a bit basic for someone who is a bit familiar with the material, it was an awesome review and I can see this providing a lot of great and wonderful information to someone who may not be as familiar. I would definitely recommend this course.
Very useful but beginner level of knowledge about child nutrition and cooking. It is also catered for an essentially American audience that some learners outside the U.S. may find less relevant, especially when it comes to dieting habits and some of the cooking methods.
it's  really good but big my problem is it that unfortunately I can't study with my language and my English not is good and i can't understand good questions ! I could so happy if this course have a Persian language and I could say most of my friends .Best regard Thanks
I enjoyed taking this course because not only was it very insightful, but also easy to understand. The science behind the way our body processes foods is beautifully drawn and illustrated using charts and diagrams. It makes the course enjoyable and easy to follow.
The course is very useful as it builds your skill especially when you have little kids to serve them with various options of recipe to cook. It also enhances your knowledge about organic, natural and reading labels and deciding about what is good for your health.
This is a very good course, however it does not take into consideration certain details we learn in Nutrition. For instance the use of wood type instruments for cooking, they can hide microorganisms and the use of oil to fry when the best option would be baking.
I love the course, even I am not a mother, but soon I will be, so I think this course really helpful. It gives me knowledge about how to give food to your family especially children. Start from choosing the ingredients up to cook it in a proper way.Thank You
Light but insightful. The course felt very humanized, as something anyone can relate with, so it feels like you are learning things that apply to your day to day lifestyle. Even thou I had a major understanding of the field, I still really enjoyed the class.
It's an excellent course for new moms who are worried about feeding right our children. Maya is really nice, and all the information provided is really helpfull and easy to do in our lifes. Thank you so much for taking the time of doing this course for us.
Excellent presentation. Many great recipes.The only drawback I see in the course is the excessive use of Olive oil in many of the recipes.All oils  clog the arteries and can exacerbate arteriosclerosis.And certainly this can occur in young children.
It's a great course and I enjoy it a lot. I learned useful information and great tips and tricks. I love visual aids (the black board) and cooking demonstrations. However I had a strong feeling that it is designed mainly for learners from the US.
I learned some new information in this course and was reminded of some healthy eating habits I had forgotten. I love that she cooks meals cooking show style. The class about how to stock your pantry for healthy eating was particularly helpful.
Great course - I think there could be more on different grain types and alternatives to pasta and potatoes. Also the videos can be speed up during the drawings. Sometimes the sound changes awkwardly during the parts were there is only drawing.
I enjoyed the course overall. However, I wish it was a bit more informative. I know that the course was designed as simple and efficient as possible but personally, I wished that there was a bit more depth. However, enjoyable course overall.
I really enjoyed the course.Short videos communicating essential information.I have become health conscious and now more careful while choosing foods to buy or cook.I would recommend this course to every one willing to have a healthy life.
Don't have a kid, but learned a lot about food and some basic recipes which will make my decision making for heatlhier food easier. Liked it that you also come from a doctor's background and gave a lot of medical research insights.
This goes over basics for how to involve kids, which is great. If you're already a thoughtful cook, it may not have a ton for you as far as recipes go but the information on how we use our nutrients and balancing food is fantastic.
Very good basic teachings that can get anyone with a family set to start cooking more nutritious and delicious meals for the whole family. I like how simply it is and how one can easily apply the knowledge to their every day lives.
Very helpful. Straightforward and practical.  I like the way Dr. Adam explains nutrition and I strongly agree with her views on home cooking, avoiding processed food and including children on every step of food preparation.
Interesting, the information is very basic so if you already have some knowledge in nutrition it may be a little bit to simple. That's the only reason I put a 4 stars and not a 5, is a great introduction to nutrition.
I don't agree with everything that is being said. For instance, I prefer not to use sugar at all when it comes to cooking for my family. But still, some practical ideas are included and the recipes are easy to cook.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. The information presented was clear, thorough and educational. The course included various tips and recommendations paired with practical advice and science based information.
I think it's very nicely organized. However, most of the information is common sense to me. But I really enjoyed the cooking demonstrations and gardening tip. Definitely thinking about starting a basil plant.
Nice and basic information covered.  Nice to have the interaction with the learnes and their dishes.   Would be great to have a follow up with more in depth info about Food requirements of the different age
In general, this course is very nice and informative but the recipes should mention cooking time. Also, I find it a bit scary that the author doesn't make her own chicken broth a processed one.
Ms Adam is great - clear and concise. It's a pleasure watching the videos. From a content point of view, I found the lectures more targeted to the US and not so relevant for other territories.
Very well structured course and covered the basics well. Love the pictorial way of explaining things. Learnt good stuff about nutrition specially reading labels and some myths cleared.
SO fun to listen to this course. Very clear instruction. My rating of 4 out of 5 is simply because the information is very basic and, to me, common sense! Truly enjoying this course!
Pretty easy, only complaint is that the instructor says the tongue is the strongest muscle in the body. This is not true and made me question the rest of the material in the course.
Hi thereIt’s a good, easy, interesting, and important learning.Though my children are now big enough but still I learnt a lot and will definitely try to pass these information on!
Couple things I didn't agree with, but for the audience in mind I think it's very solid and has a wonderful introduction to child nutrition or just to grasp nutrition in general.
It s brilliant course for teachers and mothers. I found it very useful as found information regarding allergies and what we can substitute for that specific allergic ingrediant.
This course has shown me very interesting facts about food and how to ensure that a child is getting the nutrients they need for their development and in a fun, involved way.
I found this course to be informative yet interactive and easy to apply. The videos were well designed for me as a learner. The quizzes helped reviewed the content I learnt.
As an expecting mother, this course was just what I was looking for! Thank you, Miss Maya & family. And thank you for making this available to me, Stanford School of Medi
it's the core information that every parents or even every person should know about food & nutrition. this course has made me cook for our kids and plant our own veggies.
An awesome course that not only teach us about nutrition but also many different recipes....The teaching method and the teacher used is the best!!!Really enjoyed.. :)
I really liked this course, although the things cooked in it were a little basic. That being said, it is an admirable cause and I found Maya really inspiring!
Great course to introduce people to the process and production of the U.S. food system and how to incorporate healthy food into children's lives and futures.
Great course, written from the American perspective but still very relevant as the world 'westernises' itself. Loved Dr. Maya's passion and friendly manner.
It is nicely described. Language and accent used is very much easy to grasp. Well categorized and presented lecture are helpful to memorize the information.
This course introduces the topic in interesting way and should be checked by anyone interested in healthy nutrition and eating habits not only for kids.
Very good but basic information. This class covers some good solid skills everyone should have for reading labels and preparing their own meals at home.
I love the course as it is easy to understand and covers the more basic stuffs that we might have missed out during food preparation for our children.
This course was so simple but very informative! I am not a parent but I still wanted to learn more about nutrition as it is important for everyone.
Very nice and interesting course with a lot of useful informaion, easy to learn and understand. Thank you! Do you have part 2 of this course?:))
Good for public education with general nutrition knowledge integrated with environmental protection, practical behaviors and cooking exercises.
It was interesting to know more about healthy food for my baby, I wish I could know more recipes for my little baby, he has already 18 months.
This was a great learning experience about nutritional food and explored various options to inculcate healthy eating in today's food intake.
Very useful course. It should have contained few food recipes of  different countries.Great learning about child nutrition.Thanks n regards.
This course encourage me to do this for my future kids someday. Also I can share it to my future students of what I've learn in this course
Very helpful in nutrition, not just for kids, but in general. Made me more aware of some of the processed junk I've been putting in my body
Great Insights on Nutrition but could be more effective by explaining the calorie counts and expalin the mechanism of proper diet intake
If you have kids, it perfectly for you to learn how to cook more healthy food, and get more information about everyday food around us.
It is easy but useful course for everyone, especially for mums. I really love the teacher who is beautiful and knowledgeable lady.
i like the course so much , like its music , its diagrams, the way you explain every single information, and your calming voice
I am a professional Chef and was really helpful for me to get some new view about cooking and using ingredients more careful.
Very usefull videos and recipes. I did not like that test questions contain negations, sometimes they were hard to understand
Probably, a good course for absolute beginners to learn the basics and those who have no understanding of how to cook )))
A brief and useful introduction to nutrition and building healthy eating habits from childhood—absolutely worth my time.
I enjoyed this course because it taught me about chemicals contained in processed foods, and showed me healthy recipes.
Enjoyed it but perhaps a little too basic for my needs. Still would recommend if you are not familiar with nutrition.
Good basic information for every parent to know.All of us should make time to cook healthier food for our families.
A pretty solid course, though there does appear to be a degree of cognitive bias regarding certain farming methods.
I loved this course. It is simple and basic but it is easy to understand and it is not boring to watch the videos.
I have done this course before and completed it successfully. But I am not able to get the certificate. Thank you
I would have appreciated more detailed cooking instructions such as length of time to cook and oven temperatures
I find it great course, but using nutella and aluminium foil paper were not healthy to include in the course .
Short but pleasant course. Lots of practical information and recipes. I started my kitchen garden afterwards.
I loved this course. It was full of great ideas and amazing recipes that I shared with my friends. Thank you
I enjoyed the course and I cooked some of the dishes it is really taste great beside it is healthythank you!
I loved the course. But unfortunelly i did for free and didn't get a certification... I was counting on it.
Very basic introduction and crash course to child nutrition and cooking. For the busy parent/working adult.
It is a perfect course for moms!! For medical students it's good but simple and easy. I loved the recipes.
It is a great course. You could learn basic things about nutrition and how can you improve your children's
Maya is a wonderful teacher. She presents the information in a way that is easy to understand and follow
Very easy to go through, the material sticks to you and you will be making healthy choices in no time.
loved learning the great simple healthy recipes! Also great information for kids, teens, and adults.
loved most of the information. totally loved the recipes and really hope that my grandchildren will
Super useful!  But I think it should have more chemical about the reactions of food in our bodies
Great course!. Content was clear and precise. I would have loved to learn more recipes for kids.
Pretty good, I like it! It is easy to understand and makes me want to try a more healthy life.
Amazingly simple reasons and ways in which we can keep children's food nutritious and healthy!
Really satisfied with the way Dr Maya Adam approached the topic and presented it. Thumbs up.
Very good tutor & can attract students to learn more with their skills and sweet smile too.
This course is very useful and easy for me to follow it. I'll try to do some nutritive meal
Well,I learnt a lot not only in cooking meal,but also in getting nutrition in healthy way.
this course is very simple and specific, very important to parents thanks for all team
Really educational and full of interesting and valid arguments! Thank you, professor!
Very interesting course. Many things I already knew it because I usually ook at home.
A nice and easy course. Super interesting. I do not think this is an college course.
It was very complete. The videos and the pictures were good to understand the ideas.
Nicely organised and content rich course; helps to know a lot about child nutrition.
A simple and informative course. Great for those just starting out in the kitchen.
very good intro.slightly basic but looking forward to learning more about this.
Excellent course, the only thing I would change is the meat dishes suggestions.
An informative, easy-to-understand introduction to child nutrition and cooking.
it was a great course, i like it so much and will be searching for new courses
nice content and videos, good examples. For people in the basic is real good.
Good course for feeding children. very nice instructions. thanks to teacher.
it was very educational and gave me great tips on how I should stay healthy.
Learned a lot especially other names for sugar found in processed foods...
I found this course very helpful because of its advice on nutrition foods
The course was very informative and practical pertaining to the cooking.
its  very interesting course .it give me great information about child .
UsefulEasy to understand and grasp the fundamentalsEssential for parents
Useful and helpful strategies and information about nutritional cooking.
It's very important course and contain important information for health
Good basic course, with useful and practical information for daily use.
Good Course, but I was not able to get a certificate for completing it.
Very useful and closely related to our daily life. Highly recommended!
Brilliant!  A must for anyone responsible for children's nourishment.
Quite useful ! Easy to understand and nice hits for child nutrition.
Food, which was cooked, was too easy and not really healthy for me.
Awesome course. Learn many thing from this.. Thank you very much..
practical approach and good nutrition looked easy and inexpensive.
Great course that teaches you the basic for a good child nutrition
I love the information you gave us. I wish you have more recipes.
I learned a lot from this, things I apply every day now! Thanks!
There are so many examples and easy to understand the contents.
a lot of usefull information for the dayli eating with children
very detailed and practical insights into modern day nutrition.
Great course with fabulous teacher. I still want to learn more!
Informative without being preachy. Cute, entertaining drawings.
This course is very helpful for young parents and caregivers.
The course was very informative. I enjoyed doing this course.
i like this course very much....and this is my 1st course....
Very good tips to help making the entire family eat better
You learn a lot about nutrition without being overwhelmed.
Thank you, Prof. Maya Adam, it was such a great course.
This course is v.nice& useful. I gain so much knowledge
The info is mostly applicable to those who live in US.
I don't think the food in course suit to every child.
I found this course informative really informative.
it was reall an amazing effort & ofcourse useful :)
my 1st course, easy to follow and kept my attention
A little too basic but it was a good class. Thanks!
Great tutor. Informative and enjoyable! Thank you!
Interesting content, great stuff for every parent.
Quite basic but some tips are useful to know.
I liked the course, however it was too basic.
Very clear and fun. I really like it. Thanks
Thank so much. It was a fascinating course.
Great format and which was easy to follow.
The recipes shared are simple to follow...
Excellent introduction to child nutrition.
clear and easy for me to learn the cooking
simple, very good and interesting classe!
I really like the set up of this program
It's a very helpful course ...Thank you.
very detailed course and intersesting
Good course, I learned a lot from it.
Interesting info. loved the videos :)
Well organized and relevant topics.
Good course learn about nutrition.
wonderful info. thank you so much!
Very useful to apply in daily life
A good mix of theory and practice!
very lovely and easy to understand
Easy to follow, and good contents
Found course innovating and fun
Nice, easy and healthy recipes!
is very useful and interesting
Good course. A little basic.
Very good for parents who do
good, but could be better.
It´s good but really basic
Very simple to understand.
Sounds interesting course.
Very helpful tips!!!
Great little course
Good for everyone
Good 101 course.
its Amazing..
Too naive.
Good One!!
This course is immensely informative, as well as fun! I loved the way Maya made things simple, with diagrams to accompany all of the the nutrition information. I hope she does more courses like these!
Very informative. The presentation style was easy to follow. Loved the art work. Quiz at the end of each segment was relevant to topics presented. Recipes are easy to follow and very child friendly.
very useful and practical course.. it boosts my positive energy to cook more and more in healthy way for my baby coz much love=much healthy.. It inspired me, it's very simple , easy and very healthy..
Child Nutrition and Cooking is good educational for those parents need to learn and more widen knowledge in the health of their kids. This content is the best that can recommend in all parents.
This course is very informative and helps you learn many facts and new things. Love this course
The lecturer has broken down the information so that it was interesting and easy to digest
This is a very friendly course. It is complete and easy to follow. I highly recommend it.
I enjoyed the class very much.  I've taken nutrition classes before.  This one is well done, and manages to be scientifically based and yet the material is presented in an approachable way.  The drawings are a great way to engage.  I convinced my daughter to take the course, and my grand-daughter is watching the videos, too.  She loves the drawings.  I also think the cooking style is great, teaching HOW to cook instead of being reliant on recipes, and keeping measurements approximate.   That's how my grandmother taught me.  Including gluten free and vegetarian recipes and nutritional content, as well as addressing food allergies, makes the course inclusive.  I like the contextualizing of nutrition information with suggestions on eating as a family, cooking and gardening with kids, and being mindful of environmental impacts of food production.  The last week's inclusion of the layers of support for healthy children was an added bonus, and important to think about when so much effort goes into keeping children healthy at home, yet so much of our politics and use of resources doesn't support health, safety and well-being.  Only 2 things didn't seem right.  One, rinsing fish. Didn't think that was necessary. Googling it, I see it's controversial!!   Definitely is contrary to all I've heard to say that wine retains alcoholic content after cooking! (Stew recipe) I've shared this class on Facebook a few times.  I get very frustrated hearing people say, 'how do you know who to listen to about nutrition,' and it doesn't seem to be commonly known that there is science behind it.  Also, that common sense and confidence go a long way in cooking.  I think it's a good class for adults who are only feeding themselves!   And finally, the kids are adorable.  I'm looking forward to the student-submitted recipes.  Thanks so much!
The nutritional content in this course was relevant, very informative and interesting. Professor Maya Adam was very resourceful, inspirational and enthusiastic throughout the course. However, as a chef who has worked in the culinary industry for many years and has graduated from a culinary institute, there were many cringe-worthy moments for me in a few of the cooking demonstration videos. For instance, aromatics such as garlic or ginger should be added to dishes towards the end of the cooking process to avoid burning. Another, knife skills and proper positioning of the non-cutting hand is very important!!! All in all, I really enjoyed the course work. This course gave a very fundamental education of child nutrition and I look forward to studying more on this topic. I appreciate Stanford University for offering this course to the general public during this pandemic. Thank you Professor Adam and Stanford University!
This course reinforced what I know about nutrition and provided a more fundamental basis for the mechanisms at play. With a balance of facts with practical tips, this course avoids a lot of the extremes seen in most discussions on nutrition. Biggest takeaways:* The food that spoils the quickest is the best for us because the nutrients that pests want are the nutrients that we want too. As much as possible, choose unprocessed foods.* While this course is agnostic in terms of vegetarian or carnivorous diets, it suggests that most Americans eat more meat than is healthy for them and the environment.* As much as possible, eat a rainbow. Variety is key to getting a complete variety of the nutrients we need.* Plate size matters a lot* The fresher and more local your produce, the better it is for you and the environment.* Drink water and a lot of it
Dr. Adams is a wonderful lecturer and developed a FANTASTIC course to introduce the general public to basic concepts of food and nutrition.  The only thing ai would perhaps consider adding (1) A few evidence-based references for those interested in the scientific basis of nutrition, and (2) a section or integration of more content on low-cost options. I imagine that many members of the international community, those working for or dependent on services like WIC and CHIP would greatly benefit from a course.  Finances are a HUGE barrier to eating well for most people. Shopping at places like Whole Foods is simply out of question.  If this course could be modified just a little, I think it would have an even broader appeal.  Otherwise - I say  "BRAVO". Thank You!
This is a very useful and wonderfully presented course on child nutrition. This course has given me a good introduction on the various aspects of child nutrition in an extremely engaging manner. The author is very passionate, knowledgeable and enthusiastic about child nutrition. I love her way of presenting many key points with the help of sketches. She has covered this topic in a very holistic manner, even covering topics like sustainable cooking, gardening. I really like all her recipes. They are simple, healthy and delicious. Thanks to this course, I have now become quite interested in the world of fruits and veg,God bless the author and her family for enhancing the health and happiness of many people.
A lot of this stuff is basic and common knowledge among my own social circle. The reason I kept watching is because of the teacher's exceptional diagrams that beautifully explain complex topics in a simple way. As a teacher trying to introduce my own students to sustainable living, the instructor's style has given me so many ideas on how to communicate these concepts to my own students.Thanks so much for your hard work! I will take your other class and hope to see others from you in the future, hopefully something about GMO's or food access in areas of strife and the long term effects on child development in those areas.
the best from the best!  soon I`m going to start my nutrition studies at my university, and before starting I searched for so long time a good course about introduction topics focus on health and nutrition, and magically I found these amazing courses from Stanford University. the way they develop the topics and they explain is understandable even for a little kid. I have learned too much these months watching the videos, so I feel a little more confident about what I want to study and what I want to be in the future.Thank you so much for this kind of courses and information, my regards Bren.
This course indicated to me how important and irreplaceable is healthy eating during children's growth and development. Also, cooking for your child is a beautiful way to spend time together, express love and stimulate your child to develop good habits. During this course I've learned how to easily make several healthy meals and how to deal with everyday problems and healthy eating. Also, I got familiar with some crucial facts like reading nutrition facts labels and the huge impact of processed food on our health and environment. Thank you very much!
A very informative course for parents in this modern world, where junk  and processed foods are consider healthier (a misconception). What to choose to feed to children, where to buy, and how to cook food for children, are all covered in this course. Presentation of course with preparation of food demonstration and blackboard discussion make the course very unique.
I am a trained chef, and I learned so much more about nutrition in general, even though the information is geared toward cooking healthful meals for children. So excited to share my new knowledge!
Very informative! Something everyone should know about nutrition when it comes to children and themselves.
Absolutely love it! Learn so much and so many important things that we forget to think about generally
I loved the teacher and how the course is made.
I love this course and the professor!!
Excellent course.  The material presented was not difficult to comprehend.  I highly recommend this to parents who are in a quandry every night when the question, "what's for dinner?" presents itself.  More than the content, I was most impressed by the manner in which the course was taught.  Instead of a "talking head" format, the instructor used a variety of techniques to present the material, including teaching the majority of the class from her kitchen, using an interactive "blackboard" to illustrate concepts while she spoke and lots of cooking demonstrations.   Kudos to Stanford for producing such high quality content.  I have started a lot of Coursera courses and this is the first one that I've been able to complete because the content kept me engaged.
A wonderful and life altering course, taught with families in mind! This course taught me so many wonderful concepts, opened up new ideas and helped me to understand that a rainbow of food without labels is what I should be feeding my family. I discovered a bit of the science behind food metabolism and how to make real, unprocessed food appeal to little taste buds!Maya Adams takes you on spectacular food journey through insightful illustrations, informative lectures and cooking demonstrations. I have taken away a plethora of knowledge and the realization that if children help to prepare the foods they eat, they will be more accepting of those healthy and wholesome meals.Thank you for this wonderfully  designed course!
I wanted to know more about nutrition for help myself and people in my surroundings have a healthier diet, and I was very pleased with the information offered by the course and it's general presentation. I have  gained better understanding of risks in consuming processed foods, role of fiber, safety scale of different fats, and effect of blood sugar spikes on the sensation of hunger.  I was surprised that no GMO is part of the organic marketing package, since it seems that many kinds of GMO are proving to be more innocent than the media would like to portray it. Again -- really amazing course! Great thanks to Maya, course staff and Coursera guys for providing us with this great opportunity to get healthier.
I really loved this course! The instructor was very good, her lectures were informative and easy to follow with stellar graphics. Her videos were fun to watch, and her cooking lessons were very simple; she showed dishes that I would actually cook for my family! Best of all I believe she did a great job stating all the facts and encouraging people to make smart food choices without being judgmental about it, which is no easy task! I am lucky that I am already doing a lot of the things the instructor suggests for my toddler but the best takeaway I got was to take my child to a farmers market. We went this weekend and it was so much fun! I plan to take her there as often as I can.
Ive been a chef for 7 years but never I've learned such basic knowledge that deeply impacted my approach to food and health as a whole( although I dont have job as of now because of this Pandemic) ,this opened up a lot of learning opportunities that i can Only get for free here in Corsera.org and Stanford University. I will forever be grateful for this well executed, super Informative and fun learning experience they provided that I will use for the rest of my life, I acknowledge the research and production behind this course and thank them for  lending us their knowledge and expertise from all the lecturers and the staff and crew .  DE COLORES from The Philippines
Very useful nutritional and food information structured with care, combined with common sense advice to apply in every household.The whole package is served with delicate ambient music, practical recipes and kitchen advices, and last but not least, with love towards children and family.One might find inside some controversial aspects as maybe too much frying, cooking in aluminium foil presumed to be bad, using sugar when cooking, but everyone is free to adapt the content to his own perceptions, fears and style. The main philosophy proposed, the moderation, is a keeper though.I just loved taking this course
This course was very educational. Maya was great at explaining healthy foods and ingredients that her own family uses at home. I was incorporating her suggestions while taking this course. I'm working to include less processed foods and more fresh fruits and veggies in my families diet. I even started to make fruit/veg smoothies for my 8 year old daughter instead of buying her the 100 % juice I bought in the store as a way to provide her with more vegetables in her diet as well as less processed food. Great course! I will be looking for more courses to take that include Maya and her wonderful children.
This is a very inspirational course, where you are always looking forward to learning something new in regards to child nutrition.Cooking demonstrations are excellent, very simple guidelines and easy to understand and try out for example i always thought preparing chicken nuggets was a nightmare....thank you so much for making it easy for one to learn and understand.One of the other key issues learned here is involving the children in some gardening, grocery purchases, meal preparation, which infact is a way of getting their minds set to eating well and healthy.Bravo!!
This is the best course I've ever did on Coursera (and the only one that I've successfully completed so far!). The instructor is very practical and to the point in her explanations. Each session was very engaging and i appreciate the time taken for her to create the live/animated graphics. This never felt like a boring regular classroom session, most of them were shot in her kitchen, which kept the learner engaged. The tips and the cooking sessions are awesome. I don't have a kid yet, but will surely come back to this course when i have one. Kudos :-)
It was a great course!  Nice setup, very detailed ad Dr. Maya is a great communicator!  However the reality is that we do not need to eat and animal product, that's what the research studies are showing especially this last decade the overwhelming evidence is that animal products, added oil, sugar and salt is bed for our health!... Dr. Maya did explain that especially processed junk food is not good for us...  Animal products are just not good for humans as well!  Also I'm not being able to get my Certificate, the internet app doesn't work!Thank you!
Everyone should learn about food and nutrition, not only for the kids, but yourself. This course is good for everyone, not only parents and kids. I wish the course would touch on how to deal with kids who already developed a picky food habit for parents to change the kid's food habit.However, I will still highly recommend this course to all of you. It is only 5 weeks, videos are short yet very informative and  knowledgeable. The most important thing is, all the nutrition tips and recipes can be easily practice and cook at home.Thank you.
Since I was a child I liked to help my mom and my grandmother to cook. They taught me to cook and I learned the traditions of the family.  My two younger children were picky eaters, and at the beginning it was very tough to prepare food for them. Now we enjoy together to prepare and eat different types of food. We love our traditional food, but we are always looking for new recipes. This course teaches me how to combine different types of ingredients to bring to our table, every day, more balanced and healthy food.
I have enrolled in many classes on coursera, but can not finished any of them. Because they all get boring at the end. Its my 1st course that I have finished. Because from first to last, this course remain interesting to me and got no chance to be bored. M. Adam is the best course instructor to me till now (I wish I could do her classes live) because she knows how to teach on MOOC. This course is no only interesting but also highy educative. This course should start give certificate of accomplishment. Thank You :)
I enjoyed this course very much. This has helped me understanding many basic things about food and what is important for my kids. There are many little helpful tips. As a working mother with 2 little kids, it's so much better to have seen these videos of "simple cooking", than watching cook shows in TV that make cooking so complicated (by learning nothing) and tiring. Thanks for this great course and your effort in improving the health of kids of the world! Best regards, Huiyan Roy, a Chinese German mother
The material was easy to use, great download options specially for the recipes (So I can watch them again while cooking in the kitchen)Questions were a little bit too easy sometimes but summed up the main subject of each weekIt was really nice and soothing to see a doctor telling parents that we have to follow some common sense principles, not a bible of nutrition and cooking for children by the letterAnd THANK YOU for the Nutella, I don't buy it anyway but it shows that it's not that bad...in moderation
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and would highly recommend it to anyone that wants to increase their knowledge about family nutrition and healthier eating habits. I was surprised to learn many new facts about areas that I hadn't previously considered that impact our families' health and well-being - e.g. The Community and State layers.  I love the combination of cooking, nutrition knowledge, environmental expertise / insight and practical, easy to follow tips throughout the course. Thank you!
It was an excellent experience with Stanford University to complete this course on Child Nutrition and Cooking. Thank you very much to the course coordinator mam and whole team of  Stanford University who are directly or indirectly connected with this course. I am very happy to be a online student of Stanford University thought this course.  I will be always ready to accept such type of opportunity in future with Stanford University. Thank you Very MuchDRASHTI HASMUKHBHAI BALDANIYA
Very informative. Provides lots of really useful information that you can then apply directly to your every day life. I've learned a lot about food and how to easily make better, healthier, choices for my family and I. The cooking demos are wonderful and I've made several of them which turned out delicious. The professor provides a lot of every day information that you can and will actually use and be able to apply to your life. Wonderful course and I highly recommend.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I've learned so much about child nutrition and have a number of simple healthy recipes that I've already started using (the vegetable stir fry and tomato pasta are favorites already). This is a course I would recommend to any mother or person responsible for feeding children. And I think the advice not only applies to feeding children, but to adults as well. My husband and I are eating healthier meals too as a result of this course.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! As a professional cook (I run the kitchen for a church in Boerne, TX) I love being able to learn more about my chosen profession from the comfort of my home and being able to share that information with those who work with me as well as put it into practice in the real world. Thank you for providing this opportunity to those of us who cannot attend classes in person and for the wonderful videos and recipes you have provided.
Education was beneficial to my everyday life. I help but revert back to the lessons taught when it comes to my diet, and the little ones that run around our house. Being a chef I was always looking for better ways to enhance the diet of adults, and taking care of a child's diet is just as pertinent to any dining experience. I would suggest this course to anyone, and though it may seem easy. The diagrams and lessons will stick with you through every meal.
I really enjoyed taking this course. It was informative and easy to understand with the most elaborate diagrams/flow charts which provided a clearer picture of each topic and helped connect everything together. There were some great recipes that were healthy and simple which I picked up and will definitely be using in my cooking. This course is great for anyone who wants to be more informed about the food choices we make for our children and ourselves.
The course is very interesting not just for parents, but also for educators and education investors who is willing to provide a proper nutrition system into the school、nursery or day care centers. The videos are very easy to follow, and the instruction is not difficult to follow. I do liked test provided after every unit after the study, it reviews the key point and also refresh my mind with the key terms. Thank you Professor Maya and your great kids.
I love this course ! It teaches you what can be in your child's food, drinks, what they should have on a regular basis and the kind of routine that you should set up for them so they can get used to eating healthy foods instead of fatty, greasy foods from fast food places. I would recommend anyone who is thinking about working with children in their career to take this course. It really will help you and your family with eating healthy every day.
Very good.  Nice choice of person to teach this course  Her knowledge and soothing voice and occasional cameos of her kids made this very easy to absorb, relate and want to learn more.  My next shopping trip to the store was 90% more healthier than before.  I made better decisions about what I want to feed my family....especially my 2 year old granddaughter that pretty much loves all veggies and fruit.  Great time to influence her eating habits.
This very well structured course takes you through the basics of nutrition and then applies them to your family's diet.  This course not only shows you what good nutrition is compared to the unhealthy elements, this course actually shows you how to cook great meals step by step.  I especially loved hearing all about the psychology of supermarket planning to accomplish sales.  Inform yourself and enjoy great food the healthy way . . . together!
I think this course should be required for anyone who wants a healthy family. The instructor is amazing, not only is she charismatic, but very knowledgeable and caring. The information in the course is presented in away that is easy to comprehend and apply in life. There's not much more I can say besides - I'm happy I took this course, I'm happy it's been offered to me and my family is a happier family with this information I've learned
I don't have any children, but I decided to do this course to gain basic knowledge of nutrition and how to sustain a healthy lifestyle for myself. This course was fantastic for me. The recipes that were given - I use on a weekly basis. The notes I took from the course - I look over often to refresh my memory. I highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn about a healthy lifestyle that then can be passed on to children.
Amazingly simple yet full of information! This course on nutrition, including organic/holistic options, gives practical, easy-to-use ideas on healthy and enjoyable eating options not only for children but also adults. Recipes given are easy to use or adapt, and tasty as well! I highly recommend this course for anyone who wishes to have a well-rounded understanding of real, traditional (organic, grandma's kind of cooking) nutrition.
The pace of the course :) and the speed of narration was very good. In deed it makes anyone understand what is being conveyed. The graphics and animated narrations are fantastic and they talk more effectively. The demonstrations are crisp, complete and very clear and the push towards organic farming is very timely. The course also conveys a very clear message towards the family bonding which is lacking now a days. Many thanks Maya.
It's informative, fun, and easy to learn as the courses are subdivided into small sections and you can take the course in a pace that fits your availability within the deadline. The drawings and videos and the helpful tips for preparing nutritious meals all contributed well to the fun learning. I will definitely recommend to everyone who wants to know more about how and why we should prepare nutritious meals for our loving kids.
Cooking was and still is my passion. And I cook for myself and my family and friends. This course helped me broaden my knowledge. There are a little bit of everything that involves cooking. Like psychology, economics, agriculture, nutrition and many more. Definitely recommend this for literally anyone and everyone. Many thanks to this course and to Maya Adam for the lovely explaination and presentation and everything. <3<3<3
This particular curse is an amazing reminder of what we all need from our childhood. My mum always cooked for me, and taught me to feed myself in the best way since I was 5 years old, after leaving home when I was 19 to live the adult life I let the easy fast food rule my life until I was a mother myself and had to go back to the healthy habits. So I adore this curse specially the way it's made! So real and simple. Love it!
This course helped me understand more about the science behind foods. A lot of the content I already knew but it was nice to have a refresher. A lot of the recipes were great ideas (I have already made most of them before being introduced to this course). The videos that involved making the meals were a bit "dumbed down" for people who are not used to cooking but I like the cheerful attitude of everybody who came on screen.
I really enjoyed taking this course. Maya passes along her knowledge in a way that is clear and easy to understand. This was actually my first ever Coursera class and because it was so enjoyable, I've already signed up for two more classes. I appreciate the effort put into the class and the variety of topics covered really opened my eyes to how much nutrition impacts our children's lives in so many ways. Highly recommend!!
Great Course,I have shared it with my friends that have younger children as well as others with grown children, the info is important to everyone.I appreciated the tips on buying local, proper shopping, and the difference between organic and healthy. Maya, the instructor, has a knack of making you feel like you are talking to a friend who happens to be a doctor who loves sharing info on healthy eating.Thank you So much.
This is surprisingly a very great presentation of a course. Even though I am an adult, I really want to make healthy dishes for myself, and Dr Maya Adam is a really great lecturer and a mom. I hope that Meditation course from University of Virginia learn from this course on how to present an interesting online course. Thank you again Coursera for making my knowledge broader, and possibly change my life in the future.
I signed up over a year ago. the first time around I got through the first week and life got in the way. The second time around I finished it but due to the app I had to take the quizes again. It was a great reminder. Overall the course is great in helping you change the way we approach cooking at home holistically not only for the kids. I enjoyed it tremendously and would sign up for another course by Dr. Adam
Very well explained and videos are easy to understand, however, I recommend this only to parents who are really not giving any thought to their child°s nutrition. Recipes are really basic, though professor is providing good hints on how to "sell" healthy food to our children. In the country, I come from, it is very common to cook for children and we do not have to face to such amount of processed food...yet..
This was a thoroughly enjoyable and engaging course that highlighted some pertinent aspects of child nutrition, which will in turn I believe help your child foster a positive relationship with the food they consume as youngsters into adulthood. Some highly practical cooking techniques were explored and as a new father I feel more confident in the food we buy, prepare and feed our son. A very valuable course.
Maya, thanks a lot for a wonderful course!! It was such a great pleasure to learn about nutrition, sustainable eating (these two were my favorite parts) gardening and healthy cooking in a very kind and friendly atmosphere that you've created! Lots of thanks for a very clear and engaging presentation of the material! I am very sad that the course is over but looking forward to attend other courses with you!
Although I am now a grandmother, I really enjoyed the course and was able to confirm my home's "good eating habits" and detect some bad ones, like sometimes eating with the televison on. I learned more about the environment and effects of eating processed foods or meats. I revel in seeing today's encouragement of having children particpate in healthy food : shopping, preparation and cooking.Thank You !!
It's
a great course. The teacher is very friendly. I can even feel her energy
through videos. I love the way she taught. She will draw a beautiful and clear
picture explain those important knowledge. It’s very helpful to understand
those difficult terms. And the children are lovely and cute. I am glad that I have
chosen this course, it’s useful and interesting. I highly recommend.
Hi, I am a new mother with a little baby girl. Because of love I joined this course I hope it can help me to provide one of the best thing for my child. Unsurprisingly, this course help me to understand more about nutrition for child and also adult. I learned how to choose most healthy ingredients to how to cook them perfectly without losing nutrition. I love this course so much!
Nutrition is such an important factor to living well and reaching total human optimization. Living with young and growing kids, I took advantage of this free course to find easy-to-do recipes as well as becoming more educated on the benefits of eating natural, organic whole foods. My favorite parts of the videos were the scientific explanation and the illustrations that followed.
I want to congratulate the organizers of the course. As a Biological and Health Sciences teacher, it is an extremely important tool that I will know how to transmit all the learning obtained to my students. As a mother and a family member in charge of preparing food, she has given me tools and tips that I consider of great value. Thank you Stanford for the opportunity to grow.
Offered as extra credit for my nutrition class, but i am learning so much! My son just turned one and i want to start him off eating right and make changes to my own diet. this course is giving me so many useful tips! Even though i am single mother and going to school i feel like i will be able to prepare my son great and healthy meals using what i have learned in this course!
This course offers a great foundation for learning to live a more healthy and sustainable lifestyle. The information is presented in a way that absorbs well between the videos and the visuals along with the lecture. This course has the capacity to change people's lives and it has definitely given me the information and confidence needed to be able to move forward with action.
Maya Adam is just amazing talking about Child Nutrition and Cooking. Her drawings are really wonderful, they are clear, colorful and enjoy the course as I've never seen it before. Her good mood and knowledges make you feel happier and interested in the course.Congratulation Mrs Adam, I hope you'll continue on this way and wish so much I'll enroll in other courses made by you.
Very user-friendly course, easy to follow, explains complex ideas in a simple way. The information is delivered in a few different ways, using diagrams, videos, conversations - which keeps things interesting. I would recommend it to anyone who would like to learn more about the basics of nutrition and healthy eating, not just to parents. And I promise you will not get bored
This was an amazing experience for me. The teaching method was an absolute pleasure for me as a leaner. Great graphics and short lessons worked perfectly for me. It was as if I just didn't want the course to finish. Well I guess what I am trying to say is, I not only learned so much, but I enjoyed the learning process. It was all smooth for me. Keep the strategy up! Many
I very much enjoyed this course and I learned so much! Very simple, easy to understand, but highly informative and valuable information. I would actually take this course a second time as a refresher because I liked it so much! Instructor was very clear, easy to understand, and pleasant to listen to. Her videos were also relaxed and fun which helped keep me interested.
Enjoyable and adequately paced. I personally felt that some of the knowledge shared here may be common, it is important to understand the details and explanations. The only scope for change in the course is that you can provide vegetarian/vegan subsititutes for the non-vegetarian ingredients. Otherwise, loved the instructor! I'd definitely recommend this to others!
I love the way Maya explains the topics in the videos, making it all easy to understand, and at the same time, getting to some technical aspects that increase our comprehension. And it looks so easy to cook in a short time! This stimulates me to get a healthier lifestyle and take better care of my 2-year-old boy. I love the ideas from the cooking demonstrations.
This course has been a great and important experience for me, not only for personal and professional purposes, like housewife and human being has been wonderful, I've been able to see what important is the daily nutrition and to help others to learn about this discipline, specially for the smallest in our homes. Thank you very much for its support and teachings
Thank you so much for such a great course Mrs.Adam! Being a mom of a little child is much easier now, at least at the kitchen! Now I can say that quality of the foods I buy will be higher and the quantity of the red meat we eat will be managed.    Wish you success in your future project and health and happiness to your family!Best regards,N.U. Kurchakova
I LOVED THIS COURSE!!! Professor Adam was clear, concise, and to the point. This made the course super easy to understand and follow! It's courses like this one that are informative as well as entertaining that help me want to continue my education in nutrition. Thank you so much Maya Adam and Stanford University for making this course so gratifying!!
I love this course very very much... i think the lecturer, Maya Adam has done a very good job for making this subject interesting,... I also like the way she explains stuff... she makes it so easy understandable! I hope she will have more course to come.. will defintely enroll again! Please notify me if she has any new upcoming course!! Well done! =)
If you're a parent or early childhood educator this a great course to understand children's health and even a great way to learn how to cook basics that are healthy. The course also helps us understand what our environment needs through knowing the nutrition and healthy options of not just children but to even us adults. Highly recommend this class!
I was so thankful to do this course a second time for my certificate because it refreshed my memory on the healthy pantry options and since I originally did it  I had eliminated processed meats and cans from my grocery list but the refresher helped me to learn ways to create recipes, discover their nutrition facts and present it as for a recipe book
I'm taking this course just out of curiosity and I'm loving it!There's a lot of information about food, how to understand what you're getting from the markets, how to be healthy in a world full of processed meals... it's pretty interesting! I'm also enjoying all 'cooking demonstrations' videos.Thanks for all the material and knowledge!Cheers, Thais
I love cooking and I firmly believe in having a balanced and healthy meal. Through the course of 5 weeks, I have learnt immensely and so much. It has helped me broaden my perspective and know a lot about the food I eat and also tips about preparing meals. I thank Maya Adams for making this class so enlightening, interesting and easy to understand.
I really enjoyed this course! My children are grown up now but I still love to cook for them. I see that i followed many of these practices in healthy family eating as they were handed down from my mother. But I have learnt some facts & ideas that will help me in my profession of caring for paediatric clients in their own homes. Thank you so much!
This is a course everyone should take! There are many helpful tips for adults, as well as cooking demonstrations. High quality videos, helpful tips and multiple learning approaches (video, audio, diagrams, animation). The Professor breaks down a lot of ideas simple enough to be understood and gives her own opinion/experiences as examples.
It is the first time I can hear directly about the importance of 'child nutrition' in every day life setting. I do thank for this introduction, thanks to the Stanford University for this interesting online course. I do hope that there will be more friends of mine in Indonesia that also should pay attention to this great source of learning
I like how everything was clearly explained; besides, I think the teacher focuses on things (such as having a own garden or cooking one's chicken breast) which are really useful because they are affordable and they are easy to get used to. She doesn't talk about radical targets which are difficult to follow but quite common sense ones.
Hi. I'm a regular student of Coursera. I have successfully completed this course. It was immensely helpful to my knowledge. Would request you to mail me the certificate. Because of  lockdown of civic have no source of income so cannot pay full amount. Can you kindly grant me a discount on the certificate. Will be obliged. Thank you.
This course helped me to solve some questions i had about nutrition. It also helped me with lots of techniques to include vegetables and healthy food at home. My 9 years old boy tested a cucumber yesterday with salad dressing! i couldn't believe that was possible. It's easy to follow and encouraging. Thank you.MG. from Venezuela.
So informative, cute, and easy to follow! For scholars and parents, this course is so varied and helpful for anyone along any step to gaining the knowledge necessary to contribute to the fight against Big Food companies. The knowledge against these corporations is so ahead that it is almost like watching Food Inc. or Cowspiracy.
Loved the course.  Very professional, instructor was very warm and explained complex topics simply.  Very nice combination of videos, demos, and lecture.  My only comment is that the quizzes do not align perfectly with the lesson. There are numerous examples of being quizzed on something that isn't taught until the next lesson.
My first course on Coursera and I am so glad I've taken it here. Great instructor, very clear instructions and lots of new information+ of course, my favorite, new recipes and cooking videos. I have already learned so much and even my husband noticed that I started cooking healthier.  I definitely recommend taking this course!
I really enjoyed the class. As an adult (who feels like a kid at times), learning about these practices of thinking about nutrition and the environment are wonderful in helping not just children but also parents to improve their intake of healthier food choices that will lead to more enjoyable meals that are also super simple.
Really enjoyed this course so much. I can apply the information and knowledge learnt to my young kids and its also motivated me to cook more at home. Love the simple recipes as well. They all seem easy and tasty and fun to prepare too! Highly recommend this course if you have young kids and dont know what / how to feed them!
Great course. Easy to understand if you do not have any background in nutrition. However, mostly basics if you do. I especially enjoyed the emphasis on local and organic as well as the cooking demonstrations at the end of each week. I learned some great things about local and organic food and came away with some new recipes!
This is a great course.  I take it every chance I get.  This will be my third time completing it and every time I do, I not only refresh my current knowledge, but I learn something new, or relearn something that I had forgotten.  I very highly recommend this choice.  It has helped me make more positive and healthier choices
We don't have children, but I really enjoyed taking this online course on child nutrition and cooking offered by Stanford. Dr. Maya Adam did a very good job with the lecture videos, course content, etc. I just signed up for the Introduction to Food and Health course presented on-demand. You should join me on the journey.
I learned a lot, and got some great recipes! Unfortunately, my kid is very picky and won't eat some of the stuff she prepared, and I wish she had touched a little bit more on what to do with extremely picky kids. But I thoroughly enjoyed the course and the cooking videos! The quizzes very just the right amount of tough.
Soon I will be a mother; and both my husband and I have suffered from overweight, so we were both interested in learning more about how to keep our future daughter healthy and happy at the same time; This course has given me the necessary knowledge to begin to embark on a healthier nutritional path for me and my family.
I did several online courses about health and nutrition. I really like this course because it is easy to learn the content and the dishes are delicious and easy to make. It is a bit US centric, but that is not really a problem as the issues are in my opinion becoming more global (if they are not already; e.g. obesity).
I loved the course!I loved the way that the different issues are explained, I like the graphics, the videos, the quizzes - everything! I just tried for the Passover the almond cake recepie and it was fantastic!I really recommend this course not only for child nutrition but also for 'picky' and stubborn adults.Thanks!!
This course is wonderful and very informative for complete beginners with nutrition and cooking. The teacher is knowledgeable of her subject and creates clear content that lends to a good learning experience. I would recommend this course to anyone who is not familiar with nutrition and who has no experience cooking.
A very professional job has been done by the team very smooth technique and a very beautiful and interesting information I encourage parents and Dietitan to participate in learning this course because it's more than nutrition and cooking Big thank to the teacher first and to the all team of Stanford uni and Courcers
I really learned a lot. My baby is still 4 months old and I'm practicing to eat and cook healthily. I started reading labels and researching healthy alternatives of food. The way the information was presented was simple yet elegant. I'm hoping this course will have more lessons. I really enjoyed the current lessons.
This course taught me so much about how to provide healthy and nutritional foods for my family. it was easy to understand and follow along. I even had my young daughter watch parts of the course with me to get her involved. I also tried the recipes as well. Thank you for educating me on child nutrition and cooking!
My favourite course in Coursera! I was really surprised by this course. It’s a pleasant learning opportunity for people who want the best for their kids and it helps to promote healthy eating habits in their homes. Maya is an excellent teacher and all the staff made an wonderful job. Thank you for the opportunity!
I enjoyed the mix of videos, demos and visually-oriented lectures.  I learn best when I can see little drawings with main points, so that style of illustration was perfect for me.  I appreciated the human touch as well, being able to see the instructor at home in her own kitchen, with her own children.  Thank you!
Most of the lessons I found awesome! I personally believe that we should advice the consumption of grains, dairy and other allergens with some grain of salt, but in general I agree! great resource! I would love to see more things on child education and watch more children cooking and their opinions to the matter.
Love the way everything was made easy to understand. I also tried the sauce and pasta recipe and my kid -3years loved it. Thank you for initiating this course. thank you for your patience. Loved the way you drew diagrams. Your tactic of making your children involve in making food is super. I am trying that out!!!
This class was very helpful in better understanding the nutritionnal values off various foods and how to best prepare them. It covers a wide variety of food related issues, such as the agro-industry, food safety, antibiotics, pesticides... and helps in atking informed decisions when preparing nutritious meals.
Great and easy explained with video's and drawings. Loved the cooking demo's for some fresh and homemade meals. Also great for families with no children since there are basic food facts everyone should know about. Quizzes are fun and informative and the time needed to follow up was enough even with deadlines.
I found it brilliant! Via this course people can understand in a simple way the difficult terminology of the nutrition and the part with the recipes was very helpful and cheerful especially for people who want to begin cooking simple, tasty and healthy food. Thank you for providing me such a wonderful course!
This was a great course with a lot of good information. I continue to use a lot of the suggestions that she gives in this course for my own benefit, as well as share with others. If you need some information about nutrition when it comes to children, this course will give you a great foundation to stand on!
Both my wife and I are pleased to have come across a great course on Child Nutrition and Cooking. We happen to be aware as a family, but a reminder or new lesson is useful in the quest for a healthy family.  Dr. Maya Adam is an excellent professor, one we trust immediately and can follow along.  Thank you.
This is a great course that should be taken by every parent and everyone working with children. Maya is so graceful when she teaches. I love all the recipes and I have done most of then at home for my 9 year old son, he loved them. Now when I go into a shop I start from the fruits and vegetables side.
Excellent course! I loved taking this course. Eventhough I did not learn much new, I got assurance via this course, that what and how I cook for my 2 year old is healthy and the right way. ;) While seeing some of the videos, I found it funny that I actually cook basically exact same way as Mrs Adams.
While I already had a background on this topic, I picked up some good details from this course. The presentations were concise and well done. I loved the cooking demonstrations! This course has reminded me how much I enjoy cooking for my kids and that nutrition is also aligned with my career goals.
Excellently done. Easy to follow and well organized. I learned a lot! It was a pleasure to see the professor so excited and passionate about the subject and about her family.I love the plurality of the subtitles. Surprised and pleased by the quality of them (korean is the only one I can vouch for).
Incredibly informative, definitely appropriate for beginners, but also useful for advanced readers in the field of nutrition, cooking or healthy living in general. The explanations are beyond great, even for people whose native language isn't English. In general, very very interesting and helpful.
Its a wonderfully compiled course which teaches us how to encourage and inculcate good and healthy eating habits in children and also gives an insight into what is food and how can food be made more healthy and palatable. Some easy recipes have been taught which will surely interest the children.
This course has really good information. Very simple and straightforward and I am happy to say that I am using lots of the tips and ideas with my boys. I did find that some of the tips given were a bit unrealistic however it still makes you want to make better choices about food and your family.
This course definitely changed the way I feed my children.  It requires more trips to the store, but knowing I am putting healthy, sustainable choices in front of them makes it feel like less of a burden.  The way the material was presented was very understandable and made you want to continue.
Thanks a lot Maya, I am cooking your recipes and my famly love them. I adjust them to ingredients in my country, I from Peru. The knowledge is great to complement my work. I am a doctor, i got a certified speciality from ACSM, so the course is important for my family and my patients. Greetings.
Good evening, I'm from Mexico and I am a teacher in a School of Nutrition, however, I am Biochemical Engineer, the truth is that this course is very interesting and easy to understand, besides extending the criteria and me about this science. I appreciate the matching available online. Regards.
Thanks to this course I buy healthful foods and cut my grocery bill by almost 40%. Tomato sauce and crepes are staples in our family now. I got really inspired to pack not only my children's lunches, but also my and my husband's brown bags. Thank you Maya and your team for improving our lives!
This course was has opened my eyes to a whole lot of things about healthy diets for my children. Thanks for the wonderful demonstrations. Though some of the ingredients used are not readily available in my country, Nigeria, I understood all they meant to contribute to the whole meal prepared.
This course provides an in depth look at not only nutrition but also sheds a lot of light on how the foods we consume are produced and the environmental impact our eating habits contribute to. I especially liked the cooking demonstrations because it proved how simple home made meals can be.
All human beings deserve to know about what they eat, its unfortunate that some do not even questioning the food offers we have because everyone else does it. I was one of them too. My sincere gratitude for offering this course free of charge and making it so fun, easy to follow and useful.
Such a great stepping stone to cooking simple and delicious foods. I have been encouraging clean eating gradually with my daughter and she absolutely picks vegetables now that they are presented differently. I would love to see more recipes from Maya to incorporate in our everyday menus.
Dr. Maya has done a fantastic job of creating this easy-to-follow course which covers a wide range of fundamental knowledge everyone should know! I work with kids and whilst education is merely one side of it, ensuring they receive good nutrition is equally important. Thank you Dr. Maya!
I loved almost every episode of this course. They are very different: some are practical, some are very informative and all of them are easy to get. The course is simple and i would say basic especially for those who have decided to change food behavior, but does not know where to start.
This course is a great one which everyone should have a knowledge of especially parents and people giving care to children. All in all, everyone should want to partake in this course before we all eat should and anything worth doing at all is worth doing well. So eat well, stay healthy!
This is an excellent course for parents! You can learn many simply tips that will have a profound impact on the way you cook for your family. Cooking healthy food doesn't need to be more expensive or more complicated that not so healthy options. Very recommendable! Maya is a great host.
Maya is a very inspirational speaker and gives very clear and valuable information. The whole course is a perfect base to start your own way into the world on nutrition science and conscious eating and consumption. I'm looking forward to starting Introduction into Nutrition with Maya.
It is very helpful to get reliable information from authentic source. As there is so much misleading information shared by food companies. The best thing about this course is to practically demonstrate ( with recipes ) how healthy cooking is absolutely possible in the busy life style.
Great Course!! Very well explained, easy to understand and overall very useful information. I have learn a TON with this course and definitely i would recommend it to anyone concerned about their children nutrition. It would be great to see a Child Nutrition and Cooking 2!Great work.
So well-explained and easy to understand. Its obvious the teacher tries to live in a way that matches her beliefs and values so it feels very real and down-to-earth. She makes you feel empowered to make small, yet significant changes in the way you cook, buy and eat food. Loved it!
Loved the course! Highly recommend it to all new parents! Just like new parents are recommended to take child birth lessons, I think courses like these about child nutrition should also be recommended by doctors so there is widespread education on how to prevent childhood obesity.
I found this class to be doable with a 2-month-old infant.  I enjoyed the reading.  My older kids, ages 7 and 11 enjoyed the videos with me.  The class helped our family have many great conversations about what we see at the grocery store and why we cook at home as much as we can.
This was a very inspiring and motivating course. I changed the way of eating now and enjoy more fresh foods and vegetables. I also go to a food market once a week and take my child with me who enjoys a lot. Thank you very much for installing this course and sharing your knowledge.
My favorite parts from my course are when Mum Adams talks with us from her kitchen. It makes me feel like we are the kitchen together talking mom to mom. She is imparting helpful tips and tricks to be a good mom. The student was not as good at imparting that feeling of closeness.
This is a course that shows, in a practical and funny way, fundamental nutrition concepts. I recommend to take it even if you do not have children, but you are interested into understand how our bodies processes food and how eating healthy could be easier than you ever imagined.
Excelent course, highly recomended for all parents that seek the best orientation on their childs nutrition. Is very simple and clear, but also the information is very complet, the videos quality is very good as also the content.  Greetings from Monclova, Coahuila, in Mexico.
Maya is an inspiring teacher and mother. I also consider her an artist for the wonderful animations that accompany the course. Thank you for inviting me into your home and kitchen, and reinforcing my choices as a mother and a consumer. It was a fun and interesting experience!
I really enjoyed the passe and the visual stimulation. I appreciate that Dr. Maya Adam made the lecture personal by sharing her experiences and including her family in the videos. Thank you and I look forward to completing more courses especially if Dr. Adam is the presenter.
The course has completely changed my approach in cooking food for my kids and family. Kids are much more satisfied after each food and they don't reach out for junk food. Thanks for giving valuable information about food and this is going to stay with me for rest of my life.
This course gives you practical knowledge with regards to nutrition and cooking, its hard to tell if you fully completed the course and if its only completed after you've had 3 peer reviews done on your final project. There is no definite statement saying course completed.
Very  very interesting, and practical in home cooking for working mothers, , give important tips of nutrition about mixing food o all types,  speaking of technical issues, video is very good quality, the teacher is clear, and production is very attractive and well created.
Basico pero muy interesante el curso.  Maya Adams transmite este afecto enseñando, y el compartir con sus hijos ha sido muy especial. Basic but very interesting the course. Maya Adams conveys this affection by teaching, and sharing with her children has been very special.
Awesome and easy to follow for parents and people interested in food and nutrition. I recommend this course to people who are not even parents but just struggling with weight or nutrition issues as it´s well made, easy to follow and not too time consuming or deep. Thanks.
One of the best certificate programs I have invested my money into. The video tutorials helped me learn best. The lecture materials is easy to follow with the written notes on the screen. I would recommend this course for anyone interested in child nutrition and cooking!
This course is not only good and complete but necessary for all humans to watch, listen, learn and practice it in their day a day life. Kid's health is in our hands, and this course contains all the information we need to do the right thing with them. Thanks a lot!
I loved the simple videos to watch and the simple language so it made it super easy to follow and understand, the recipes are also a great way to apply what we learned and I love all the good ideas to do with the kids! Thanks so much, I really enjoyed the course!!
Very very helpful and useful course, i have tried almost all the recipes and we lovvvve it so much. I knew things i have never think about it. I recommend this course for every one who want to learn about what he eat and for the benefit of his children and family.
I fulfilled the first 4 weeks, I still have one ahead, but I feel like putting a comment now! I found the course very interesting and highly motivating! I will try to practice more as a mother and I will also try to advise better as a Nutritionist. Thank you Maya
This was a great learning opportunity! It really helped me be more aware of what my child is eating. Easy to understand and great recipes. Although I think that more animal proteins would be appropriate for a child, I would totally recommend this course! Thanks!
I found the course very helpful, easy to follow and pleasant to learn. I would definitely like to expand my knowledge in child nutrition and child development by taking more courses, and think that this course was an excellent start to my new learning adventure.
I passed this course 3 or 4 years ago. After completing the course I feel significant changes in my diet, grocery shopping , my kids food and their healthy snacks. This course gave me a good opportunity to restart cooking and shopping much more healthier. Thanks
It was a really great course. Got to learn a lot about the nutritional content in the food and how it affects your health as well as a child's health. This course will not only help me professionally but also personally in choosing a healthy diet alternative.
Incredible and easy to understand content. I would recommend this highly recommend this course to parents/caregivers. Most content could apply to adults without children as well. It gave me to confidence and courage to provide well balanced and mindful meals.
I have now taken both "Food and Nutrition" and "Child Nutrition and Cooking" and simply can't get enough. I truly hope that she comes out with another one. I also LOVE the accompanied cooking videos. By far one of my favorite Coursera courses that I've taken.
Thank you for this excellent class. I knew all the intellectual aspects of it already, but the cooking demonstrations changed my life. I now feel like I know how to cook for my child, pack her lunches, shop for food together, grow a home garden and much more.
Lovely structure of the class combined with illustration, interview and cooking is the best part of this class.The contents are very helpful as well!I really recommend this class whoever wants to know about nutrition and change your diet habit to healthy way.
I really enjoyed this course a lot. Teaching how to read labels,shop,think while buying food yourself and your kid. Very clear English to understand for those whose not native speaker in English. Also so many easy recipes to try. Really loved it! Thank you.
I really enjoyed this course, and I have renewed inspiration to get my daughter to eat a wider variety of foods.  Many of the statistics presented were also really eye opening and give you a better understanding of the issues we face today with nutrition.
Exceptional instructor! Very thorough educational content. I'm a grandmother providing full-time child care for my daughter and so many of the things I learned in this course, I wish I had known when my children were younger. Thank you so much, Dr. Adam!
i learned a lot in this course and very much helped me in feeding my kids. I am not an expert in the kitchen but this made me want to feed my kids healthier foods and also inspired me to teach them the importance of eating healthy foods at a young age.
This course was easy to follow with short, simple but educational videos. It was easy to go through them and  learned many new concepts. I loved that fact that it included recipes! I learned a lot and as a new mom would recommend it to parents. Thanks!
All the essential information that anyone needs to care for a child's nutrition is in this course.The teacher will approach you to the contents in an entertaining and precise way, A way to learn how to eat green, healthy and smart.Thank you very much.
I adore this course! My children are not so little anymore, but I still find it beneficial and fun.  My son loves watching for new recipes and then cooking them.  I try to watch at least one video a day and I will be sad when I am all done.  Love it.
El mejor curso para entender la importancia de la buena nutrición en niños y como alimentarse en casa siempre sera la mejor opción.The best course to understand How important Child Nutrition is and How cooking at home will always be the best option.
As a mother of a 5 years old kid,i found it so useful for my cooking.The course is easy to understand and conduct.The knowledge is very practical and the food introduced here are very healthy.Especially the freedom of the time.Thank you sooooo much!
It's a really good course about the child nutrition and cooking as well as adults nutrition. I enjoyed very much on your cooking videos and cooking techniques. They are absolutely useful for me. Thank you very much for giving this knowledge to me.
Video production was very good, and good balance of video and "blackboard". Also, a good balance of practical stuff (like how to cook healthy stuff) and theory (what is a mono-saccharide, and how do they combine to form di-saccarides). Well done!
The instructor was able to break down complex concepts into simple and elementary blocks of information through creative illustration, cooking demo videos, and discussions. This is by far the most enjoyable nutrition course I have taken to date.
Excellent way to learn how to feed your child in a healthy way, and the reasons behind it. However, if you are somewhat educated/knowledgeable on the subjects of nutrition, cooking and sustainable eating, then you should probably give it a miss.
This was a great course to participate in. I have recently been employed as a  Food & Nutrition Program Assistant for EFNEP. There was a lot of great information that I learned, such as recipe demonstrations and ways to help kids eat healthier.
I enjoyed taking this course. Ive already incorporated a lot of the recipes discussed in the course with my 18 month old with a good success rate. As someone who grew up with unhealthy eating habits I appreciate how approachable this class was.
This course is great for anyone looking to improve their health, but spectacular for anyone who needs a relatively quick lesson on nutrition for children - parents, grandparents, childcare providers, cooks. Seriously a great course for anyone!
It is an excellent and easy way to have knowledge about food and nutrition to apply at home with your kids. I am grateful to Maya, she expresses herself very well and she shows she is an expert and a good mother.I super recommend the course.
This course is well thought out an very educational to any who attempt to give it a try. I applaud Maya, the course professor on her undeniably fantastic information and the way she teaches is easy to understand and even fun! Thank you Maya!
I'm not mother. I'm still a college student but, the course gave me a lot of tools to improve the quality and take care of the cooking at my home. I decided to take this course because of my dad, who has a heart disease. Thank you so much.
I have no regrets at all in starting and ending this course! It is indeed a great motivation especially for me because I'm a semi-vegetarian and at the same time fond of organic food. I'll be always grateful to this learning experience! :)
I really enjoyed this course and have suggested this course to my manager at my agency, Head Start, so she can suggest to the other cooks to take this course.  There are so many viewpoints that I agree with 100%!!  Thank you so very much!
This is a great course for anyone who is studying nutrition and wants to teach others how to make simple habits stick for families to eat better. It's also great for families to take to learn steps and background on healthy eating habits.
Maya is very good at summarizing information and describes it very clearly, particularly when she writes and draws in a blackboard. I also liked the recepies and the way she involves her kids in cooking and collecting things for cooking.
Definitely gave me and my the friends I've recommended to do this course, some well needed information. I must add that the recipes were easy simple and very much fun!! If there was a part two for this course, I would definitely sign up!
This course teachs me how to feed well and how to teach children to eat well and tecnics to them be more propense to eat all the foods and be healthy. I love how it can be simple and very interesting to do! Thanks for this free course!
Thank you very much for an amazingly informative and very warm and heartfelt course! In every word there is love and care for children. I especially liked to watch the cooking demonstration after the theoretical block. Thank you again!
Really informative, if every parent had taken this course before having children the world would be healthier. Also a great class for adult nutrition as well! Thanks for including recipes, I would love some more cooking demonstrations!
The content is
good. I would have liked more accurate or detailed information regarding
product labels and also about allergies. The course covers the topics in a very
general way, however, it is very useful and important information.
I really liked this course. And as I'm a woman couch, babywearing and breastfeeding consultant and a mother of three sons I'd like to prepare similar lecture and to present it in a our club for pregnant women "Expectating a Miracle".
Love this course. I love cooking, but never realized all of the meals one can make with such minimal ingredients. I love to see that I can make quick home made meals for my kids and not feed them so much processed garbage. Thank You!
I have learnt a lot of things about nutrition which is healthier and good for child as well as easy cooking. How i can keep a balanced diet in every meal time with special techniques. Its really helpful and pleasure as foodie lover.
The videos are short, very visual, and straight to the point. I loved the instructor's positive attitude and the way she presented information. I recommend taking this class for every mommy who wishes her child to be in good health!
Interesting class with great practical tips.  The instructor encourages eating only the highest quality food, but is also realistic about what her audience will be able to obtain.  The recipes make healthy cooking less intimidating.
the course is so great. I learned a much about nutrious diet which i have to feed to my littel sister. As a pedietrician these information i will teatch them to every mother in my clinic. Thanx alot . I appretiate your hard efforts.
Everyone can benefit from this course, from shopping even with children, growing a small garden, science of taste and proper cooking. The recipes show how easy it can be, without a formal list. I am interested now in learning more.
A long-time practitioner and a loving mother provides science-based learning about child nutrition. The content was very interactive and accessible. She not only conducts research in this area but also applies it to her daily life.
Loved the class, well explained and a lots of examples (recipes) giving us ideas on how to create our kids meals.  Very simple, and very delicious; I already copy (cooked it for my family) from the class.  It was amazing.  Thanks.
Love it. I am a nanny and I am always into cooking healthy for the kids and this course is helping me improving myself and giving me tips how to encourage the children to eat healthy which can be tricky sometimes. Thank you Maya.
This course was very helpful to me. I needed to see how cooking for my children can be basic and healthy. It has motivated me to think more simplistic when cooking for my children and has sparked my appetite for wholesome foods.
What i learnt from this course (in short) -Making healthy meals for my family, checking and thinkin twice before buying a product, gave me a motivation to search for more helthy recipes and more informtion about healthy eating.
I really liked this beneficial course because it provided me a lot of information about the food that my kids should eat. Moreover, I changed all the food habits that I used to do with my kids to better ones. Thank you so much.
Very helpful,easy to learn especially when you are lockdown in covid -19 pandemic making it useful is to do course online as we cant go out. The laguage was easy to understand , examples very well  given, very fruitful course
This is my first completion at the Coursera platform. Love the way - the course is designed.  Small videos with relatively simple quizzes, and to the point information and limited work amount. Dr.Maya really nailed it. Bravo!
Excelent! i enjoyed taking classes. Learned a lot and it motivated me to health cooking. Loved videos and summeries. I would surely remomend it!!I will miss the course. Loved listening and watch the cooking of the teacher :)
Hello

I recommend this course to all who are interested in learning more about the health of children and how to eat healthy.It doesn't matter if you can't understand everything in english because you can use the subtitles.
Child Nutrition and Cooking is an essential course that every parents should learn because most of the habits are built in childhood so building healthy eating habits to children this course is recommended to every parents.
Excellent course and very complete. It's a good start to understanding nutrition for yourself and your children. Wish there were more courses on this topic (I took the other nutrition course by the same professor as well).
This was a very refreshing and eye opening  course. Thank you to Dr Maya. I wish i studied this before raising my five children. I will use the knowledge  gained for my preschool students feeding in my school. Thank you .
Such a valuable class. It is extremely informative to learn about children's nutrition especially with being  fitness coach and an elementary teacher. This information will be with me till the end of the days! Thank you!
I've done this course twice (once for my personal information and work, and again to receive the certificate). I always learn something new the second time around; very informative on a home level and professional level.
Easy, simple and clear. Does not need extra learning time so you can do it even with a busy schedule. I think everybody should be aware and take in consideration eating aspects. Was totally happy with the course content.
I loved taking this course. The instructor was fun to watch and she seems really nice, I wish I could meet her and her darling children. I learned a lot and I am happy that I was able to take the course at my own pace.
i am learning too much from these course, even i am participated, in every time its replay, its helping us as parent, and also increase our nutritional value and habit outside in such ugly reality NON healthy  life,,,
I loved this class it was fun and understanding and plus I passed with high scores. I only wished I would've got my certificate like they said I would, but I didn't. I had a lot of fun now I'm a vegetarian. Thanks!!!!
This is an excellent course for both adult and child nutrition. There are so many practical skills taught as well, such as learning about how to best combine flavor and basic seasonings to keep stocked in your pantry.
Excellent course...really enjoyed learning about healthy eating alternatives for children and how to involve them in the process of cooking. The class got me motivated to practice these great habits with my family. :)
amazing way of explaining the content! I loved how the professor included the info using authentic videos ! I easily understood the content and I will try my best to apply what I've learned with my kids and family :)
This is very useful and handy course! I have learnt many new things and tips to prepare healthy cooks to my kids. Really loved content structure and Ms Maya's knowledge and easy going explanation. Thank you so much.
Very simple to follow and nice course. My only issue was, that Doc Maya's voice is so nice, and soothing that I often had to watch myself from falling asleep.  No offence meant, it is supposed to be a complement. :)
Excellent course, all topics quite interesting and important interesting. to put it into practice day by day with our children our family take care of our health and create a daily eating habit. delighted thank you
I love this course, it really helps with me being a mum who works full time to not get complacent with the fast foods that are readily available, and to go back to cooking properly and sitting down for a good meal.
Course is clearly and included lots of information. I am clincal dietetician so I can confirm that all of information are true. The teacher are prepared and watching her was my pleasure. I am recommend that course.
I'm thirteen years old and I took this course to learn more about the rapidly changing "food world".  I loved trying out the recipes that Maya showcased, and so did my family!  Thank you so much Maya and Coursera!
A really interesting course and very helpful when it comes to eating. Not only for children but for oneself too. There course gives you theory and recipes which is a good combination to emphasize the understanding
I found the experience on the course totally enjoyable. It gave me the opportunity to develop my passion for learning about preparing healthy meals and organizing my kitchen in a relaxed way without any pressures.
Such a great course that removes so many of the fears I had. This course helped me realize the importance of feeding kids nourishing meals. It's easy uncomplicated usually available and can be really inexpensive.
Interesting materials with accurately prepared videos and animation. Author is an interesting and positive presenter. Concepts and examples shown in course are useful and can be used daily to lead a healthy life.
Very interesting and great course. I like the part on the cooking demonstration which I learn a lot on how to cook some nice healthy dishes for my family. I tried the homecook pasta sauce and my girls love it.
This course is very benificial & knowledgeble for all mothers because due to this our children will have the best health with correct nutrients and vitamins. Thank you for providing this course to the society.
The course is appropriate for all ages. It helps me prepare not just food for children, but for others as well. It also provides detail scientific explanation of nutrition. The course is a very practical one.
It was great and exciting each and every videos: I admired and impressedMaya Adam has brilliant moves I gained a lot from her. and she makes me do more courses in Coursera. Thanks for this Golden Opportunity
I learned a great deal in this class, and especially liked the cooking videos! There are so many small, doable changes parents can make to help their children grow up with healthier eating habits. Thank you!
Really complet course with a lot of knowledge easy to undestand and very visual which it help to focus on the information, Im so glad I took it, no doubt to recomend to parents and people on the health area.
Fun course. I learned a lot about nutrition and got quite a few easy healthy recipes. This course actually inspired me to cook for my family.I'm hoping there's a second part that will come out in the future.
This course is excellent and simple to complete. The topics covered changed my mindset and they lifestyle I want ro have my children grow up in. The recipes shared are fantastic and very easy to accomplish.
This course is wonderful! Each video is not too long but full with information. You encourage me to choose a healthier lifestyle. Thank you so much. I will use these knowledge to improve my family's health.
Excellent course if you want to learn the building blocks of nutrition and gain awareness of what commercial products are made from, what your kids (and you!) are eating, and much more healthy alternatives.
It`s a very informative course as well as providing students with practical cooking demostrations. It is mainly focused on children but all the family benefits from healthy meals and habits,Highly recommend
I really enjoyed taking this course ans participating in the  assignments Dr. Maya is an awesome instructor and it was great for her to include her own children, the little one showed a love for new foods.
I just loved it, I know much and I'm doing much for my family of what is told here, but it will be so good to explain to your clients in simple words, to teach them how to live and eat healthy. Thank you.
I found this course to be very helpful.  It was informative and I learned new techniques to make meals more interesting.  I would recommend this course for anyone interested in eating a more healthy menu.
I really enjoyed this class. The teacher is very upbeat and interesting as well. Lots of good recipe instructional videos. She also breaks nutritional information down until its easily understood. Thanks!
Such a wonderful course, very informative. I love how friendly Maya is. Don't bouillon cubes have a high salt content though? Could've pointed that out in the video so that viewer takes it into account
I enjoyed
taking this course. I have learned several *new* things about buying, preparing
and cooking food. The videos are straight-forward and the content is presented in a
clear and concise way.
Dear Maya, Thank you so much for being so humble and cooperative throughout the course. Your course was extra ordinary helpful in daily routine and belongs to every person belonging to any field.
I really enjoyed this course, I learned so much about food and nutrition to implement in my house. One of the most useful courses I have taken, the videos make it very entertaining and educative.
I really learned a lot by how to make good choices when shopping for food and how to add in healthy alternatives to food I already eat. I've already noticed a change in eating and spending habits
Clearly state what we should do, why we should do that and provide simple solutions. No hard and confusing terminologies. Also, scenes like families eating at the dinner table is really touching.
Absolutely loved the course, its encouraged me to get out my comfort zone through experiment cooking, my family are loving the change and I love knowing the food going into their body is good 💕
Even though I do not currently have children, I felt this course gave a great overview of the basis of nutrition and how to incorporate fresh, whole foods into my own diet and my husband's diet.
I loved every single moment of it, especially the cooking demonstrations. i am not a mom yet but i hope to be soon, in the main time i would apply all i have learnt to my self. Thank you so much
This was a really good course.  The information was useful and down to earth and the Tutor was friendly with her presentation.  I recommend this course to lots of people, friends and colleagues.
I could learn more deeply and apply them in daily life. Every time I choose my diet, I remember contents of this lecture. Thank you for making such  a good lecture and I hope to apply it again.
Really easy to understand course! I loved it :) Also, the quizzes were great to review and learn about the information oresented before and the cooking demonstrations were amazing! Keep it up!
This class is great! I have enjoyed learning about foods and what are healthier choices. I also have enjoyed the recipes and how you get to watch them which makes them so much easier to make.
Great course! This course has helped me make better choices while in the grocery store. I have been to farmers markets before and do feel that they have better quality fruits and vegetables.
This course was very helpful in understanding the basics of nutrition and what we should be eating and feeding our children. It is easy to understand and makes learning fun and interesting.
Very useful and encourage me to cook healthy food and notice well the ingredients of home cooked food and also the processed food . It also support me because I have a G6PD patient baby boy
i learn so many things with simple explanation, the teacher is amazing , i was affraid that will be so difficult o boring but is great, so good that you forgett taht ypu are taking a class.
This a wonderful primer (or refresher) for anyone that wants to learn simple, effective, healthy strategies for eating.  I found it useful for all ages, not just for children.  Thanks Maya!
It is a great course that mix between medicine and cooking, my two favorite things! I liked the lecturer Dr Maya, she has a meaningful way of showing her course information in s simple way.
Very good course. The creator of this course makes it very engaging. I myself have a big passion for cooking and this course taught me how to use sugar in proportional amounts. Great Job!!
Thank you so much for making this course available for us to go through. It will help me with my job as a wellness coach and definitely help with nutrition for children and their families.
Hello.I found this course very useful, it has allowed me to know what types of things I should look for in food, diversify my family's eating habits and to have fun in the kitchen,Regards.
This course has a lot of valuable info. Things are making sense for me. Sometimes you hear that certain things are healthier and you don't understand why. The instructor does a great job a
I like so much this course, i am mom and i need about correct alimentation for my family, and i think this course let's focus in these, in a correct alimentation based on love and respect
I love how easily the teacher describes everything that has to be with nutrition, highly recommended for parents who want to learn about children's nutrition and for health professionals.
I had a fun time doing the course and it has been really helpful. I was able to make healthy life choices and apply these things to my daily lifestyle which felt really good and healthy!
This course was packed with useful tips and information that will definitely help me lead a better lifestyle for me and my family. It was easy and simple to follow yet I learned so much!
I love how in depth she goes with videos and language of proper us of nutritional terms. Great Intro class. I am happy I completed the course and these resources were available freely.
It is such a meaningful course which is very easy to follow and has a fantastic content. I did not know how to build a balanced meal until learning this course! Thank you Ms. Maya Adam
A wonderful course! As a father and a sports Nutritionist I am always thinking how to make my son eat better healthier. Thank You Team Standford for putting together this great course.
I loved this class! It taught me a lot and was easy for me to pick up where I left off with my busy schedule. I'm so excited to try these recipes and all that I learned with my family!
Interesting and informative. Contained a wealth of very useful knowledge about Brain Science, and it was delivered in a quiet, calm, and clear fashion. Simply excellent. Nicely done !!
I totally recommend this course, it's didactic, fun and very useful. Even though it's plan for 5 weeks, I get in whenever I can. It's really motivating to change your habits for good.
The course is simple and approachable by all. This course is practical, mixing simple science with statistics, rules of thumb, and cooking demonstrations that most anyone can follow.
I signed into the course as a part of my continuing education and found it so extraordinarily informative that I will be readjusting my own personal diet and the way I prepare food.
child nutrition and cooking is an exceedingly useful and interseting subject to learn. I personal reccomend this amazing couse to everyone. It is also easy to understand. I loved it
I have learned a lot in this course. Its not just only child cooking, i got to know a lot about the different types of foods and their nutritious value. Am glad I chose this course.
I loved the course !! I am really inclined to such topics naturally. In fact I did want to follow biology sciences during college, however, somehow, the circumstances didn't permit.
Absolutely amazing course. I really enjoyed it and it's so practical. I wish there were more of these courses around nutrition and cooking on coursera. Fantastic Instructor as well!
Great Class! Wish that the quizzes were more difficult -- they were very straight forward and common sense. The cooking videos inspired me to cook with more variety in my own meals.
This course was very helpful and useful. I am cooking everything that were taught and when planning the daily/weekly menu, always considering the "balanced meal". Thank you Maya :)
It was very informative. Your basic nutrition and cooking class, but I loved the video demonstrations of the different meals. It gave me some great ideas to try with my own family.
This is what I was looking for! I found it very thorough, easy to understand and very practical course. Very grateful to the coursera and Dr Maya Adam for this wonderful course! :)
Very interesting course. It has a lot of potential to develop interest among those who aren't really fascinated with cooking. Looking forward to many more courses by Dr.Maya Adams.
I thought I had finished all the quizzes, etc.. I must have left them unfinished, but this was a great course..Enjoyable, informative, well-delivered..!!So happy to get it!Thanks!
Very good course for starting a Nutrition career, so informative from the basics if you have had no previous knowledge of food components and how do they work in general. Thanks!
recommeded course!not only for a mother who already have a child, but for an individual person either.this course provide so many useful information for our daily life, I like it
I am currently a stay-at-home parent and this course really helps me to understand more about the food I am preparing for my little one. Looking forward to more of such courses!
Well explained on nutrient content & food preparation. dint felt like my first course in the online platform as the Instructor slang was nice & expressive,  Thanks a lot Mam...
Amazing course! So positive, informative and engage learning. I want to watch and to learn one by one videos/ course materials with Maya Adam. She is perfect Teacher! Thank you
It was a great opportunity to learn about child nutrition and cooking. The sessions were so interactive that I haven't really felt I was in treating. Thanks a lot to the team.
Great course. great lesson. great recipes. It is really basic and introductive but has very important lessons which let us start to think different about nutrition and cooking
Great efforts are taken to prepare the course . Nice presentation . Good content4.5 stars from me Dr vikram a rajadnyambbs , md in clinical pharmacology clinical nutritionist
lots of information but in a simple way to understand. i feel like i have learned a lot here and will be trying some of the recipes on my children. Lets hope they are a hit!!
I believe cooking is an expression of love. This course has helped me understand the many other benefits associated with cooking. Very interesting and informational. Thanks.
I like the way the prof taught who is very charming, and I get a basic knowledge of the nutrition and cooking which is useful to me. Many thanks to the prof and this course.
Maya did a great job explaining the basics of child nutrition. I really enjoyed the course, the flow of it was really good so it was pretty easy to pass the quizzes. Thanks!
This course has helped me a lot to understand why our children need to eat better, how this helps in their growth and also how this encourages good family values. Thank you!
I enjoyed this course tremendously. I knew most things already, but the things I didn't was very eye-opening. I appreciated the recipes, I jotted a few down for keepsakes.
Great course. Good pace, great visuals. It's an amazing first step to know the basics (without getting bored) and it really make you want to know more and more. Great job!
it's a very great course, if you want to learn some basic knowledge about nutrition and how to cook a balanced diet for your children, this is the best course you can get.
I learned so much from this course about nutrition. Thank you for the opportunity to study the effects of healthy eating, not only on our bodies, but for the environment.
it was amazing time as i enjoyed every moment of learning new skills and information ... it is more than useful and personally it taught me alot about having healthy diet
I loved the course. Maya is an excellent teacher and the syllabus is just perfect. It includes everything you need to give the family healthy, attractive and savory food.
I love the explanations, examples and themes. Made me conscious about what kind of food i'm giving to my family, and how creativity make them taste diferent kind of food.
Fantastically simple and informative. Been putting it into practice over the past few months with students in my classroom to get them more engaged in cooking and eating.
I learned a lot in this course. It encouraged me to embrace healthier eating choices, to go back to the kitchen and enjoy cooking home-cooked meals for me and my family.
This was an excellent course. It taught me about my own health and I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone who wants a no-nonsense, real-life class about nutrition.
I love this course. It really help me put my family's health into perspective. Months later I still review models and let others, especially moms, know about the course.
The course was very informational where I was able to understand the reasoning behind nutrition and as a result, became more conscientious of what to cook for my child.
This course meets my expectations! I learn so much and I can apply all that I have learned right away in the home cooking and development healthy habits with my family.
Informative and practical. I took this course because of my four year old picky eater. I got some helpful tips to help feed my child with heathy food with simple steps.
The best course on nutrition for kids! Everything a healthcare, a parent needs to know. I am a nutritionist studied in the UK. I wish we had such tutors there as well.
The course was great and intresting it was just not for my country's diet but was an eye openner to nutritional choices thought as the best because the whites feed so
A very useful course for a busy scheduled mom who's willing to create a healthy environment for the family. Very well explained and described steps by the Instructor!
Thank you! This course was simple enough to understand, but very serious! It made me reconsider some values! The recipes are great! We have tried some and liked them!
The best course I've taken in my entire life. Teaches you skills to make cooking a meal enjoyable and really teaches you about the goodness of foods that we put in ou
You did an outstanding job teaching this class.  In another class, sometime I would like to understand things like salt and potassium and their importance.  Good job!
This course was interesting and informative.  I loved the way the materials were presented, cooking demos and the instructor was very knowledgable and down to earth.
I absolutely loved this course! saved the receipts and start to enjoy even more the cooking for my child and husband! thank you for sharing your love for cooking :)
Nicely done. Only thing is its very 'American'. A lot of the recipes and tips are too elementary. Would have loved some more ideas on what to cook/ how to cook etc.
Very well organized. Very easy to follow. Very professional videos. I fell like cooking after watching the videos. It was a pleasured to do this course. Thank you.
really enjoyed the course and was very informative. I don't have children yet, but it was still good to learn about nutrition for my use and for future reference !
Excellent Course for me!!Thank you very much Maya! You help me a lot whith all the information, mainly because I've a baby and love to make helthier foods for him!
Love this course!! It was easy and it gave me a lot of tips on how to cook vegetables differently !! I actually tried some of the recipes and it came out so good!
I loved this course! It was amazing and she really teaches you the basics of cooking for children and suggests wonderful options for people with Celiac's disease!
really a good and knowledgable course but the fees for certificate is too high as it is a online course.looking forward for such these types of courses.thank you
The course is highly effective and informative. I have developed a keen interest to do a advanced course in this subject. Thank you for introducing such courses.
It is a very informative course, I have studied this course and have found very interesting information which is helpful for me in practical applications as well
Nice and easy while still super informative. The professor has good energy, and offered a lot of great recipe ideas. I can't wait to use them for my little ones!
I loved this course, and I love the teacher. I want to go to Standford and if I get in I promise that I take her class. She is super nice and I learnt a looooot.
Gives a good review of basic nutritional concepts. Easy to follow instructor's explanations and diagrams and quizzes match up well with the videos. Great course!
I did not expect everything I got out of this course.   It was awesome and very well taught.   I definitely will be looking for more courses similar to this one.
Amazing class, wonderful presentation and loads of information. it kept me cautious and full of hope that my family and I will be able to apply these take aways.
I don't even have a child; I'm in college, and the simple tips in this course helped me eat sooo much better this semester and even lose some of the freshman 15.
So much valuable information was given is this course.  Easy to follow and understand.  Videos and quizzes were great!  I enjoyed the class so much!  Thank You.
Great course!. I enjoyed every single video. All of them were helpful and interesting. Many thanks for coursera and thanks the lecturer for this amazing course.
great demonstrations of the cooking videos...A visual treat ...helps us in a taking care of the children more wisely for decisions about their food and diet..
Basic principles of nutrition explained in an easier to understand and remember manner. I definitely took a couple of recipes and key learning points with me!
I find this course very useful, even if you do not have kids, like me. I would like to study more courses of nutrition after having taken this one. Thank you!
This course is worth studying, I tried this even with out actual course Certificate for  the improvement in my practice in childcare. Yes its 5STARS from me.
Loved this course.  The video animations were so engaging that even my 4 year old son found them interesting and paid attention when I was taking the course.
Very good nutritional content. I think this course can be helpful for anyone looking for nutrition knowledge - not just nutrition for children, but EVERYONE!
I found it very accessible. I am a student in Nutrition and this course allowed me to understand other areas that my current course does not provide. Thanks!
Awesome course!!!I really enjoyed learning all information and knowledge provided in this course.It really help me to make changes in my children's healthy.
She is a very knowledgeable and talented instructor. I learned a lot in her class. I would like to sign up for more cooking projects with her in the future.
I enjoyed the nutritional information provided and the way it was presented.  I found the instructional recipe videos very easy to follow and fun to follow.
The course was very easy to understand and it covered delicate topics which really enlightened me. recipes shared were awesome, cant wait to try them all.
Really good course. It provides invaluable knowledge for a lifetime. I love the way it is structure. It is easy to understand and apply in everyday life.
This is a very informative and entertaining course. I finished ahead of schedule because the videos and lectures are easy to understand and fun to watch.
The tips and principles are quite useful even for a different cultural background. I recommended this course to a friend who just had her baby back then.
amazing course.I really enjoyed listening to all information. Every day I try to cook something from recipes given. My 2 year old son loves them!!!Thanks
It´s a really excelente course... The videos and the explanations are superb.. Thank you so much... It´s a pitty there is not even a small certificat...
I have loved this course. It is the perfect mix between nutrition, recipes and usefull tips for a better eating. I am so happy and I have learned a lot!
Information is very clear and understandable. Content can be related to easily as well and can be suited to anyone. Videos made the words come to life.
O CURSO É MUITO IMPORTANTE, POIS TE ABRE UM LEQUE DE OPÇÕES SAUDÁVEIS QUE PODEM SER EXPLORADAS COM AS CRIANÇAS E FICAR ALERTA SOBRE OS MODISMOS ATUAIS.
Dr. Maya Adam is a true role model and inspiration to anyone looking to build a better relationship with food! I highly recommend her and this course.
I love Maya! She's so knowledgable and comes off very approachable in this course. The information she provided is also invaluable. Thank you so much!
Thank you for this motivational course. It helped me to understand  how to prepare healthy, delicious and easily made home-cooked meals for my family.
This course was so informative and wonderful in every way.Loved learning the different aspects of Child nutrition and the benefits of a healthy meal.
This course very useful for parents, for pedagogies or everybody who interested about healthy life and healthy nutrition. Bonus: really good recipes.
I loved this seminar! it was very easy to comprehend and remember what I learned. My whole family has benefit from it Very easy to apply dairy meals!
I absolutely loved this course! I liked how I could do it at my own pace and work on my own. I highly recommend this course. Wonderful instructor! :)
I thoroughly enjoyed this course.  Much of the information I knew but it felt great to be reminded of the importance food has in our families lives.
I liked  video  classes. This is very  usefui, l want  to some  other  courses  , please  provide  financial  aid and provide  certificates.Thanks .
thanks very much for a very useful course! I am a mom-to-be, this course brings me a basic concept of food content and how to raise a healthy child.
Each lecture is really enjoyable with typical nutrition facts presented in an engaging and fun manner! Cooking looks so much more fun in the videos!
The course is very helpful not only for Child Nutrition, but Personal Nutrition as well. The course content was very interesting and easy to follow.
The lectures are presented in simple and easy to understand way. Also it has given me some ideas to try at home with my fussy eater kid, thank you.
Very informative and the cooking demonstrations are helpful as we learn the different ways we can incorporate vegetables into our children's diets.
I love how Professor Adams' lectures include loads of practical / real life tips for application, and always keeps the child's perspective in mind.
This course is really useful for me to cook for my family especially my children to help them to get used to many different kinds of healthy foods.
The course is truly good. I learnt so much from this and hopefully will be able to use these lessons for my baby's growth and development. Thanks!
I loved this course and I am waiting to enroll in any upcoming nutrition courses. She is the best instructor I ever experienced. Thank you so much
She is very easy to understand and listen to. I love that some recipe ideas were given and that I could go back into this at my own pace and time.
It's a very interesting course! I found out a lot of things that I didn't know and I started applying the tips Maye gave! This makes a difference!
Highly informative and useful information. I look forward to applying my knowledge in a meaningful way. Thank you to Coursera and Dr. Maya Adams!
Love the directness and accessibility of this course. Very helpful to establish an impactful approach to preparing food for our children. Thanks!
Is simple but scientific. I am really glad I have done this one because it is a plus on my life and on my career. thanks to maya and all the team
A nice course, with theoretical knowledge on nutrition and practical approachable recipes. Comprehensive, interesting, informational and "light".
I loved it.   Easy to understand  I liked that way of cooking practical , made for every day and to improve the health and nutrition of my family
It was my first course at Coursera. I listened to Your lectures with great interest, they're very informative and filled with warmth. Thank you!
practical recipes and tips, with a wise and expertise teacher! loved to see how she actually inserts nice meals and options for her little ones.
Fantastic cooking course!  Maya really gets to the heart of what's wrong with our current habits when it comes to food choices.  What a benefit!
Wonderful course! Easy, straightforward ideas to improve your life and some science mixed in to explain the "why" of it all. Very inspirational.
I am an Occupational therapist and this course will definitely help me in guiding and counseling the parents of my patients. Thankyou coursera.
I don't have children, but I enjoyed this course nevertheless! Learned a lot of new stuff about nutrition. And the teacher is just so charming!
All familes sholud have this vourse, as it increases the concious on the importance of home made food and the time spent together with the kids
Heipful class especially for a working mom. Besides the knowledge, the lecture also demonstrate how to make meal or sweet treats. Very helpful!
thank you for the wonderful classes that you give us. the classes are blessed for me and for my family and also for my students of the Church.
Amazing course! You don't need to be a chef, nutricionist or even have any kids to enjoy and learn valuable nutrition! I looooved this course!
I extremely enjoyed the couse. It changed my view of cooking! And I do appreciate the vivid illustrations and useful skills provided in the le
Its an amazing course to brush off your knowledge and also if you are a beginner. It starts from the basics to cover all the relevant topics.
Excellent course. IT helps you a lot to understand what its best for you and your family. How we need to be more conscious about what we eat.
This a very good course because it has that simple explaining needed  for people who wants to learn about child nutrition. Thanks a lot Maya.
Loved the way the lecture slides are depicted and the short cooking videos [ie. Dr Adam cooking - actually practicing what she preaches :-) ]
Helpful with information as I'm in the food service industry and it will help with how I can better serve the children on a day to day basis.
I leaned alot of new information I will share with my family and at the preschool I have worked in for 25 years.  Really enjoyed this course.
My favourite course so far. I am a preschool teacher and I will definitely apply knowledge I gained in this course in my work. Thanks a lot!
I enjoyed the lectures and the cooking demonstrations very much. I made a few of those recipes for my husband and he was floored! Thank you!
Just the right bit of information on the basics of Child Nutrition. A must course for students who are planing to design foods for children.
Gave me a better understanding about how food works and the different influences on human health. Really easy to understand content as well.
This course is very helpful not only for parents but also for people, who care for their health and want to live a healthy life. Thank you!
This course really helped me what is important for child to remain healthy moreover, the tips that lecturer Maya Adam gives is very helpful
I love to learn about to many things but I love to learn things to help my life be better. Thank  you to give me this opportunity to learn.
Thank you! It was a great course, learned new information and I found it very useful the fact that some recipes and tips where included. :)
I work as a bookkeeper in a daycare, and often help plan, cook, and serve meals to the kids. This information will be helpful in that role.
As a mother, this course gave a lot of ideas to understand, cook and feed nutritious food to my child and add value to other lives as well.
Very informative and educational. Got to learn a lot including things that didn't think of naturally. Also loved the easy cooking recipes.
This course has really been helpful for me and my family. I am soon to be a mother and it's great to know so many tips for a healthy diet.
This course is very easy to follow and yet useful. I can really apply the knowlege and techniques in my own diet habbits and stay healthy.
I like this course very much, it's easy to understand and to master some skills we might need in our life. Very impressive. Thanks a lot.
am doing diploma of Early Childhood Education and Care. This course has helped me lot about providing healthy and safe food for children!
this course was essential for my learning, and experience of my profession, a great course, with quality material and excellent teacher.
Wonderful information explained in detail to help us make better, more nutritious decisions when it comes to food in our everyday lives.
very interesting and easy information.but i was surpriced by some advice like to put sugar or so much salt, mayonese whren you cook....
Fresh and enjoyable learning experience to reinforce a better eating and home cooking living style. Thanks for the fresh course design.
Fantastic crash course and feeding your family. It educates and simplifies. I recommend it for everyone.... including college students!
Maya Adam, MD is a total inspiration.  The course was factual and engaging. information learned was easy and practical to use everyday.
I learned a lot about nutrition not only for me but for children. I work with children and it is nice to be able to give insight on nut
Very interesting and great course for beginner like me..well structured,well explained,very brief and to the point..i really loved it.
Amazing insight into the basic knowledge of Nutrition for children which isn't so basic when you do the Course! total eye opener :) :)
Nice And SimpleAlso the materiel is very interestingI would like to thank for this interesting journeyGod bless you & your nice family
Great course. Maya is a wonderful teacher and inspired me to make better food choices for me and my children. I love the recipes, too.
I love it, i learn a lot. Im now using the tips she gave to give my little baby the best food i can make. Thanks a lot for this course
I've learned a lot due to this course, and also I've loss 2 kg since I watched the video about sugar and its consequences. thank you.
Great general overview of nutrition and cooking for those who are just starting to work on balanced menus for home or group settings.
Wonderful course! As a first-time mum to a newborn, I appreciate Dr Maya's down-to-earth approach. Her bite-sized videos are perfect.
ME ENCANTO, ES MUY PRACTICO Y SE EXPLICA A LA PERFECCION EN LAS CLASES, ME GUSTARON LAS RECETAS Y LOS TIPS. MIL GRACIAS POR SU APOYO
An absolutely amazing learning opportunity for parents and students looking to enhance their skills as nutritionists and dietitians.
The course was amazing, i learn new things and it is perfect, i am going to try to continue with your courses thanks for everything
Excelent teacher!.The course is compiled in a very clear way....She is very talented and presents the course with a great charisma!
A good introduction to child nutrition.  I would recommend to anyone looking to learn about nutrition for children and the  family.
I am really glad I took this course. Helpful for cooking with my kids and my general interest in nutrition and cooking. Thank you!
The information is quite valuable. It makes you appreciate how cooking for children can lead them to choose a healthier lifestyle.
I really enjoyed this course, the lectures are easily understandable and the cooking demonstrations are very inspiring. Thank you.
Fantastic course! Fab for anyone wanting to know more about nutrition for children and how to prepare meals that meet their needs.
It's very interesting course. I love it. It motivates me to start cooking and eating more healthily for myself and for my family.
I recommend this course to everyone. It's easy, light-hearted, and you learn a lot from it with out feeling like you're studying!
Very informative. I have used the majority of pieces of advice in my daily life. Already recommended to my friends and relatives!
It is a good course to general people and even to who have some specialization, to relax and practise English if it is necessary.
Overall it was a fun and refreshing class to take. Very easy to understand and follow the material. I enjoyed this course a lot!
i love it this course, it's very educational and motivates for better family and individual nutrition. congratulations for this!
I love this course I am so excited to practice cooking recipes that are simple and we can take the best off them for our health.
Loved it! Can only recommend this class to all parents or anybody who wants to learn how to feed their loved ones the right way.
I love this course. It has so much great information, and it even shows you recipes that you can use at home with your children.
Clear and objective, just what you need to set your cooking base straight and build healthy habits for yourself and your family!
it is a great course The lecturer was very good at explaining everything and made each and every thing very easy to understand.
This course is  good not only for Child Nutrition also for a adult.  you will understand how to make smart and healthy choices.
I've learnt a lot about nourishing my family. I actually applied all the suggestionsmade in the classes in our day to day life.
I loved the course and the teacher, her recipes and how she made it look so easy to prepare a variety of dishes for the family
I really enjoyed this course. It gave me lots of tips to keep feeding my family in a healthy way and learned a lot about food.
This course gives you a very clear explanation about healthy nutrition for children. I would recommend this course to everyone
Great course! So useful for parents and care-takers of kids of all ages! Simple and comprehensive. I definitely recommend it!
It was a great course. Gave me ideas for my personal and my work  to help improve childs nutrition. Love the cooking classes.
Great course. Practical and useful. I tried the explain meals with my nephews. They loved it. My sisters were fascinated too.
Learning is always welcome, to teach families how to eat healthy, with nutritional options, not only in quantity and quality.
Wonderful experience ! Thank you very much for teaching me so many highly valued information for the well being of my family.
It was a very informative and interesting course.I would want to do more such courses and want to make a career in this area.
Great course!!! i learned so many things and now i see the in a different way the importance of a good nutrition to my kids..
I loved this course. 
It was easy and the personality of the teacher was so soft. I liked it and her too.Thank you very much.
Very reccomended course if you want to learn the basics of nutrients and begin to change your nutrition habits and those of y
Really great course, I have learned a lot, It's really helpful for me to prepare a balanced diet for my child and my family.
First online course I finish, I learned a lot from it. It's recommended even if you never cooked before, as it is in my case
Great course with great info! Love how friendly the teacher is in the videos. Glad their advocating for sustainability, too!
Very useful course! Take part of it weather you have children or not, beacuse all of us need a reminder about healty living!
It was so interesting topic. I have received many informations. Thank you for such a amazing topic. It was moreover useful.
Great, the course is so interesting and I've learned so much about child nutrition and how to prepare meal, with less money
This Course is really easy to understanding and not boring at all. This course also can help your family with better dishes
Very much helpful to understand children. I learnt about mistakes I use to make. Thanks for creating this wonderful course.
It really is a pleasure to watch Mrs. Adams' videos. She is a very positive pearson. Can't wait for other courses by her!!!
was a great informational course. a lot of the information was broken down pretty well. i like the structure of the course
Great overview on general information about nutrition and how our body uses macromolecules/foods for energy and nutrients.
I am received new skills and knowledge : Norm of sugar, balansing food, best and simple receptes ! Thanks for your works !
Wonderful would recommend to expert or a novice. Either way material is relatable and manageable for anyone to understand.
It feels like a repeat of the other course she made. But, I like the cooking videos. You could also find those on youtube.
A lot of vital information for a person working with children and cooking for them as well. I love all the great recipes!
The Child Nutrition and Cooking course was very informative.  I look differently at the food I feed myself and my family.
I really have learned a lot from this course. Plus, the recipes she taught me, I made them and they turned out delicious!
I love this course, it is amazing. This course brought to my life a lots of inspiration. Thank you Dr. Adam and her team.
Amazing teacher and amazing course, very clear and deep of ideas and education. I loved your drawings. Thank you so much!
Our whole class did this in comparison to other coursera courses, Generally we liked this one better than any other ones.
It is very helpful and informative,  especially for moms like me.  I hope there will be more like these.  Thank you Maya.
It was perfect and i learnt a lot, j wish i had a certificate or sort of reference to show i have completed it. Thank you
It's very useful information,  especially for parents who care about child's nutrition. I learned a lot about nutrition.
Thanks Stanford University and MD Maya Adam; I really enjoy the course and I´ve learned a lot about nutrition for child.
Maya Adam is so much great instructor i like her teaching method. She help us seeking many things about food of children
Very good course and easy to understand. It motivates me to introduce and provide my children (to be) with healthy food.
Basic but good information for people interested and just starting to learn about nutrition. Valid for adults and kids.
I loved this course. It is very easy to understand and made me feel that giving my children a healthy diet it possible.
I enjoy the course while I am learning about the food, cook and health. I feel free to watch the videos too many times.
I ve never expected that the lessons would be  so understandable and adjustable with my difficult programme! thank you!
I liked this course. It is pretty simple, but very useful in everyday life (and not only for people who have children!)
Excellent course, pleasant, easy to follow and informative. It is also set at the nice pace and consistency. Thank you!
Love this course! I learned a lot about nutrition and best practices that can be applied to children, and even myself!
Amazing course , professor and lessons!! Of course I live the little tips to grow my own garden and how to make stew!!
I learnt a lot about the nutrition facts and I loved the way how she taught with diagrams and made it so easy to learn
I really love your teaching Mrs.Maya. very Informative classes. you have made it so simple to understand and humorous.
I love the cooking demonstration most and the easy-to-understand explanation really helps me a lot to prepare my Food.
I really liked the course, because it contains rich content and is great for improving our knowledge about nutrition.
It is very important information how to introduce your children to home cooking and developing healthy eating habits.
It was super to know all this information and plus have the recipes and see how to make nutrition food for my family.
Really good content, easy explanation and very practical recipes. Thanks Maya for sharing your hard learned knowledge
Great presentation and explanations that are easily understandable. Overall a great course on a very important topic.
Maya helped me conquer my fear of kitchen cooking, gifting me basic learning blocks of being my baby's chef-girl-r&d!
This was a wonderful course, very detailed and the meals turn out just the way she say they would, healthy and tasty.
This is a useful and clear course for understanding food, nutrition and the role they complete in our life and healt.
it was a amazing course, and it helps really helps us decide on a meal  those days when we have no idea what to eat.
I have really enjoyed this course and it's packed with a lot of detailed nutrition, food, diet & health information.
Thank you, it was very interesting and informative.And the best thing that my child is happily chewing on a carrot))
Thank you so much for this easy, beautifully illustrated simple presentation of nutrition basics and lovely recipes!
Great information presented in an engaging format.  I really enjoyed the cooking demonstrations at the end lessons.
This was a great course to take to learn more about children’s nutrition but also about over all nutrition as well.
Such a fun course. I have a small son and now I see how easy is to put some of the healthy food habits in practice!
Excellent course, I've learned a lot about healthy cooking and how to teach kids to eat more vegetables. Thank you!
I didn't expect more than basics and this is lovely way of learning it! From the very basic to trying it at home ;)
Very informative, helpful, and easy to follow and understand course.  I've recommended this course to many parents.
vary useful course helping me to understand how to deal with the children food and the way they preferred the food
it's a great course for anyone who have small children. It gives you the power to raise them healthy and happy. =)
This was one of the best classes i ever had! Clear, simple , comprehensive lessons with  great practical examples!
I am already using the information i learned from this . I encourage every parent to take this course , Thank you,
It was enriching and I got to learn the correct understanding of everything related to Child Nutrition and Health
I recommend this course to my friends, especially friends who have a child. It really teaches interesting things.
Thank you for this interesting course! it's really very helpfull for me! can't break away from watching lesssons!
This course really helped me a lot. It taught me what to do and what not regarding nutrition. Thank you so much.
Such an awesome course and well instructed by Miss Maya..........The most inspiring is her teaching methodology.
making shoping and cooking easier, not difficult, quizzes are great; it helped me a lot when shaping my new diet
It is a helpful , applicable Course . I enjoy it and i finished it in 2 days, Because I was exited to continue .
This course is very useftul and attractive! It help me to sharp a healthy lifestyle and lead a happy family life
Excellent information presented in a clear manner. I was able to put many of the suggestions to use immediately.
EXCELLENT COURSE, LEARNT SO MANY THINGS ABOUT CHILD NUTRITION. IT HELPED ME AND MY FAMILY TO LIVE HEALTHY LIFE.
The teaching style is very impressive of Prof. Maya ADAM, very inclusive, very informative. Thank you very much
I have learned a lot and I want to learn more! Thank you very much Stanford University and Dr. Maya! God bless!
This is class is practical, packed with great information on how to cook and eat healthy.  I really enjoyed it!
It is simple as anyone can follow, yet deep in knowledge and expertise. Thank you for preparing sucha a course.
I like it very much. Both the self peace study and course material. I can control myself. Very Good course !!!
This course was very informative and the subjects were explained in a clear manner. The recipes are great too!
This was very interesting I enjoyed each week. I challenge myself to try these healthy recipes for my family.
I love the course and the professor. I have learn a lot on how to teach my children healthy eating. thank you
This is a course that teaches us how to cook in a much healthier way, as well as learn concepts of nutrition.
Very useful data(information) for everyone!!Lest try to give to our children more natural and healthier food.
Great course with very easy to follow kids friendly videos! My boys and I enjoyed taking this class together.
Great course for everyone who wants to learn more about healthy eating and how to promote it to your children
Very nice information and very important The exams were easy and useful And l was encouraged to study online
Great course! I learned a lot, at a good pace. It's  very understandable and fun! I recommend you take it :)
Extremely informative and inspiring. I loved that it also included a section on our role to the environment.
I believe that every person should to take this course, because nutrition is a fundamental part of the life.
Easy explained, this course should be a MUST for every parent interested in their child nutrition.Congrats!!
This course is so lively and interesting!  That explains are intuition and easy to understand the curriculum
It was amazing to learn so many Health facts and learning Nutritional Recipes.I had a wonderful experience!
Excellent course! Instructor was motivational, covered a variety of topics concerning health and nutrition.
It was easy for me to complete very educational on what is good for us as we are living in a obese country.
Excellent course, well presented and full of great information.  Thank you for taking the time to offer it.
highly recommended. very informative and very interesting. and maya a truly a great lecturer. smooth class.
I get knowledge about cooking is main nutrient abroad for children increased.And professor teach very fun.
It was very interesting and informative course. One becomes more aware of what he/she consumes. Thank you!
This is really an amazing course. I have learnt about the best foods for the child and  how to make them.
Awesome tips for getting the kids involved in the kitchen as well as easy nutrition principles to follow.
The structure and the material taught in this course is excellent. The instructer is a very good teacher.
Its a very useful and practical course,  it contains too much important information. I love this course.
Simple, neat and wonderful explanation for food. I love this course and want to try to have some recipe.
I love it! it's so fun and interesting! I learnt alot and I would love it if Dr Maya makes more courses.
This is a fantastic introduction course about nutrition!! Very easy to follow and very flexible format.
This is a great course for those who wants to learn the basics of nutrition and to cook better at home.
Very useful. I love the addition of the easy-to-make recipes. I'm eager to try them with my own family.
It was very informative and useful. Got to know a lot about allergies and how to shop different foods.
Easy to understand and "biteable" content that makes completion manageable and easy. Highly recommend!
Maya is great teacher. In this course I liked very much that every video is 3-6 minutes long.Thank you
It's really great how the course can shares important informations with simple explanations! I loved!
this course is really helpful for those who rarely eat healthy food and help me to stick with my way.
Love the simple tricks and tips to get the children eating healthier. The recipes were a big hit too!
Thanks a lot for this course! I've learned such an interesting and helpful information. All the best!
Enjoyed the course. Has lots of visuals, which helps a lot to memorize all the information presented.
Very informative, easy to learn, and love the videos! I want my kitchen to look like the professor's!
Great course! Very informative and just simply put with great examples and step by step talk through.
thank you so much for this useful course. I am sure that it will be beneficial for my future career.
Very authentic and informative class.  I love the videos and giving a few chances to do the quizzes.
Very informative, delivered in much convinent way, Superb Instructor, Thanks for your all effort🤩😊
Thank you for your class. It helps me how to cook well and how to choose the best food for children.
Informational and filled with great imagery.  Clear bullet points makes it easy to digest and learn.
i enrolled and successfully completed the course. this course really enlightened me about nutrition.
I loved this course. I would love to continue and implimented what i have learnt in my current life.
lessons were simply taught, easy to follow and instructor was delightfully pleasant. I learnt a lot!
I really loved this course. I learned a lot about kids’ nutrition and I also learned  other things.
It was well explained in short, easy to understand videos. I particularly enjoyed the recipe videos
Instructor was awesome enjoyed her sessions, she ensure what she was teaching is properly explained
Clear and easy to follow. A good reminder and reality check to keep track of what we feed our kids.
This is one of great course that I have learned many things about food and nutrition from via Maya.
easy and friendly, full of great information for any people how is interested en have better habits
wow that kid was lucky to have such mom I didn't  even felt it is a course It is my daily activity
I have learnt a lot of English and eating healthy with this course. It is all very well explained.
I liked this course. Easy Giving information. Simple consolidate the material. It was interesting!
I feel very happy  to  receive  this course. Thank all of you to give us such a great opportunity.
Loved it and learnt a lot of things. I enjoyed the dinamics of the course and admire the teacher.
Really Informative and got me inspired to do another one and now I'm on 'Food and health' course.
I rise a small child and this course was very useful for me. I cook every day and enjoy it a lot!
It is a good course.I have learnt lots of fundamental knowledge about nutrition.Thanks very much!
A class that can benefit the entire family.  Well worth the time.  A respectable source as well.
I loved this course!! It is very useful, this course has helped me and my family eat healthier!!
The knowledge I‘ve learned from this course is very useful and it makes for my family's healthy.
Very helpful!! I am not a mother yet, so luckily, I still have time to improve my cooking, haha!
Perfect guide to help you get your child off to the perfect start. Include gluten free recipes.
It was a very interesting course and gave me some very good ideas on how to cook healthy meals.
It's a very good, easy-to-understand and informative course. I've found what I want! Thank you.
It is an excelent course. Congratulations. I hope find more courses about nutrition. Thank you.
Very interesting course. I learnt so much about Nutrition and cooking which good for children.
Very good explanations by the instructor. I enjoyed this course and got many new informations.
I love how in a short and simple format so much quality information is provided. Thanks a lot!
This education about child nutrition and cooking gives me new ideas that I can use in my life.
Love Dr Maya's energy in this course, she made things interesting and it's easy to understand.
The course is well-paced, entertaining and informative.  I enjoyed the style and the teachers.
The lesson and tutorial from this course were very helpful and i would love to take more class
I really enjoyed this course, the review exams are good and good content and very informative
Thank you for a great class with lots of good recipes (which I keep going back to refer to :)
IT'S JUST AMAZING! it teachs you a lot about nutrition and diets, cooking and care of family.
Excellent course. I actually took it together with my wife and we both thoroughly enjoyed it.
Excellent class, it gave me good tips and encouragement to start cooking more healthy dishes.
This course has been a gift for me, my child and family. We put it into practice from day 1.
I am very thankful for this course. I helps me to make a good platform for me and my family.
Very informative and easy to understand videos.  Good recipes too.Finished in a couple days.
I absolutely loved this course.  I learned so much info that I will actually be able to use.
My kids and I enjoyed this course. I have been recommending this to my families and friends.
I love it that course.It is very interesting for me and I learn a lot of food and nutrition.
This has been very informative and will be very useful in my daily food service activities.
Extremely delighted going throughout the child nutrition course. Its very close to my heart
Awesome course, loved the way the course was presented. It made it very easy to understand.
It is a well planned course covering a lot of modern day aspects affecting child nutritionz
great course. I can  gain very useful knowledge to guide our daily diet now. Thanks so much
Great course the professor is very good at explaining the material so everybody can follow.
An excellent and complete course. Provides a lot of information and how to apply it daily.
Amazing Information. A great amount of knowledge gained through the course. Thank you Mam!
It's a good course to learn about not only child nutrition and cooking but even for adults
Out children are the future and their nutrition is a important thingfor their development.
I learned so much from Maya about healthy food not just for children, but also for myself.
Excellent! I love this course so much. Its easy to learn and the presenter is so animated!
I think this course is fantastic. Easy to understand, very informative and isnt too heavy.
Course content is balanced with demonstrations and charts, along with quizzes. Enjoyed it.
Great course! I wish there was a statement of accomplishment available when I complete it.
Super Course "Learnt a Lot" & Will definitely try to spread word of mouth & implement it.
Useful information and practical information that can easily be applied to everyday life.
Simple and clean, very interesting also for who, like myself, has no children to grow up.
On demand format was great for a stay home mum and all the cooking tips were very useful.
This course is an eye opener to healthy feeding of children. I'm glad I enrolled for it.
I learned a lot; thank you for all the information and the fantastic way of explanation!
Great course with great DrThanks a lot for your time, info and delicious food you cooked
Very educational, hands on and easy to understand. Great instructor. Thank you Dr. Adam!
Excellent, down to earth with great ideas presented. Simple to understand and implement.
Good course to gain basic understanding about the food systems, and nutritional choices.
Great course: fun, interesting, educational, easy to watch...I strongly recommend it! <3
Touches on multiple subject matters pertaining to food. Simplified in a thorough manner.
This course was wonderful! I really learned a lot. Thank you for this great opportunity.
I loved this course, the explanation, the cooking ideas, everything! Highly recommended!
Practical and simple way to live and give nutritional and family values to our children.
Great course & refresher for parents & grandparents & those in the medical professions!
This was full of great information and well thought out. The instructor was great also.
¡Amazing! Easy to understand even if you don't have previous knowledge about this área.
It has provided a lot of help for me and my family, I love it and I enjoy every lesson!
Very good course. Great information. Easy to follow. Enjoyable all around. Thanks Maya!
Great course for Child Nutrition. I have learned many things from this course via Maya
Awesome course with some great introductory and advanced nutrition tips and knowledge!
Hello and special Thanks to Dr. Maya Adam. This was a very great and practical course.
It is a great course to learn basics of nutrition and cooking. Recommend for everyone.
Very helpful not only for professional use but daily life with your own children also!
Very informative Course.. Loved all the Cooking demonstrations and tried most of them.
An amazing course for everyone who is concerned about children's health and well-being
Is an amazing course for learn about how is the best way for nourish kids. I love it.
A very good course indeed . A must take course . Very simple and easy to understand .
This was really useful for me, I learned a lot of things, it was a  great experience
I enjoyed every segment of the course and I have new knowledge on something's.Thanks
lesson helped me understand the nutrients and spicy, foods when cooking for children
Nothing short of excellent. Informative and to the point. Complex ideas made simple.
It's a great course for parents looking for some nutrition advice for their children
Easy and inspiring course that teach us how simple yes to take care of our children.
I enjoyed the course. I would like a course that teaches the next step in Nutrition.
A very good course to develop a healthier eating habits and to know about nutrition
it was interesting and well documented for easy learning. thank you for the course.
Excellent course for general knowledge, very easy to follow and great recipe ideas!
This course was incredible, as a nutricionist I learn a lot more, than you so much.
Very interesting course. Really good lecturer and well organised classes. Loved it!
Teacher tells us many useful tips for cooking, which are easy to rememer and to do.
A very information-packed course, easy to follow and very worthwhile. Thank you :-)
Very informative and educational! Learnt so much that I can now use in the future.
This course help to focus on all aspect of child food for their proper development
It is a very interesting course. It contains a lot of helpful and new information.
I learnt a lot from this lecture.I love cooking and hope more people can enjoy it.
The course is so interesting and helpful! Thank you for new ideas and inspiration!
Clear and useful information. It worked really good for me that it was self-paced.
Super course! Recommend to moms who want to feed their children with healthy food!
Clearly taught and lots of usable information to take into my kitchen. Thank you!
Great course. Easy to understand, lots of good tips and easy cooking suggestions.
Good information on how to involve kids into gardening to increase there love for
Very clear and easy for understanding course that is very pleasant to participate
The way that simple recipes were also included, made the learning a lot more fun.
I learned a lot from this course, it's easy to understand and really informative.
Gained a lot of insight to Child Nutrition. Some of the tips I would remember for
A great overview on basic nutirition and how to make simple recipes your children
It is a wonderful class and I have learned much from this course.  Thanks a lot~~
I loved the course! It was a joy to take and I had fun learning and taking it! :)
Really great basic information. Really enjoyed the section on why to buy organic.
Excellent Class recommended for all individuals who cares for little ones growth.
Thank you very much for nice work, big effort and open my mind. Thank you so much
Please issue me a certificate. I am ready to pay the fees. Thanks:Devashree Shah
This is a great course and I would refer this course to anyone willing to learn.
Absolutely informative course, super well explained and nice to study. Loved it!
An excellent course !!! It helps me a lot to understand how to feed my children.
Lots of great information. I appreciate the time and effort that went into this.
It's really amazing about the facts seen in the course videos.Learnt new things.
It is a very good course, super informative, but there's no free certificate :(
Well rounded course and I like that it advocates for reducing meat consumption.
The course was great it was very informative thank you i had a great experience
Great course for moms and anyone that might want to start a career on nutrition
This course has helped me a lot both at home and at my line of work, thank you.
It is proving to be extra helpful regarding my educational exposure, Thank you!
It was an interesting journey, that helped me to learn a lot new things for me.
it was a nice attempt to get child and parents to enjoy, how to prepare  to eat
Very easy to listen to and understand, she is very knowledgable and I learned a
I really enjoy this course. It's useful and I learned I lot. Thank you so much.
Very basic knowledge and skill level but there are still many things to learn!
this caourse was so fun, i learn so much about healthy food and nutrition here
It's a great and supporting course particularly for new parents. Thank you! <3
this course is very useful course for our children.thanks for your cooperation
Great course! Wich give us some important information about food and nutrition
Excellent! Simple language, many nice recipes and a lot of useful information.
Great information with excellent presentation.  I might take this class again!
simple and easy to understand. it is also helpful to get knowledge in this way
Very interesting, informative and useful! Thank you very much for this course!
Very well courses, I like it and all videos had very clear English language.:)
It was a very informative course. Thanks to Maya and the entire coursera team.
Very Good course to know about nutrition, healthy cooking ways and child care.
loved it learned lots of new things and my family is eating healthier everyday
Great and accessible for any parent who wants to improve their family health.
Every parent should take this course, it is a must for happier healthier kids
love the way this course is taught!, really enjoyed hope nice& sweet she is .
absolutely loved this course!!!!! so much that I finished it in one day!!!!!
My baby is 7 month now,I will use the knowledge I learned here bring him up.
A good refresher if you work with children or are planning to have children.
Practical, fast, precision and simplest way of understanding is by doing it.
The course was very good, very simple to understand and execute in our life.
This course was really interesting and helped me a lot, thank you very much!
Got some great recipes. This was a fun course! Would like to know even more.
Great course, with an excellent professor. Learned a lot, very well taught.
I had completed Child Nutrition and Cooking course. How get my certificate?
To learn more about nutrition for children in my family and may own health.
Helpful course, with nice instructional video and a perfect learning curve.
Awesome! really nice and easy to follow. I'll recomand it (i already did :)
Very informative and easy-to-follow. Please make more courses on nutrition.
It's a very complete course and I loved it. Thank you for this experience.
this course has taught me a lot thanku for sharing such knowledge with  me
Great tool for someone that it is going to work with kids or even mothers.
Easy to understand and very interesting. I thoroughly enjoyed this course.
Great learning experience, and how to maintain a healthy diet. Thank you.
This course helped me a lot in preparing and rethinking our family meals.
A great introduction to nutrition and cooking for families. -Pediatrician
I loved the course! Would reccommend it to all m friends, really isefull!
So many important informations. Great teacher, illustrations and recipes!
Great information to use in my classroom as well as with my son at home!!
Very informative with a great model of sharing content and practicality.
I really enjoyed this course! Thank you so much for making it available.
Beautiful course! Nicely done, very useful to any person in any careeer.
Excellent course. I hope I can hear from the book you're releasing soon.
Very informative, practical and fun. I loved the way she share the info.
Solid information provided in an excellent format by a outstanding teach
Thank you very much! It was very interesting and useful for me! Perfect!
Good Lessons and solid ideas for all ages, all income levels.  Good Job.
Nice Course with simple terms and easy understandable videos and guides
it really usefull course . I use it for my job also . Thank you for all
Simple but very important information. I use her tips on a daily basis.
Wow! I learned a lot about healthy cooking and nutritious foods. Thanks
Its educational. Good teacher. Thanks to great course, i had enjoyed :)
Excellent ! Clear and very helpful .Easy  to understand and practical.
I loved the teacher and I felt like I learned so much from the class!!
It was a beautiful an helpful course, very easy to do and well explain
I'm so excited to complete this course. It's worth to be taken. Thanks
great course for cook beginners and anyone willing to cook healthier .
Good course Child nutrition. Thank you Stanford University & Coursera.
Exceptional Content! If you have children - this is a must! Well done.
Thank you very much for providing this course, i have learned so much.
Thanks for all the advices, It was great to learn how to cook healthy.
i really enjoy learning, and learned a lots of nutrition and cooking.
Very enjoyable course with a lots of informations and health recipes.
It's easy to understood. I learned how to cook healthy food for kids.
very interesting and helpful,,,,,,,easy to learn,,,babies are so cute
Thank You,You are amazing! Congrats!Best wishes from Istanbul Turkey
excellent , brief, crisp, crunchy and munchy course and healthy  one
So many tips, lifehacks! Thank You so much. Very useful !!! <3 <3 <3
Very useful and it is easy for working individuals trainers are good
Very well made teaching materials and very helpful in the real life!
Ths course is a fun way to brush up on  the basics of healthy eating
Thanks a lot! Hope that it is not last course about Child Nutrition!
Great course to learn the basics. Some topics were very insightful.
I really loved this course. It was super interesting and practical.
I really enjoyed this class - it was varied and very informational.
Very thorough, educational, and very enjoyable. Highly recommended.
Excellent for mothers to learn about healthy nutrition for her kids
the lady, her way of talking, her illustrations.. out of the world!
Excellent course. I have learned so many ways to cook healthy food.
Great information, great tips and a great teacher... Thank you Maya
This is a great course! Very practical must knows for every parent
Amazing class, amazing teacher. I learned so much from this class!
Even for a mom of 4, this was a very fresh and infomative course!!
It was so interesting, full of information and very usable course.
Very good course. Highly recommended to all moms around the world.
Very clear, and interesting. Very useful for educator and parents.
This course should be mandated for high school students. Awasome !
Amazing work from  Maya Adam, MD. She is the best I have see here.
Fun to watch and learn! Thanks a lot for an easy to follow course.
Really useful as a CPD platform or as a parent wanting to research
The best course I have ever had the opportunity to participate in.
It was very interesting and I learned a lot. Thank you very much!
it very useful and beneficial course especially if you are a mom.
Very informative and clear with a sense of today's world at stake
This was a great course, thank you for the wealth of information!
Loved the course. Never really knew about organic vs non organic.
Learned a lot of new things, very interesting course all 5 weeks!
Thanks very much
Iwish i can  take a certificate for this course.
This Course is just Amazing . Had an awesome learning experience
Thank you for sharing a little bit of your culture when eating..
Very helpful course. Loved our Professor. Thank you so much mam.
very life changing..i learned a lot..i enjoyed the whole course.
informative and well presented,I will recommend it to my friends
This course is real, interactive and interesting. I learnt a lot
Simple and useful information about nutrition. Very interesting!
Excelent, very important the information and material for study
Great course, really enjoyed it and learnt a lot of new things.
easy to understand and very practical and useful in daily life.
this is the best course in United States of America. #Obama2016
Wonderful, very informative.  Thank you for a great experience.
very good to be in healthier side after watching 1 week course.
I so enjoyed this course with all of its valuable information.
FELICIDADES POR EL CURSO , TEMAS IMPORTANTES  , DE GRAN AYUDA.
Very much Informative and easy to use techniques.. Liked it !!
It is a really great course and it was interesting and active.
I LOVE IT! GOOD SOURCE OF INFORMATION FOR MY FAMILY NUTRITION!
excellent, every woman in the world needs to take this course
It was a fun and educational course for all parents out there
This was a great course! Very informative and easy to access.
it was super fun to learn , watch , and implement thank you !
Thanks a lot for this course. Extremely useful and inspiring.
A very interesting course with very nice videos! Thanks Maya!
Simple, easy to follow, informative, approachable, supportive
Very useful for people who want to have a more balanced diet.
conversational style, but informative. very enjoyable course
thank you so much for offering this curse, i like it so much
Lots of expiration with drawings helps me understand easily.
Great course with really helpful drawings and illustrations!
Easy to follow and very interesting and educational content.
Great course, I have learned a lot to cook better for my LO!
Thank you for the course. Outstanding Broadcast and content.
Love it, love it, love it.  Great course.  Great instructor.
Excellent. I love it. Lot of information healthy lifestyle.
This was a wonderful course and I learned a lot. Thank you.
Amazing experiance.I learned lot of things about nutrition.
Very informative and practical course. I really enjoyed it.
Great basic course on child nutrition, I really enjoyed it!
i love this course, it is very useful to my future children
It is really complete and easy to follow. I really loved it
Very important information, and great instructors!! Thanks
Great Course, Easy to access, easy to learn, great visuals
I like that topics are in sections with a quiz at the end.
I'm halfway through the videos and other resources. bravo!
Its simple informative and has great info even for adults.
Definately, I will promote this course among my collegues.
Great information showed in a very easy way to understand.
great course concise and percisethank you for everything:)
nice basic overview of easy to use tips for healthier diet
very useful coursesimple style of explore the information
simple, informative and very powerful thank you so much !
Excellent course. Well taught. A lot of fun to study for.
A very good course for keeping your daily eating healthy.
Really good.loved it. She explains so clearly and simple.
It is very educational, enjoyable and easy to understand.
Very informative! Love the positive outcome and attitude!
Great training about preparing nutricious foods for kids.
so many things I couldn't agree with more!!! Thank you :)
I absolutely loved this course! I learnt so much from it!
Yeah...a very informative course...I like this course...
Very informative and was exactly what I was looking for!
Great course! I learned about Child Nutrition very much!
Thank you for the course! It was interesting and useful)
Very well structured and interesting. Congratulations :)
Very friendly approach and complete discussion of topics
Excellent, I really enjoyed and learned a lot. Thank you
Quite a few tips and simple recipes. Very informational.
Sinmple  direct to the point and gives amazing informati
This was such an amazing course. It has helped me a lot!
fantastic and informative course and good for the health
Clear and structured information about child nutrition.
A wonderful and very useful course for feeding children
it's very good
but when I sending you finish the course
Very well presented. Easily understood and interesting.
Informative, relevant and concise. Highly recommended.
Great course!  Excelent content and amazingly dinamic.
Thank you for this really lovely and effective class !
Thank you for the course. I have found it very useful.
Very beneficial. I LIKED IT. Deserves 10 stars indeed.
I love this course. It's very useful for daily basis.
It's very good but It should be given a certificate!!
It's very interesting to read all these informations.
i love it and hope to continue more courses like this
Informative, bite-sized chunks of useful information.
Such a great course! With so many things to learn <3
Suuuperb awwsum course which was sooo informative 👍
I ENJOY THIS COURSE EVEN I NOT INTERESTED IN COOKING
very useful for me as a mother of 2! thanks so much!
it is a best way to keep our family members healthy.
Very helpful, fun and illustrative. I learned a lot.
Learned a lot from this course about eating healthy.
I love that! Great tips, great ideas, great recipes!
I loved all of the recipes and cooking demonstration
I love Child Nutrition and Cooking. So educational .
Thanks Maya, it was really great learning from you.
Thanks Maya it was so helpful and good ilearnt alot
Very helpful and funny course, I will recommend it.
EXCELENTE EL CUROS DE COCINA NUTRICIONAL PARA NINOS
Excellent course to start learning about nutrition.
This course was really interesting thank you ! X :)
Loved everything about the way it was presented! :)
Very good!! The teacher are so dedicated and smart!
I was amazing course, it was worth taking my time.
it's a very good course and the sample also clear.
very helpful in learning cooking and understanding
Thank you for the course, it was very informative!
It's good to learn about how to cook for children.
Excelent curse for a good food children education.
Informative. I liked the demos. Enjoyed very much.
very good way to remember about nutricion and diet
very informative and makes eating better exciting.
It was fantastic! I loved every minute of it!!!!!!
Super clear, short & fun introduction to nutrition
Great course, I learned a lot from these lessons.
I really liked the many topics and cooking demos.
excellent course! tanks for opportunity learning.
Thanks for the support and valuable information♥️
Interesting, easy to comprehend and very helpful.
Very nice! I might actually re view the course :)
Very helpful and interesting! hank you very much!
this coarse is very interesting i really enjoy it
Very basic, a must for all parents in my opinion.
very easy to understand and with lots of examples
wonderful course, everything is simple and clear!
this is the course that no one can afford to miss
This course was very interesting and informative!
An interesting method of teaching! So delighted.
It is a great experience to learn from Coursera.
Very useful course especially for young parents.
Was a brilliant course an helped me tremendously
I enjoyed the recipes and the videos. Thank you.
Loved it! Very helpful esp. once I become a mom!
This course was one of the best that I have seen
A wonderful over view of nutrition for children.
This course is very useful and easy, thank you!
An amazing course . Moreover a good teaching :)
I think it was an amazing and usefull course!!!
This is a wonderful course and I have learn't a
Very interesting and easy to put into practice
I think it pretty good for me to learn health!
Very helpful. I will apply what I learned to m
Perfect !!! very useful and also enjoyable !!
I really like this course and I learned a lot
It really helps me review my diet. Thank you.
i learned many simple recipes. thanks to you.
Well explained and well demonstrated course.
lovely course, I watched with my 2 and 5 yo.
Thank you exclenet it´s the best word for it
I loved!! Thank you so much for everything!!
Easy and comprehenive. great for new parents
Very helpful and practical. It was also fun!
Great Course. Easy to understand and follow.
Great course, i love the way how you explain
Friendly, fun, clear and helpful.I loved it.
Very useful thank you very much learned alot
Loved it, also loved that it was self paced.
Super presentation and very good information
Its a very interesting and educative course
I wish I could take another class with her.
This was one of the most enjoyable courses!
A very good course for every family. Thanks
Great info!  Good Recipes!  Very Practical!
Enjoyed this class. Basic but to the point.
Really easy and useful. Thank you very much
It was really helpful and i enjoy it a lot!
This course is enjoyable, and very helpful.
Incredibly good, sane and necessary course.
Easy to comprehend and very well explained
Amazing and very useful course. Thank you!
Loved it, very informative and motivating.
Very informative and I understand clearly.
Extremely informative, invaluable lessons.
I have not finished it yet, but I love it.
I loved it. Right to the point and simple!
Very informative and well created videos.
excelent!! as a nanny I hightly recomend.
It was very easy to learn and understand.
the course was very efficient , thank you
perfect! I loved it so much! Thank you :)
Great course and very useful information!
it is a good course, and I really enjoyed
must course for everyone. very inspiring.
good information to our healthy lifestyle
I have finished this course and is really
really fun and interesting, good recipes
Interesting, enriching course Thank you,
Pretty informative and really helpful :)
Loved and use a lot of the information!!
Great info, nicely delivered. Thank you!
It is interesting and so easy to follow.
very nice introduction for raising kids.
Great course with lots of great lessons!
great and good recipes to make with kids
thank you, i really2 need this knowledge
I really learned a lot with this course.
Very useful! Great lectures! Thank you!!
Very interesting and pleasant to follow.
Very useful and easy ! I just love Maya!
very useful ,enjoyed the cooking videos
Vert useful course, Thanks Dr.Maya Adam
very amazing, interesting and useful ;)
Brilliant class.  Fight the good fight.
Very interesting; very important course
Very nice layout of the course. Easy to
It´s too bad that no degree is awarded.
Very good overview of child nutrition.
Very useful! It can change many lives!
Amazing course, I really learnt a lot
very good course thanks a lot,Dr Maya
good knowledge of nutrition & cooking
it is very helpful entry level course
Thank you for this wonderful program.
I am very satisfied with this course!
Great information and easy to follow.
Easy, light, fun. A great experience!
very easy and interesting, I like it.
I would like to recive a certificated
A very good course and so apetizing !
It was informative, fun, and simple.
it was quite helpful and scientific.
Easy, informal, interesting, and fun
Wonderful course! I've learned a lot
Very informative and easy to follow.
Simple, Knowledge rich and enjoyable
Easy to understand and very helpful!
Very educational and easy to follow!
Very good content and best described
Really helpful with/o being a parent
maya adams class is very informative
Every mother should do this course .
it was very helpful and interesting
Great instructor, very informative!
Very good and interesting course!!!
great course , lots of helpful info
Very interesting course! Thank you!
Wonderful Course, very informative!
Diet is the basic need of everyone.
All Mothers should take this Course
Very useful. Good recipes and tips.
Perfect! Educational and enjoyable.
Very comprehensive and informative!
I loved the course very informative
I liked so much this couse, thanks!
awsome for my wife , we need it!!!!
I keen on the materials so much! !
ESTA COMPLETO Y ES FÁCIL DE SEGUIR
This course is very helpful for me
Very useful, easy to understand :)
thanks was a great way of learning
clear presentation and useful info
Great basic learning for everyone.
Great info and easy to understand!
It's very interesting and helpful.
Really good!! I enjoyed a lot!! ;)
Great short course for the basics
Eye opening, learning experience!
It was great and very motivating.
Motivational Course.... LOVED IT!
Informative, clear and simple :-)
Great course, I am learning lots.
Just amasing. I love this course!
Informative and well-presented =]
I had really enjoyed this course!
I loved this course ! Thank you !
great course and great teacher :D
İt was so impressive and lovely!
Easy to understandVery practical
I have learn lots of new things.
A very good course for starters.
its a very nice course i enjoyed
the course is really beneficial.
pride if with family in learning
Really useful. Very good lesson.
Excellent, simple and too funny
it's good to learn and kown it.
Very useful, I've learned a lot
I highly recommend this course.
Fantastic and very informative!
i learn  a lot, thanksvery good
This course should be mandatory
This course is easy but useful!
Change my lifestyle completely!
it is very intresting subject.
Informative and well presented
Extremely usueful for familes~
awesome course learned so much
good to learn and very helpful
Excellent. I lo ve this course
I loved it. You learn so much!
Relevant for me and my family.
Great course!! it's AWESOME!!!
I enjoyed this class immensely
Great and absolutely well done
It was very useful thank you!
Easy to learn, happy to cook.
very nice n friendly teaching
Awesome, no words to describe
Great lessons, great teacher!
Exсellent course for mothers.
Every parent should take it!
Well explained and useful !!
Very nice course! Thx a lot!
awesome and fantastic course
Best course I learned online
Great info, enjoyable course
Very informative, thank you.
Really interesting. Love it!
Interesting and informative!
I learned a lot. Thank you!
Really love it! Thank you!!
Where is my Certificate   ?
Excelente and useful course
I s a wonderful Experience!
Ineresting and InformativeI
Good course for living well
Really liked the instructor
All parents needs to follow
Great and conscious course.
why are give me cartuficate
This is a fantastic course!
Love ti! Thank you so much
It is really great course.
I love this course! Thanks
Super learning experience!
Great teacher and examples
Very Informative Course!!!
totally worth and helpful.
its a nice course 2 follow
I really love this course!
A very informative course
i like this course a lot!
perfect, I learned a lot!
Informative, short course
UN CURSO MUY INTERESANTE!
a real pleasure to learn!
Great I enjoyed it a lot!
This course is very good!
Best presentation ever :)
Learning so much. Thanks!
Great! I really like it.
it's perfect for parents
it was really intresting
be active and be healthy
interesting, informative
an eye-opening course!!!
A very educating course.
Informative and helpful!
It's very easy to learn
This Course Is Great!!!
excellent information G
Really inspired cursus.
Was a very good course
its easy to understand
Very good and practice
very nice and helpful.
Simple and informative
Great info for parents
It's wonderful!o(∩_∩)o
Amazing! Great work :)
I really learnt alot!
I loved this course;)
Very useful course!!!
Simple and educative!
This is great course!
It is very helpful!!!
Very helpful. Thanks!
This class is awesome
easy and interesting
Great for any family
Very well explained.
Fun and informative.
It is very helpful.
very good and kind.
Great intro course.
Enjoyed the course!
Highly recommended.
i like this course.
very good advices!!
Very useful to me!
I enjoy the course
Very good quality!
I love this topic
great explanation
best course i had
i love this class
nice work teacher
very educational!
Very interesting！
great,and useful.
it was so useful
Incredibly inspi
very useful info
Nice but basic.
Love it. Thanks
Very good info!
its pretty good
I learnt a lot
It was helpful
Just love it!
Shes sexy af
very useful~
very useful！
The best !!!
Nicely done!
Its Awesome
MUITO BOM.
Was great.
Love it
