The course is great, however cannot proceed with the pace i wanted.After taking the course up to week two, i received a prompt to reset the deadline.After reset, the course content i could access was limited to week 1, week 2  where i had done almost all assignments - only peer graded assignment had not been completed.How can i proceed to week 3 ? the course is invaluable but your unnecessary red tapes is impeding my progress. Please do something about it.
The course would have been amazing if the material was not so outdated... I decided to stop going through with it in Week 2 as we are in 2020 and the material provides statistics from early 2000s.
Did not complete the course as it was a very introductory course, where I was hoping it would be a more in depth study towards the Health and Human Rights.
Smart people, but aggressively white and binarist angle.
The amount of time required to successfully complete this course is significantly more than the course description states. Many readings have a time frame of 10 minutes, when in fact it will take an hour even when just skimming.
The assignments should not be peer-graded because it is too subjective as people live in different social environements. However, the course topics are absolutely interesting!
A really informative course, with lots of interesting and engaging content. I liked the community nature of the course, which allowed me to review and comment on other students work. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to know more about women's health and issues in different countries, and for people who want to think academically about their own country's issues.
Personally, taking this course has been a worthwhile. I have learnt a lot and acquired good knowledge and understanding on issues that affect women's health. What I find special about this course is the approach of analyzing these issues from a human rights perspective. This reinforces the fact that women rights = human rights. Great learning experience.
Very interesting course that should be a part of everyone's high school or university curriculum! A lot of self reading. As this is an online course, it would be great to add more video content with more expert interviews or more visual presentations with key facts and data, instead of putting up a list of books to read.
I recommend this course for a lot of women out there, it will encourage you to make a difference for all the women out there that have no voice , it has empowered me to fight for women s rights and health, injustice among other vices oppressing women in our society today.
Very educational and interesting course on women's rights and access to healthcare. Ideal for beginners of this field  who want to enhance their knowledge on the subject. A lot of  useful learning material. Recommended.
Covers the basic foundations of Women's Health and Human Rights. The speakers and guest lecturers are truly qualified and diverse. Pegged down one star as the online community link doesn't work.
I have just started doing this course and its really already opened my eyes to see more than i could have thought i would learn during this course. I can't wait to Finnish the course!
This course was really interesting and helped me to learn a lot. Recent statistics would have made the course more effective in my opinion.
I loved the course, I just think that the readings are excessive
Exceptional course with various teachings.
WHICHEVER COUNTRY, GENDER, RACE, SECT, CASTE, LANGUAGE OR RELIGION, YOU BELONG TO IF YOU ARE INTERESTED TO MAKE WORLD A BETTER PLACE WHERE ALL BEINGS ARE HAPPY AND SAFE, PLEASE DO THIS COURSE, IT WILL CHANGE YOUR PERSONALITY AND LET YOU UNDERSTAND THE MISERY IN THE WORLD! IT WAS AN AMAZING EXPERIENCE. THANKS A LOT, ANNE FIRTH MURRAY MAÁM, YOU HAVE MADE THIS JOURNEY THE BEST 03 MONTHS OF EDUCATION IN MY LIFE!
Very interesting course! I especially enjoyed to read all interesting contributions on women's rights  for the coursework  from all over the world. Thank you very much for organising this great course!
I highly recommend this course. The content is diverse and covers topics such as women reproductive health, the importance of educating women and girls, sex trafficking, women's reproductive health, empowerment of women and girls, gender inequality and other GLOBAL topics such women and aging, women's resilience and other topics for women and  faced by women to include key issues of discrimination of women from diverse countries. This course should be mandatory in grade school as far as teaching girls about reproductive health, self-esteem, self-love, what is pedophilia, what is rape, and challenges faced by women and girls. I loved this class as it opened my eyes to Women's Health and Human Rights from a Global perspective beginning with the United Nations Report of the Fourth World Conference on Women. I highly recommend this course!
To everyone wishing to know more about women's and girl's health, human rights and where the human race is going on a local and global prospective, this course will be ideal. This course has given me the skills, the research capacity and the information necessary among aothers to be a skilled women's human right's adovcate. The videos interview with professionals, the "check your learning "section, the reading material, the weekely paper submissions are tools that I found to be very helpful in shaping a discipline in teh study of this complex area of study. The mentors, moderators are quick to reply when needed. It is a course that demands dedication and determination. I believe there should be a second level of this course centered maybe more on research and data gathering, and I would be happy to attend! Eden
Really informative course. I thoroughly enjoyed all the lectures and different subject matters that have been included. Just challenging to manage heavy workload and weekly assignments in a timely manner.
It was very informative and interesting. The layout was clear and easy to use. the interviews in particular were useful and interesting. I would definitely recommend this course.
As cliche as it may sound, I cannot stop raving about this course! I was skeptical when I enrolled in the course (thinking and second guessing how legitimate it may be) but I'm so glad I enrolled! It's so informative and touches base on topics from every angle. Not only that, but the fact that you can go at your own pace is so relieving! And if you have any questions AT ALL, students from all across the globe are there for you to message and help out when you need it! The course material is easy to follow and the assignments are thorough in what is asked of the student. Each week is a new eye opening experience and this was a decision that I don't regret enrolling myself in whatsoever. I can't wait to see what else Stanford has to offer!
The content and methodology of the course were great. The study material was well chosen and even experts on women's rights can learn a lot in this course due to the variety of topics covered in this course.
I love the content and the wealth of knowledge this course has brought to my conscious. Very informative and interesting. Many different platforms for learning; reading, videos to watch or listen to.
This course is amazingly designed to give you integrated knowledge on various factors that influence women's health and plus gives you idea about interventions you can apply to solve those problems.
This course is very complete, professors and collaborators can provide extremely important information to your learning regarding women  Human Rights.I also appreciated all the resources available.
Excellent course! Would recommend it to anyone wanting to learn more about the challenges women face and what local communities around the world are doing to change their situation for the better.
One of the best comprehensive courses that I have done in coursera. Loved the peer reviews and the quizes held.
It was an amazing journey all the way of the course. So much information I have learned about women issues around the globe. My knowledge boosted up incredibly. Making the assignments seems like you are participating in resolving the issues of the women worldwide. You have a lot of freedom to use your creativity for looking for solutions. Very informative interviews and lots of extra material to read if interested. It is the must for everyone to know global issues, for not to be an ignorant or making excuses of not knowing what is happening around. Highly recommended not just for the women but also for men and the youth especially! For to be aware and be able to prevent the issues as much as possible. Anne is a Hero for all the women, I feel very proud that exist women so active and capable to make big changes. It seems like she is everywhere in the globe being part of helping women and their issues. Thanks! I rea
I learned so much from this course and thoroughly enjoyed much of the reading and interviews, particularly because they covered a wide range of people and countries. The Thought Questions made me think intellectually about issues that we covered. The ‘Engage Your  Community’ assignments helped me apply the issues I was learning about in the context of the real world. The discussions and reviewing of other people’s assignments allowed me to reach out to fellow individuals as passionate about women’s health and human rights as me! Overall, a highly informative and well structured course - you will definitely learn a lot.
I am actually impressed by how this course is designed to be an intensive introduction to those beginners who wish to enter the gate of knowledge towards the international health and human rights issues of women worldwide! The way it is designed, tailored, customized to suit every student from every corner in the world is spectacular! I am still in week three, yet, I am impressed by how great everything related to this learning opportunity is for me and I do recommend it to everyone around who works in development and women's areas. Thanks big for everybody, institution, portal that made it successful as it is!
This course was presented in a way to allow me to think about and research into these important issues regarding women's health and human rights which I had not considered before. I feel that I have achieved so much insight into the issues covered. I feel that I must do something positive to change the outcomes for girls and women in some way. I thank Ann Firth-Murray and hope that she and the others contributing to this course will considered devising an accredited post-graduate course where by those of us wanting to make a difference can research the issues in a professional and intentional way.Thank You!
This course offers an extremely thorough grounding in women's health and human rights globally. The individual modules and examples from around the world are extremely informative, but it is the bringing together of those modules, surveying women's life experiences both chronologically and across domains, that creates a comprehensive picture of women's heath and human rights.  For me, this picture has been deeply politicizing.  You cannot know this material and be indifferent.  Thank you, Anne Firth Murray, and thank you, Stanford University, for offering this program. It's what the world needs.
A wonderful course. A range of curious topics which is interesting. Very good teaching materials. A lot of surprising information throughout the course. Emotional content as we learn that the contemporary world has people like us who suffer to the maximum extent for being a woman. Thanks to Dr. Anne Firth Murray for this excellent course and for taking us from week 1 to the end of the course to week 10, through various organizations and personalities we met in this course. I found the utmost sincerity in the course contents. Thank you to everyone involved in this course.
It was extremely helpful for me to learn things about women health and child abuse which I didn't know.I was ignorant about different cultural tradition and taboos that humiliate the women's dignity.This course has broaden my mind by providing proper and precise knowledge on women's health andhuman rights. I hope that I would be able to apply this knowledge to my next master degree on publichealth.  Thank you so much coursera and Standford University and the professors for giving me thisopportunity to learn all these thins.Happy Learning for all.
This is, hands down, the most influential class that I have taken so far. It is a lot of work, but it's so well worth it because it's extremely written and all of the information is provided in a way that you can build on your knowledge of the subject as you advance through the lectures. This class was extremely emotional, but I think that's part of the point. It really stirs up sadness and anger for the injustices against so many women in the world, and helps to provide ways to get involved in change. If you take any class, take this one.
I am an Assistant Professor by profession specialized in Criminology & Victimology.  Before taking up  the course I was under impression that I know about the victmization and human rights violation. But let me confess that the course gave me a new perspective of the entire issue. The course covers all the relevant aspects of violence against women and health issues globally. Very well structured syllabus and informative session from the experts. Congrats and all the best to the entire team. Thank you.
I would highly recommend this course. It touches on different topics related to international women's health and human rights in deep, and it explains the interconnectednes between those topics. I had already completed a Master's degree on International Human Rights when I took up the course, but this course still provided me with further knowledge in relation to women's rights and health, and on different forms of activism to achieve shared goals in relation to social justice.
The course is very interesting and let me reflect a lot about women's situation. It was interesting to read other participant's points of view in order to better understand the situation all over the world. My suggestion is to insert more women's voices, it is always very interesting to know people's experiences about the topics. another suggestion is to insert updated texts, in order to compare the situation and better understand if things have changed thorugh years
Great course but don't pay the certificate before reading this. Written that SOME ONLINE COURSES MAY DRAW ON MATERIAL FROM COURSES TAUGHT ON-CAMPUS BUT THEY ARE NOT
EQUIVALENT TO ON-CAMPUS COURSES. THIS STATEMENT DOES NOT AFFIRM THAT THIS PARTICIPANT WAS
ENROLLED AS A STUDENT AT STANFORD UNIVERSITY IN ANY WAY. IT DOES NOT CONFER A STANFORD
UNIVERSITY GRADE, COURSE CREDIT OR DEGREE, AND IT DOES NOT VERIFY THE IDENTITY OF THE
PARTICIPANT.
This class has given me history I did not receive during school, High school or College. I do not know why I thought that the things that women has gone through ONLY happened in my country. It turns out to be all over the world. I love to have learned that people are working on ways to make the world better for men AND women! I enjoyed this course and believe that it will help me with my career.
You can learn Many vital life lessons from here even you are a normal person like me. you will get to know when actually world stood up for women, what is CEDAW, what is Human Rights and also you will know what is going through all over the countries, how's the all the women over coming the issues from all over the world. Thank you so much for love and support Anne Firth Murray and everyone
I learnt really a lot and I recommend all people to go through this short journey to have an idea what has been going on the different part of the world, including where you're living in. This course really gives an insight of not only 'Women's health' but also how it impacts child and men in the world. Please take your time for this course. I strongly recommend it.
Absolutely wonderful! I am so grateful to have taken this course, it has taught me so much about women's health that I didn't already know. This course has made me want to take on a new career path towards supporting women's rights. Anne Firth Murray was a fantastic lecturer and the content she used was fresh and insightful. I couldn't recommend this course enough!
This is the third course I've taken on coursera and it is by far the most comprehensive in terms of both content and structure. It requires more effort than the other courses because of the variety of assignments but it is worth it! The readings, the videos, and even the quizzes and assignments are interesting and engaging. I highly, highly recommend this course.
This is a very informative course, with issues that I think everyone should learn about.  It is important to know about these things, and also learn about the ways that we can try and change them in the future.  It is quite heavy on readings so you need to be prepared for that and have the time to do them if you want to get the most out of this great course.
International Women's Health and Human Rights was an excellent course. It offered varied topics every week. There were many excellent video lectures from experts in their field. The assignments were interesting and a practical application of the weekly topic. I would highly recommit this course to anyone interested in Women's Health and Human Rights.
The problems of women right and solution of  women problems  mainly actual quetion for me.I look for course in many online courses. But this course can answer all my quetion. It shows me ways to the gender equailty.   Many thanks Anne Firth Murray for her book from where I get a lot of information. And thank you very much for this course!!!
The course is well-designed and provides a detailed insight on the condition of women and girls around the world. It is quite interactive and the interviews with experts and people at the forefront of working for gender equality is very inspiring. The assignments and quizzes help a lot in better understanding of the course material.
I really enjoyed doing this course and it was very eye-opening. I learnt a lot more about women in the world and the fact that I was able to put my views across weekly made me feel happy and satisfied. I will not stop here though, I am wanting to pursue work with voluntary work like this as this has inspired me to do much more.
I've absolutely enjoyed this course. It provided me with a wealth of material from highly esteemed people in their fields, and it covered a variety of topics. It was always great to read other peoples work and see how I could help them as well. I would honestly take this course again if I could. Could not recommend it enough.
FOR ME THESE DAYS, READING AND COMPLETING THE ENTIRE COURSE HAS BEEN AN AWESOME EXPERIENCE. AN EXCELLENT TEACHER AND ALL HIS MATERIAL IS SOMETHING EVERYONE SHOULD KNOW, SO THAT SOCIETY MOVES TOWARD GLOBAL EQUALITY AT ALL LEVELS. THIS COURSE HELPS YOU OPEN YOUR EYES MORE AND KNOW THE EXISTING REALITY UNFORTUNATELY.
This course has a great insight on all topics that raise issues on women's rights and human rights at this time in age. If you are not sure on which topic you would like to focus on with women's issues then this class would be great for you to visit every topic and see which topic your most interested in. Real
GREAT COURSE!!! It is very informative. The content is truly rich in quality. From the first week I was hooked. It was fun to take this course, because it was teaching about unjust things that are happening around me, and I can do simple things to encourage the progression of women.
It's definitely an amazing course! I've learned so much about which barriers women have to face in order to have their rights fulfilled. Moreover, I've learned about women worldwide who are tackling these issues in order to help other women to have a better and equitable life .
Very comprehensive course! This course has allowed me to learn and research about many of the issues related to gender inequality in my own country. I highly recommend this course for committed learners. Thank you Anne Murray & your team for this very well put together course.
I never thought I would be so engaged in online learning. This course is wonderful for the busy modern day woman. The deadlines are flexible, there are lots of engagement opportunities and the material (some of which is a bit long) is very interesting and easy to grasp.
Loved this course, great teaching and amazing range of resources available and good to have peer-reviewed assessments, providing insights from different countries and cultures. Would absolutely recommend, quite a lot of work but I've hugely enjoyed and learnt a lot
A great course to learn about issues that affects females world wide and how you can be an ally. Simply treat others the same no matter gender, race, religion and etc as we can make the world both Diverse and Inclusive and letting them having the seat at the table.
I reaaally loved this course and I am so honored that I got the chance to learn about these topics. Every women and men should be tought about the topics mentioned in the course in order to have a better understanding of the life around the World for women.
You will learn SO much in so little, it is honestly amazing how by watching a few lectures and reading a few (actually a lot) of pdfs and books you can achieve so much. Eternally grateful to coursera, professor Murray and the University of Stanford
it is absolutely amazing, the course covers varieties of aspect of women's issue, and loads of materials letting me understand and learn deeply. Through this course, I developed a unique lens of women's health and rights issue and analyzing angle.
This course exceeded all my expectations. The materials and speakers are of the highest level, the platform is extremely organized and has a very self-explanatory didactic. I will definitely take more courses from Stanford University at Coursera!
Excellent course. I learned a lot of new things and my mind was opened to some new issues concerning women that I had never thought about before. There is a lot of reading and other course materials but all of it was relevant and interesting.
A very well written and resourceful program which will display both the sides of the world and will also give a overall view of the current state of woman's education, health and many other aspects drawn in their journey of life.
I had a great learning experience. I would like to thank Anne Firth Murray ma'am and other authors for providing such helpful videos and readings. I am sure that this course's certificate will definitely add stars my profile.
This class was very informative and wide-ranging, delving into issues that face women across the spans of their lifetimes, and with a focus on women and girls in developing countries. I learnt a lot and enjoyed the course.
I highly recommend this course for anyone interested in learning about health through a social sciences perspective. Great course to get an insight on international affairs, community health, activism and public policies.
This was a very good course!  I learned a lot knowledgeable information I could us in my job. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in the well-being of women's health and human rights.
Excellent course content and variety of written and video material.  I found the course mentally tough due to the nature of the subject but it can be no other way if this topic is to be presented truthfully
The course was really interesting and interactive. I gained alot that will help me in my career. Thanks to Coursera, Stanford University, Anne Firth and the whole team the enabled us to access this course
This class was very engaging and had a wide variety of learning resources, from videos to readings.  The assignments were very straight forward and allowed me to apply the knowledge I learned every week.
Excellent the course, I really liked all the topics that were addressed. I ended up very happy with all the learning acquired and getting to know many cultures and ways of working by women in the world.
Fantastic learning experience. Quite comprehensive curricula, very simple though profound contents, reliable expertise-based curatorship and coordination by Ann Murray Firth.  Thank-you so much!
A very enlightening, interesting and well-structured course that provides an excellent overview of human rights and inequality for women, and what can be done to overcome the issues raised.
Incredibly informative, insightful and well composed. Professor Murray is a pleasure to listen to and the diverse group of women she interviews throughout the course are truly inspiring.
Its a highly informative and amazing reading journey with mesmerizing literature. It will surely make one question a lot of issues and thematic area in Women's Rights and Health Issues.
Thrilled to see that this type of content is finally in Coursera. It is a topic that I believe is vital to cover and I hope that similar courses will soon be available in this platform.
It was a great experience, and I learned more than I hoped for! Very well organized, incredible readings and speakers. I fully recommend this course for anyone who believes in justice.
Excellent!! Every woman, anyone who identifies with the female gender must take this course and realize their freedoms and rights and how much more they can help with this platform!
I will recommend this course very much. I liked how it gives you a wide idea of the main issues regarding women. I would however recommend more readings on Latin America. Thank you!
beautiful, empowering and realistic. It was painful to know the reality of women in the world but I appreciate the knowledge I gained and how my reality impacts. Greetings friends!
A very informative and fun course. It really helped me a lot as a law student. Inspired and rejuvenated, I plan to write a research paper. the instructor is specially fantastic!
Great course! The readings and lectures are very interesting and it tries to cover every single relevant issue related to women's health and rights. I have really enjoyed it!
Really interesting and stimulating. Defienetly makes you think differently about the world and womens rights from the very first week. Would absolutely recommend to everyone!
Excellent course, with a lot of information about women's health and human rights in the international context. The course develops skills on human rights advocacy, too.
IN THIS ERA OF EQUAL RIGHTS ACTION AND AWARENESS (HOPEFULLY) THIS IS AN IMPORTANT COURSE.   MY THANKS TO ALL WHO HAVE WORKED TO MAKE THIS COURSE TOPICAL AND AVAILABLE.
This course was extremely enriching, engaging and insightful. I would highly recommend it for anyone involved in social work, political or social science, health etc.
Amazing and really changed my perspective and learnt so many new things of injustice on women. This motivates me to do good work for women and spread the awareness
Certainly the best course I have ever taken in the area of ​​law, I am sure that I will take it into my life, at the same time becoming a better human being.
Course is Excellent. I want to finish the course before 30th September. However, I am unable to unlock few of the assignments and quizzes. Kindly Help asap.
International Women's Health and Human Rights Exposed me and exploits me to accessible information that previously not known to me.but now fully loaded 👍
What a brilliant course!There is always more to learn. The fresh perspective provided by the course material helps the learner grow as an individual.
I absolutely loved this course. I would highly recommend to anyone. It is filled with fascinating and engaging materials on a wide variety of topics.
filled with lots of knowledge and facts ,very helpful for any person who are interested in understanding the condition of female all over the world.
Extremely well-structured and enriching course, even for expereinces humanitarian aid workers. Great resources and excellent community. Thank you!
The course was very informative and eye opener.  Iam very happy to be a part of this course.  Every topic of this course was very knowledgeable.
A fascinating, insightful and useful course. I feel grateful to have taken this and I feel empowered to go forward and continue with this work.
This course was extremely informative, the information and topics were relevant and up to date. I learnt a huge amount undertaking this course.
One of the best course I had ever watched. I am very much grateful that You gave me a chance to learn from you. It was a wonderful experience.
So insightful, and Anne Firth Murray so passionate, talenteted did an amazing course.Thank you for your love and dedication to help the world.
Exceptional course content very educative, informative and eye opening. My women health skills and human rights knowledge have been enhanced.
Fantastic and informative course which gives a well-rounded and in-depth view of women's health and it's relation to human rights issues.
Beautifully done! I loved every part of it. I think I have learned a lot in the past 10 weeks. Thank you very much for this opportunity
Amazing course, thanks for this opportunity to obtain deep  knowledge in the field of International Women's Health and Human Rights!!!
most extensive course regarding assignments,quizzes, and community engagement. Learnt  a lot about women's problems and our rights.
Everyone needs to take this course. It touches on very important topics in a rigorous but sensitive way. I would highly recommend!
Learnt so much from this course, has also inspired me to use my voice to empower both women and men to fight for gender equality.
This class is very in-depth - I learned a tremendous amount.  This course inspired me to further my studies on women's rights.
A comprehensive and informative course for those who want to change women's lives and achieve a solid progress for the world.
Very successful and supportive, and hopefully more people will understand and support women’s health and the human rights
It was a really helpful course, especially for me because I am very interested in the field of human rights for women.
Brilliant and thorough course with excellent speakers and excellent reading material. Anne Firth Murray is amazing!
Excellent course with great and helpful resources! Have learnt so much about the world around me. Highly recommend.
The entire course is well designed and resourceful to develop a consensus on a very sensitive issue of the society.
Wonderful course which helped me to understand the fact that women human rights and health are closely associated.
This is been a really good experience! I strongly recommend it to anybody who is interested in women human rights!
Great content.Great elucidation.I learnt a lot from this. Thank you Coursera. Thank you Stanford University
What an amazing course, definitely one of my favorites! Thanks a lot for this great knowledge and insights
A beautiful and insightful course that should be taken by everyone who values basic human rights for all.
Amazing course. Very interesting, with great videos and readings. I really enjoyed it and learned a lot!
I really feel fulfilled completing this course. I can't wait to begin to put my learning into practice.
Very informative! It was interesting and highly recommended to anyone interested in Women’s Rights
So informative! Absolutely loved every part of this course and was incredibly useful for my role.
Amazing course. Provides great knowledge and liberates you from the monotonous way of thinking.
it was a great learning with Stanford University. looking forward for more courses like this.
Difficult, but worth it. This is a wonderful course, well put together, and very challenging!
I enjoyed this very informative and eyes-opening course.  It is well done and very complete.
very interesting course and the professor explained every single topic in such excellent way
Very informative and worth the time and effort.  Wonderful job done by the content creators.
Great course, very intense but I learnt so many things, it has changed my view on the world.
We should know the ways and techniques which is important for human rights around the globe.
This is a course that every women should be taken it. I enjoy every topic, it was enriching
its been so educative, and I've learned so much and would certainly recommend to eveyone!
Excellent Course!The videos, readings, interviews and materials are really high quality.
Incredibly interesting course. I learned so much from the ten weeks. Highly recommend.
I've learned a new aspect of human right through this course. Thank you, Coursera !!!
One of the most relevant courses i have come across. Very happy to have completed it.
The Course material is really great and i am so glad that i was part of this course
Excellent and informative course featuring articles and videos from amazing sources
Absolutely wonderful and I honestly miss taking this class. Highly recommend it!
I learned so much...Thank you for all of this. I will no doubt carry it with me,
Great, insightful, useful course. Detailed, but not overwhelming with homeworks.
This course was very good. It was very informative and had very good materials.
Great course! I am very happy to have an opportunity to learn amazing content!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and the hard work I put in was well worth it.
Excelent course, presenting evidence and experiences from all over the world.
Incredible course I recommend to everyone. Very informative ... and current!
Learnt so much on this subject! Amazing course and interesting assignments!
This is a very well run course. I am so glad to have completed this course.
Very nice course. And the materials are very well picked and resourceful.
Very interesting course. Well structured and good materials are provided.
Absolutely loved this class.  I learned so much.  Thank you Prof Murray
Shocking but  a must attend course that will not leave you indifferent.
Was very informative and tackling the realtime issues faced by women.
The course has been very effective and the material was very helpful
Thank you very much for this valuable course, I have learned a lot!
Very informative and engaging course- I would absolutely recommend.
Amazing lecturer who made the journey through weeks so insightful!
Its worth learning. I got lots of knowledge by doing this course.
such an incredible course, Anne Firth Murray is an absolute icon!
I really enjoyed this course and learning about the human rights
An excellent course about women, children health and human right
Excellent course, highly empowering. I strongly recommend this.
A Great Journey of Learning. Loved every mile of it. Thank You.
Thanks so much for offering a wonderful and informative course!
I learnt a lot during the course. It is a wonderful course!
rightfully whisked through for maximum knowledge required.
It was a great experience and thanks for all the support.
extremely interesting and just an amazing course to take
It was an amazing course with such delightful professor.
Absolutely wonderful course. I learned many new things.
Very interesting and teached by great professionals.
One of the best learning experience I have ever had.
VERY GOOD COURSE! Excellent teacher and interviews.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I learnt a lot
A very interesting course. Very enlightening.
I am very happy to be with you, I love you.
This course is excellent and very inspiring
The most wholesome course I've come across.
excellent course. very useful for everyone!
I enjoyed every single week of the course.
This course was very informative for me.
It's a very nice course I love it 😊😊😊
This course is recommended for everybody
Amazing, thank you for the opportunity.
it was a great course i enjoy it a lot
Thoroughly explanatory and insightful.
Very insightful and educative course
It was an extremely amazing course.
Excellent class - I recommend it !
Exceptional course - thank you!
Really engaging and eye-opening
Absolutely Great and Enriching!
Thoroughly enjoyed this course!
Amazing and informative course!
Absolutely loved this course!
It literally changed my life
So in-depth and interesting!
It was inspiring, thank you
Great Course!! Must Take
Absolutely informative
very very interesting!
Excellent. Thank you.
well designed course
Course is too good
Life changing !
Worth to study!
Perfect course
GREAT TOPIC
