I found this course to be incomprehensible. The professor was rude and dismissive, when I asked for help.
The detailed explanation of proving certain claims in the course are very ambiguous, which is the reason I discontinued the course.
I disagree with the way the rubrics are designed. It should be called "think as I do"
It's fail course it's a wasting for time
this course is given by a rock star in math (prof at Stanford and behind the interesting BrainQuake). Also some interesting concepts are shared. And finally: I love math!  So why such a low rate? Because this is a very badly done MOOC from the pedagogical angle: you can't do 27-minutes video when we know that the average focus of a student is lower than that. Also don't ask for a lecture to read separately if you can't at least share the url where we can safely read it online. Finally locking the next weeks is ridiculous: let the student advancing at their pace.  So very good in terms of pure math (not a surprise since Keith Devlin is pretty famous in the math world), but very frustrating in terms of pedagogy.
I am really not sure if you need 20-30 minutes videos to explain the material - I think maybe 7-10 minutes clear with some good examples would be more helpful, I fell sleep during some of the lectures, boring, long and not sure if necessary -   on the other hand I guess 20-30 minutes is good because you learn to put up with arguments and clear them up yourself - also maybe this course was directed towards high school students thus the long explanations -Overall, as I said on the beginning,  it would work better with clear definitions and  some examples and discussion board -
This Course is only good if one has a group to study with. Online , whtatsapp, or social networking groups are not that effective. If you want to do this course make sure that you have friend or two planning to enroll with you.
all the videos and quiz are lock
Good overall, but Dr. Devlin tends to ramble in lectures rather than getting to the point.  He also seems somewhat inconsistent in how he evaluates proofs.  Since proofs and their evaluating are the core of the course I found it frustrating that there isn't more care given to clarifying what constitutes a good proof.
I really want to learn this material. I believe the module may be more improved if the videos were subdivided into smaller chunks. Passionate speaker though, theres a lot of promise here.
think differently....
completely disagree with evaluation exercises as it allows to get >= 12 points for completely wrong solution. It's better to use [0,7] based system as used in IMO. it makes more sense and checks problem solving, not ability to bullshit
A more mathematical approach to Formal Logic. Good alternative to Intro to Logic (also from Stanford) for STEM students if they don't like the format of Intro to Logic.
The skills learned in this course are useful for someone who hasn't yet reached college math (like myself) but from what other people are saying, it may be basic for someone who has passed beyond this point (ask others about this). I gave this 4 stars because though the professor is engaging and his concepts are memorable, his lectures are slightly longer than I can hold attention for and the peer review process at the end is tedious, especially for someone who doesn't know how to use Latex format.
Overall I thought it was pretty good. Explanations are straight forward, and easy to follow. Small little quizzes are given throughout videos to ensure that people are paying attention during the lessons. The only negative part is that it's clearly a class that's designed around you working with multiple people. If you don't, you won't be able to study as well. Fortunately, there are forums, but with the nature of forums, responses can range from "immediate" to "never."
Good Course, A must take for college math majors. While the course covers most of the contents, Professor should have given more attention to Proofs and Real Analysis which are assigned just  two weeks in this course.
Here you will learn the  basic skills for writing and judging proofs. At core, the taught material consists of the content of Keith Devlin's book 'Introduction to Mathematical Thinking', which is available for low fee. But at this course are come lots of students together and they can help each other at struggling through the plenty exercises which accompany the lectures. And there is also some help from several mentors.In the last week you have to write your own proofs at ten problem sets and peer reviewing them for lots of other students.negatives: Because the instructor suggested group building over the net, It happened at my course that the course participants was split to plenty small groups. And although it's a pretty good Idea that the Instructor presents the learning stuff at the videos by writing it on a small sheet with a pen, his handwriting is sometimes so terrible that it's hardly to read.
It is clear that a lot of effort has gone into developing this MOOC, with engaging content and splendid delivery by Prof. Devlin throughout. This is commendable, especially considering the course is traditionally meant for a conventional classroom and a lot of peer interaction, which is hard to simulate in a MOOC. The Rubric was a little hard to wrap your head around, and often I found my views clashing with that of the instructor (I'm sure he's right, but as a student it's not always easy to see where he's coming from. For example, if you've been lenient in your moderation and given a middling score to a proof, but he's gone on to trash the same proof)Having said that, it was a delight to learn with the Professor, who emphasizes first principles, assumes nothing, and teaches you to do the same.
Excellent, this was the course I would have needed when I started at university. I really enjoyed to puzzle arround, try to solve the problems and get my brain working. Only minus is the MOOC form, that does not allow for the assessments, which keeps the course a little low impact. Eventually, I would not have been able to take it if I would have had to invest more time ;-) . For me it was a perfect reminder to get into it again. Thanks.
I really enjoyed the course and learned a lot! It became very difficult to follow toward the end, and I thought the standard of explanation was diminished by the end of week 8 so I could no longer follow. This was reflected in my final assignment, as I was not able to complete questions 9 and 10. Thanks for a great course!
excellent course. Unfortunately i lacked the algebric basis to follow and completely understand all the exercises and examples given. I followed all lessons trough the end, but was not able to do the test flight and complete it. but i will try again in future, when my algebric skills are better
This is really an introduction to mathematical proofs after going through some formal logic and mathematical quantifiers. Keith Devlin is an excellent presenter and the problems he sets during the course all relate well to the topic he has discussed. No practical use, but thoroughly enjoyable.
I thought it was very interesting and for someone who has not taken a math course in 55+ years challenging.    I wish Professor Devlin would have explained some things to a greater extent but I suppose for most of the class, that was not necessary.
i liked following this course. i just have some minor remarks: it felt like it was a little bit too "slow" although i agree with the idea that acceding to "mathematical thining" takes time. also i found the quizzes during courses annoying.
This is an excellent course that I would strongly recommend to anybody interested in picking up some fundamental skills essential for developing a Mathematical way of thinking! Such a skill would be valuable in a range of fields.
Great course for the students who knows little about college mathematics. For those one who are already professional at university mathematics, this course is very easy to follow but still benefits students form many aspects.
From my understanding so far; it's a good course that lets you quantify your basic logical thinking ability and understand your work areas if you're looking at understanding the beautiful world of mathematics.Happy Learning
Great course for those who might want an additional understanding of mathamatical logic and number theory. For me its was challenging, but I learned essential math patterns and basic skills I wish I got in High School.
I am happy to learn Math from the beginning of the beginning. Moreover, if this course was read for me at school, I am sure that I could have much more closest relations with math:)
Course is great but it is difficult to print assignments in PDF because printers is not accessible by everyone. It is better when all assignments use coursera platform.
Nice course overall. It makes you do and achieve what it says, so if you want to learn mathematical thinking that is the best introductory course for you.
some of the functionality of the coursera site makes accomplishing tasks cumbersome, specifically week 9, but overall a great introduction to the topic.
A brilliant course must-take course, all that it needs is a little polishing up to cater for the very short attention span that today's netizens have.
Really nice course, with many insightful and inspiring point. However, this course should be marked as "beginners" because it's too easy...
I'm listening this course to improve my English in domain of math. Course is a little bit boring but pleasant to listen :)
A class that could help with building a logical mathematical thinking mode and give a new sight/way to learn.
Really great way to deliver lectures and make us wow in building ability to think differently in mathematics.
Only the last unit was hard to understand, as I think it wasn´t well explained. I recommend this course.
Pretty awesome. I learned a lot. It wasn't easy, as this was mostly new material. Fascinating stuff.
A very enjoyable introduction to proofs, number theory, and some real analysis.
Good course. Have learned a lot along the way, more than only mathematics.
It was really nice... I hope there will be the second part of this course.
Excellent course, introducing a difficult concept very well
It's very mind blowing approach for studying math.
will update my review after finishing the course
A good course to strengthen the foundations.
i enjoyed and learned the course
I was expecting something more
good and well thought
My love for Mathematics in the past few years is like the electrocardiogram (Điện tâm đồ) of a near-death patient, which is peaceful as the surface of a calm lake. This does not annoy me at all, despite for the fact that I used to be called the smartest one in class, in this specific topic particularly. Then, how did I end up like this? Fortunately, Professor Keith Devlin points out that this is not exceptional. It is not true that people are born to be good or bad at math by default, and keep up the trend till they die. In fact, there is always a transformation in mathematical thinking from high school to university level, that almost no one was told when they were students. Moving from being taught a fixed set of techniques to solve a problem, now you are asked to be able to abstract things and reason about it, which naturally confuse learners. To prepare for such transformation, this is the exact course you need.  My personal opinion: I wish that I have taken this course 5 years ago, so I can learn a bit more about Algebra. First year undergraduate students, mark my words: take it!.  Course review: In the first half of the course, Professor teaches the importance of understanding the primitive mathematical notations, how careful you should be when formulate a problem, and do not rush when attack it. The quizzes successfully demonstrate the second and third points.  In the second half, it's amazing to see how one can derive mathematical reasoning solely from the truth tables, and apply it to produce appropriate techniques to solve problems. Only now that I know it's not black magic when somebody choose an arbitrary value that I have no idea where it comes from in a proof. In the last 2 weeks, he gives us a few touch on set theory and real analysis, the two subjects that I suddenly feel attracted to, not to mention his sense of humour when introducing them ;)  Notably, throughout the whole course, Professor shows us how to evaluate a proof, and I do learn a thing or two about it. As he always says, the point of a proof is 1) establising the truth and 2) explaining it for the readers, math will be interesting once you learn its way of thinking.  I now feel more ready than ever to read a mathematical problem; specifically, where to look for in the beginning of a proof, and the abstract idea of how the authors come up with their chain of deduction. Thank you so much Professor.
I love this course.I cried of the
emotion when Dr. Keith explained the meaning of the Implication. I'm
35 and I did not know that. After week 2, all things that I have
learned before of this course became make sense.You should take this course. It’s a new way of thinking about
things.This course is like one of the greatest pieces of classical music
if you like the classical music. 
If you want to take the course, I recommend
that you take it in advance. I recommend seeing the material slowly.
Some parts require some effort. Please do the exercises and
review the forum group.
In the last lecture, based on what he previous taught, the professor give us the definition of limitation which is the beginning of the Calculus. I wish I taken this course before university.
Great course, it's really shows the way how to think in mathematical rigor. It gave me an intuition about what Mathematics is itself. Thank you Profesor Keith Devlin, you  are a great teacher !
This is
by far the best course of mathematics on Coursera! The
content was spread evenly, it includes everything that is required for a
student to read and understand mathematical theorems. Concepts such as
implications, equivalence, quantifiers are clearly and concisely explained, I
am sure even for people who are learning university mathematics for the first
time, the lectures are very easy to understand. That
being said though, as in any university math courses, solely listening and
taking notes in the lecture could not make you a decent grade. The most
important material provided by this course is the assignment, which is provided
at the ‘download’ tab at the bottom of the video. The assignment deliberately
included confusing examples and counterintuitive facts to trick people who have
misunderstandings in their concepts, and detailed explanations for harder
questions were provided as well. I love how professor Devlin reason as well: he
proceeds very carefully, writing down what he speaks in every argument, and
then translate it to symbols in mathematics.  I found
that technique very efficient as I tackle the assignment problem. If you want
to get out most from the course, remember to complete all the assignment and
check your answer by asking your friends / in the forum! The
test flight peer-assessment is also a very enjoyable experience, looking at
other MOOC-mates attempting to prove the same questions enables me to learn
more on how to improve presentation style when writing as a mathematician. Overall,
this is a very interesting course for people who loves mathematics, it serves
as a transition from high school mathematics to university mathematics as well.
Highly recommended to people who wants to know more about what university
mathematics looks like!
Really great course. It's aimed at high school students, but I found it valuable even as a college graduate who has taken several math classes but never had a formal introduction to how to think about proofs. I wish I was able to take this class when I was an undergrad.
An awesome course.  Very easy to follow at the start, becomes more challenging at the end.  I have a PhD in economics yet I struggled with the real analysis at the end.  And that's just intro level!  :-D
This course is great because it teaches you the foundations of mathematical thinking, namely how to write rigorous and concise proofs. I really enjoyed the course and would recommend it to a friend.
I was interested in mathematics till high school. But after that in engineering we have to learn Applied Mathematics(AM) and which is quiet boring for me. Due to these type of mathematics , I decided not to learn math anymore. But this course was very intuitive and focuses more on thinking and logical steps rather than computational parts. Now I love math more than I used to love before Engineering. I will definitely learn more mathematics because of enormous interest in this field. THANK YOU Prof. Keith Devlin for this course. Since,  you're the reason why I love Mathematics. Sorry for English because it is not my native language. Sir please reply to my review if you have time :) .
This was a great course. I've studied Mathematics independently for most of my career (I am a Software Engineer) but I always struggled with the less formulaic aspects of the field. I could memorize the quadratic formula, but I couldn't derive it. I could remember properties of real numbers, but couldn't provide an original proof to save my life. After taking this course, I'm now confident enough to reason about numbers, write effective proofs, and generally think more critically and abstractly about Mathematics. I'm looking forward to continuing to study the field, now with more confidence and practice!
Great course !  Provided new skills on how to think about maths and improved my overall confidence with the subject.  I feel like I can go further in the study of mathematics thanks to this.
Professor Keith Devlin wrote and participated in this course for some years. He has stepped away from it since (he explains why in a post on  https://mooctalk.org/ ) but the course remains a valid educational experience. I return to it every so often, mainly to have a go at answering other learners' questions on the discussion forums - which is a learning experience in itself- and try out different approaches to proof-writing. I can do this because the course has a peer-review element at the end, where your work will be read and reviewed by other students. If a given approach is faulty, difficult to follow or contains a mistake that you have over-looked, one of your fellow students will pick up on it. This might sound daunting but, ultimately, it is a much better deal than just satisfying yourself. A third aspect of this course which is challenging is that you are also assigned the task of reviewing other people's work, which is a surprisingly difficult thing to do well - your target is complete and constructive feedback, with each of your grading decisions  explained and sound advice given - that demands a thorough understanding of the course material and also of the traps and pit-falls which  are all too easy to fall into and which can, ultimately, demotivate a student if they fall foul of one and you, as the reviewer, are not 'on their side' .
The content of this course is very helpful. It explains the fundamentals of college mathematics, and the possible confusions about symbols. I'm not sure if it can clear all my confusions about symbols, but the light weight of the content has captured the gist of college mathematics. Even after I have graduated from college for 7 years and have rarely used something like partial differential equations, this course brings all the math I learnt back to life in a few hours. I also recommend following Prof. Keith Devlin's twitter. Although there's a bunch of political content in his tweets, reading them can help you get closer to the mind of the author,  and get the sense of reality besides this MOOC.
I am not familiar with the material and consider this course as a baby step into a completely new language, a journey in a world of thinking that shows our education system fails to inform and develop logic and rational thinking at the basic levels.  At 67, I should have the basic knowledge to complete this course with ease. It reflects on the substance, or lack thereof, of the education system and the quality of teachers. Given the time, the effort and the patience of good teachers, every reasonable thinking person ought to be able to manage these basic skills.  Thank you, Professor, for sharing your knowledge, it has been a great discovery for which I am immensely grateful.
An excellent course from an outstanding educator.  The first few lectures should be of interest to anyone who wishes to think and communicate in a logical manner —including anyone alienated by high-school mathematics.  The remainder of the course is a solid preparatory foundation for anyone considering a university mathematics degree but is also valuable more widely for the sciences, engineering and emerging technology-based subjects like data science.  I took a physics degree (and later a PhD) nearly forty years ago, and while I had a good high-school mathematics background, I wish I'd had something like this in addition.
Keith did really great course for those who missed formal proofs method at school or at university. I wish I had this course in high school or in my first college year. Math, unlike to other STEM disciplines, is based not on experimental confirmations, but on the chain of logical steps (aka proofs). Keith explains and teaches you how it all works. I strongly reccommend to everybody who wants to establish truly solid background in maths and then be able to study it further in his required directions. Really enjoyed. Universe is very beautiful and math is such an astonishing side of it. Keith is amazing.
Excellent course. Many important mathematical concepts are covered during the course, such as proof techniques, quantifier handling, logical and mathematical thinking and objectively assessing other people’s work. The pace of the lectures as well as the variety of topics is good. The final chapter might be a little out of some students’ comfort zone, especially since the prof takes a deep dive quite quickly, but remains interesting nevertheless. Highly recommended.
The course was interesting and challenging. Professor Devlin did a very good job of explaining the material and, while I appreciated that he did not want to lead us by the hand, it would have been helpful to have all the assignment and problem set answers available somewhere. I went into the class knowing nothing of higher level mathematics or proofs and am interested in learning more. I would be interested in a followup course focusing on proofs.
A truly amazing course that gives the student an excellent taste of mathematical thinking and makes even those who hate mathematics understand its depth. A special thank you to Dr. Keith Devlin for teaching this course and giving me a true glimpse into university level mathematics, but also to Coursera for giving me the ability to be an active student in such amazing courses. I hope that more courses like this are to follow in the future.
This is an excellent preparation for higher pure maths study. It's essentially an introduction to proofs - building them and assessing them.It's worth looking at, even if you think you know this stuff. If it's 10 years since you graduated, it's still worth working through, to get your mind in order; if you think you are comfortable with the material, watch the videos at high speed to save time, until you start failing the quizzes :)
What anyone could ask for in a basic proofs course: logic, proofs, induction, some application of what they learned to higher mathematics. I like the idea of teaching a bit of abstract algebra right away, but this course goes with some basic results of analysis (probably for the low-hanging surprising results in analysis). Nice job!Grading proofs was subjective, but keep in mind the threshold to pass a quiz is very low.
I work in the digital visual effects industry as a developer and wanted to understand scientific papers better. Searching the the for solutions, I came across this course. It is very well structured and offers tons of materials to work with. You can test yourself with quizzes, assignments and problem sets throughout the course.I can only highly recommend it .
It has help evaluate what I put into decision in any applicable context. Since I've noted what decision I make and how outcome can be made to vary when I consider all components in a isolated manner.
It was an amazing course! Lots of interesting content. The content is also explained really well, i found it really easy to understand. The assessments are a little challenging, but reasonably sized.
Some work is involved and probably a good ideas to start on assignments earlier then later, but it's really thought through material that is being presented and great concepts.
Touches the foundamental parts of mathematics. Really helped with my mathematical thinking.
First of all, thank you very much for this masterpiece. This is the most challenging course I've ever had on the Coursera. One more comment on the final peer review assignment: the question about whether 0 is a natural number.Only after taking this course and doing some research on the Internet do I realise that there's a lot of argument on this question. I am a college student from China, and I major in physics, rather than mathematics. For me, the statement "0 is the least natural number" is a fact that was written in my primary school's textbook. So I was quite surprised when I was told that 0 is not a natural number. After searching on the Internet, I finally got more knowledge on this. Fortunately I was not supposed to lose too much on that. However, I do recommend that you make this clear in the course content so that everyone can discuss under a common assumption, regardless of their background education.Above all, this course experience is a lot of fun. There's no standard answers here, only remarkable thinking and a space of infinity to explore. Thank you for all of it! I'm giving 23 out of 24 marks for this course, taking away 1 point for clarity about whether 0 is a natural number.
I work in publishing and have absolutely no day-to-day brush with Mathematics but since I had a high school background in the subject, I wanted to make contact again. This course served my purpose perfectly. The instructor, Dr. Devlin, has provided very detailed lectures and he never makes the subject boring. The in-lecture quizzes are a big help to keep your attention in check. I was a bit apprehensive of the course content as I'm not from the United States and wondered if it would make sense to me, given my limited knowledge. But I stand corrected; it was easy to follow. From structure to progression, this is indeed value for money. I'd highly recommend it!
It really was a different perspective to mathematics, and I enjoyed working with proofs and entering the world of mathematicians where even simple problems may have rigorous proofs. It was novel to view how these fundamental proofs have shaped the current state of mathematics today. Dr Keith Devlin was very efficient at teaching and I understood everything in the course and trusted his method even when the beginning weeks were very simple because he felt really knowledgeable and reliable. I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in mathematics or wants to explore another side of mathematics that we wouldn't ever see in school.
This was a return to mathematics for me after many years (I am in my late 60s). I completed modules in mathematics during my psychology degree and throughout my career had to use statistics for research purposes. The course has reawakened my interest and revealed something that I have overlooked, that deep down I have a love for mathematics! The course tutor is outstanding, both in clarity, sense of humour and in having a kindly approach that inspires confidence. It is not an easy course and it certainly requires effort, but the reward for the effort is that what seems initially obscure gets quite a bit clearer and appreciation grows.
This is a very well designed course which is essential for mathematicians as well as for  those who  want to use mathematical way of thinking (which is needed in most of the subjects ) in their life. It prepares a sound base for the ones who have mathematical aptitude  but could not study mathematics in their life . In fact thinking mathematically is the modern and most effective way of dealing with the situations at hand and this course is most suited for this purpose. Thanks to the entire team of professors and others who have developed this course.
It was an amazing course! Lots of interesting content. The content is also explained really well, i found it really easy to understand. The assessments are a little challenging, but reasonably sized.  Good to learn this course as it really helps me to open up my mind to opt for different approaches of an answer rather then getting the actual answer....  You should take this course. It’s a new way of thinking about things.This is by far the best course of mathematics on Coursera!Thank you Profesor Keith Devlin, you are a great teacher !
What a humbling course. I learned I'm not nearly as intelligent as I thought I was. Most of the content was doable with some effort. The most problematic was the content near the end about real analysis.The course is all about mathematical proofs: expressing thoughts precisely, how to write proofs, how to reason, and grading proofs written by others. I didn't think that's what I'd be doing when I enrolled.My one suggestion for the course is chop up the videos (averaging 30m each) into a bunch of shorter videos.
The one thing that was a problem for me was the last week, the scoring of peers was presented to me PRIOR to the videos working through solutions and "training" me to score those particular questions.  Therefore, I did those tasks out of order.  I believe for the second and third peers, their scores were fine, but the initial peer was rooked.  Reflecting, they should have earned an overall score closer to 46 than the 33 attributed.  If there was someway to remedy that...Thank you.
Extremely interesting with nice and lucid explanation. This 9 weeks' learning journey is thoroughly knowledgeable and mathematics has become my favorite subject after completion of this course. Advise my fellow students to make best use of this course and come out of fear in order to learn mathematics. Extremely grateful for helping me earning first online course from the reputed Stanford University.Thanks and Regards,G. SAI YASHWANTH, INDIA
This is a great course on mathematical thinking. It covers important topics such as: the mathematical language, logic, number theory, real analysis.These topics are presented in a clean and concise way by Dr. Devlin, and I highly recommend this course to any person interested in mathematical thinking, how to read and understand mathematical proofs, and for those interested in pursuing a mathematical career.Thank you professor Devlin.
With consistent effort, I have found this course to re-ignite my passion for mathematics. Keith Devlin, the instructor, does an excellent job of helping us to develop our ability to think in mathematical and logical ways. In short, I have found a new joy and excitement for doing mathematics, even stuff I consider hard. I have a new-found passion and new "eyes" for maths that I didn't have before. Excellent course!
It is very good course that teaches simple at first glance concepts that later evolve to something more complex. Mr. Keith Devlin is very charismatic professor who knows his material very well and passes his energy and enthusiasm to students. One minor notice about the real numbers material, in my opinion it is too brief and needs slightly more time to be understood by many students.
Thank you for the course, it really helped me understand more about thinking skills. Another benefit of the course for me , was understading mathematical symbols used in some foreign countries, since the ones unsed in this course were not the ones i have using during my scholarity(in France and Morroco) [for the negation of a statement for example]. Thank you again :)
I'm in my last week of this course.  I like this course very much, and the assessment of how many hours I needed to study gave me a reference point. I enjoyed the lectures online, the tutorials helped me to understand the professor Devlin.  I definitely recommend this course, I'm thinking about taking another course relative to Introduction to Mathematical Thinking.
5/5Although I am really familiar with all the course materials and etc., I could still learn a thing or two from this course. Or in another words, the "Mathematical Thinking".The quiz itself is not that challenging or hard, but there are a lot to ponder on with the assignments! Try to complete the course with a friend or two, and you will even get out of this.
This well-designed course casts light on some essentials of mathematics as well as fills some gaps between high-school-level and university-level mathematics (esp. in how to read a proof and how to catch the "big idea"). Plus, Prof. Keith is both passionate and encouraging.Highly recommend to learners who are taking first year's mathematics in university.
Wonderful and usable course. I graduated mathematics 20 years ago, and I regret I didn't have such clear and informative lessons back then when I needed them most. Even now, watching tutorials and doing exercises gave me great pleasure and some new insights into the problems and techniques I failed to catch.Thank you for your effort and dedication!
So far, this course has changed the way I think and view things. Professor Devlin's genuine enthusiasm is contagious and I love interacting with other students online. The TA is very active. There is a great interview with Prof. Devlin here: https://onbeing.org/programs/keith-devlin-the-joy-of-math-learning-and-what-it-means-to-be-human/
I think classes like these should be mandatory on colleges, for some courses at least. I think many people tend to have trouble with maths not because of the content, but because we have trouble reading and understanding its language. I think a class like this course helps to develop maths skills that helps in maths courses in general
This is a fantastic introduction to the world of college-level math. Recommended to HS students, social science majors who are quite analytical, and maybe even some STEM freshmen. While it takes considerable effort to follow the course and assignments, it's quite a learning experience, and I with I had taken it earlier in my life.
Excellent course! Started off slowly and methodically laying the foundations for successive lessons. Prof. Devlin explains, demonstrates and allows one to "hear" him think through solutions. My math skills got stronger, but more importantly, my approach to the logic of mathematical thinking can be transferred to other disciplines.
I get a new thinking in Mathematics. Now, i get a new approach to tackle mathematical problems.I learnt some new different methods to prove the theorems and get a paradox(in which we have proved 1 = 2) that give me a new sight to see a problem.I realise "Mathematics does not depend upon solution, it depends upon a process".
This course is a fun, thorough and thoughtful introduction to the basics of mathematical thinking. I've used it as a supplementary course for series of seminars for philosophy of mathematics. The peer-review assignment is a brilliant way to grasp the difference between solving a problem and thinking about solving a problem.
I just want to say thanks to Prof. Keith Devlin. I have never been quite comprehend the proof techniques and usually have to prove statements arithmetically directly. Thanks to this course, I finally see how I can approach the problems more systematically, thus being able to find the answers faster and more consistently
A great assignment-based introduction to discrete math with an emphasis on communication and thinking. This is a course to improve how you approach problems, and although it provides highly useful skills for university math courses, the disciplined thought process outlined in the course is applicable to the real-world.
Great course for someone trying to get back in touch with college level mathematics after working professionally and/or more usually, someone trying to get started on graduate level mathematics. Dr. Devlin is quite a thorough professor and I wish I had more professors like him during my undergraduate years as well.
I did not learn much new facts, but the course helped to structure and put in order what I already was familiar with and what I could remember from school and university. This was an interesting, productive, and thought-provoking experience. I believe it will motivate me to further work on my mathematics skills.
The course name itself is a importance not only for individual but for the world. The development of Mathematic can significanly boost if we not only know calculate, how to calculate the formation, but know how to think (Mathematical Thinking). Huge potential course that can change our community! Thank teacher!
Excellent instruction and pacing. As a veteran Professional Engineer, I found the course challenging and informative. I enjoyed especially the real-world examples. I would recommend this course to anyone with a desire to discover the fundamental principles of number and set theory. Elmer A. Norvell, PhD, PE
it is a very fantastic course which improves our ability of thinking. It is a easy course at the beginning but little bit challenging  in last weeks of this course also assignments some how hard but overall course is very fantastics and also well design. Thank you sir  Dr.Keith Devlin for your guidance .
The 9-week mathematical journey taught me a lot and made fall in love with mathematics back again. I wish , I had worked harder and earned a better grade but commitments to my family and job did not let me do so. I await for another opportunity to get tutored by Dr. Keith Devlin and Stanford Univ. again
My true thanks to Standford University staff that made this course happen. I believe, this course is a firm stepping stone toward many sorts of precise sciences. With this course, one may: 1) improve  consistency in reasoning; 2) learn accurate word usage; 3) get to know a bunch of smart people.
This course is extremely good. I just got out of High school and the vision of mathematics this course gave me is totally different. My way of reasoning certainly changed and now I can recognize the importance of the use of language when comunicating, does not matter in what way it's been doing.
I never appreciated math or thought myself capable of doing math well. Now I am excited about real numbers and integers and solving puzzles! This course was a great life experience, and I am indebted to Prof. Devlin for the excellent design and meaningful principles that he put into the course.
just an awesome course that anyone should take. Since I began in this course, I saw mathematics in a new way that is more brilliant and effective, also my grades at the university goes up as well as my understanding of math and science materials.Professor Keith Devlin will make you love math!!
This was a very good course which helped me to increase my horizons in the field of mathematics. I am no longer intimidated by the complex looking symbols and am able to make statements precise. I also do not rush to find an answer through a structured methodology. Prof. Devlin was superb.
This course starts slowly and clearly with the beginner in mind. I had to refer to other on-line material to really grasp the concept of the material conditional. Nonetheless this is a fantastic course, and any person starting a rigorous study of mathematics should take this course.
The course is really awesome and very much help full, as a student I can say every students that they want to go to universities they should join to this nice course which is provided by the coursera the best plat form for education. Thank you for providing such a help full course.
The Introduction to Mathematical Thinking is a very profound and intuitive course. My favourite part of this course was on the opportunity given to evaluate other student's work, this gave me an opportunity to see other approaches and methods of solving different problems.
It is a very interesting course and over my expectation on what I could learn from  the course. Apart from various technique taught in the course for solving mathematical problem, as Dr said, the most interesting thing learnt is the way of thinking to approach the problem.
This course has really changed my way of thinking towards life in general, and Mathematics in particular. I feel every student above the age 14 should take this course, not just once, but should repeat it every year or so! Thank you Coursera. Thank you Professor Keith!
As an aspiring physicist, this class helped me a lot. I didn't learn any actual physics in this course, but I was able to develop a sense of what to pay attention to when tackling advanced math texts and topics to advance my career. Great summer activity.
The most amazing and unique course on mathematics! I absolutely love it even though it was immensely challenging as the instructor said. But it is really helpful in letting one think in a very different yet effective way through the lens of mathematics!
Excellent course to understand how Math "works". The concepts are introduced very gently and clearly. The only thing I would say is that a basic level of high school algebra is needed to do this course and must be specified up front (maybe I missed it).
In this course we are given "permission" to take the time to think about a problem over time and let a solution formulate in our minds. It is not easy to find that time in the real world but this course demonstrates that it is worth striving to get it!
It took me 10 months to complete this. it's fundamental in today's day an age. it was a humble step back to basics, with many comebacks. I recommend to anyone which looks to better enhance his thinking in all walks of life.The teacher is a funny guy :)
An excellent course, well-designed and well-taught. Prof Devlin made the content, examples and quizzes very interesting and enjoyable. The technical aspects of the platform were handled well making the learning that much more easy and non-distracting.
Great course from talented teacher. I really enjoyed it. You have to think hard in this course, some exercises were ok for me, some were too hard. But everytihing was interesting. And information about mathematical notation and logic was very helpful
The course is awesome! It helped me to recall a lot of stuff from university mathematics. Most importantly, it let me look at everything I knew, from a different point of view, get deeper insight. Great thanks to Dr. Keith Devlin - awesome teacher!
Approachable for pretty much anyone and actually complemented a lot of later university math by going into more detail.  This is an assignment heavy course, which I liked, but requires a lot more effort than other MOOC (it was worth it though!).
It was a really interesting course up until the end. The way in which language can be ambigious has never been as clear to me. This course wasn't just about math but more or less the world as a working place where you have to make it work.
really great course and really great professor, the course made me smarter at writing better proofs and thinking in more formal and smarter ways, it's really an essential course if you are looking to become smarter in all sorts of manner.
Clear and understandable description about proofs and theorems represented by Dr.Devlin, I had an enjoyable and fruitful learning experience. I strongly recommend this course to those who will enter univerisity or college sooner or later.
This was one of the best online courses I have ever enrolled in. The experience was sublime. It was very well structured; easy to follow instructions and really provided with me an understanding of the skills needed in logical reasoning.
Really changes the mindset! A new way of looking at evidence. I understood the principle of mathematical induction, why it allows to obtain true conclusions. Everything is clear and easily explained. Many thanks for the course!
Thank you for this course! It is slowly building your new thinking. So dont rush, just take time and let your new thinking grow from the smallest math concepts. It is pretty fantastic what your work is done for me! Thank you!
Course is well explained. Course should come in two flavour i.e. fast pace course and more advanced for those who have already studied this course in college ,but want to revise it from coursera and this is best for beginner
It helped to review and recall all the old content, Was able to get new insight of Natural Number Systems, Quantifiers , Mathematical Reasoning, Sequence,etc.The Videos, Quizzes, Assignments ,Peer Review were eye openers..
A detailed and thorough course presented in an understandable fashion. It helps you develop critical thinking and problem solving skills by getting you to think in different ways as a mathematician. Highly recommended.
I found this course a great refresher and it helped me fill a lot of gaps that had developed in my ability to understand advanced mathematics. The course helped me move faster with my study of ML and AI algorithms.
This course really helped me notice the subtleties of simple mathematical things in nature and even in daily life which we take for granted or assume to be true. This was my first course and it was a good decision
A fantastic course , professor Keith was extraordinary , I am currently pursuing my Bsc. in Mathematics and this is one course that I recommend for all the students who see their future in fields of mathematics
This was a really good course, making you "think" in general and in particular about mathematical proofs. The professor's exposition was outstanding. The explanation of evaluation of proofs was really nice.
I wish I had a class like this in high school.  It would have been a great class between algebra and calculus.  Should be required for every high school student.  I plan on reviewing this class many times.
Exceptionally good course, one of the best online courses I've completed. Really feel that I have learnt some valuable skills, and more importantly a better way of thinking about mathematics. Many thanks.
This course was really useful. I learnt so much! I could appreciate why mathematics is such a beautiful subject by the end of this course. Definitely glad to have taken this course, and would recommend.
This is an excellent course, which provides insights into how mathematicians think about proofs.  The exercises are not hard, but they do require careful thought.  This is a well constructed course.
Top lecturer and top lecturers. Must admit, i had to work harder this time for it to really understand. Happy I took the energy to find again my passion for mathematics in a way i really enjoyed.
Started off fairly simple, but as you progress throughout the weeks, it gets challenging. This course has taught me critical thinking, and skills that can be applied to other subjects/modules
Great course! Highly recommend it to all my friends interested in math. Devlin is a talented teacher, not just a mathematician (as it usually happens with someone who happen to teach math).
I have to say I enjoyed the course and the reading materials. My advice would be to take the course it will make you think. It is a great refresher / introduction to mathematical thinking.
It is nice to see connections among mathematical theories, and this course it is very well designed to accomplish this. I highly recommend if you want to improve your mathematical skills.
i just had taken this course in the college and i don't understand a lot of things but after i started in the course a lot of thinking going to be more clear , thank you for this course .
With the help of this course, my grade for fundamental mathematics at school raised from C to A. Really thankful. This course truly helped me better understand the abstruse conceptions.
Great course to learn how to develop proofs and mathematical / logic arguments. The course very start seems too basic, but there are many interesting concepts being developed further.
We are still in the early days of MOOCS. Prof. Devlin Makes sure that you get the best possible education despite the limitations of the platform. You'll really learn something here.
One of the best online course i have ever taken. Thanks to Keith sir for explaining all the concepts so engagingly and in detail. Looking forward for course's like this on coursera.
This course actually changed my life. It gave me the courage to start studying mathematics at a university. Thank you so much, Dr. Keith Devlin and the team at Stanford University!
The course is a really good introduction into the world of mathematical proofs and the logic behind them. Really, everyone will benefit from the way of thinking the course teaches.
Here are three benefits i found after taking this courseThis course helps improve your logical reasoning, prepares you for future maths classes and also helps you in programming.
This is a very important course on the journey to mathematical mastery. It helped in developing the ability to read and write mathematical statements without feeling intimidated.
Great course. It ramps up quite steeply towards the end but is arranged to still be doable by someone like me, who will have to work more on even the introductory real analysis.
The course is really helpful and easy to understand. It has helped me greatly by improving my understanding of the subject and helped me improve my way of writing mathematics.
What a nice course! I like the logic, interesting and vivid process in this course. I am appreciated to the professor and I will review what I have learned in recent days.
Keith Devlin is a perfect teacher! I wish I could learn under him in real life. Fantastic course for high school seniors who want to study university level mathematics.
As the name suggests, it is a great introduction to the world of mathematics. No unecessary pressure, which makes it an enjoyable experience for those willing to learn.
Hard work but worth it. I get the feeling I now know something about what maths is about. Brilliant teacher, although I didn't realize this until completing the course.
Great course. Really teaches you how to think. If you are making the transition to college mathematics. I would highly recommend this course. It could not get better>
great course that make you able to establish proofs and use mathematical notations also it help you in some branches of math like number theory and real analysis.
Only one word: Brilliant.Take this course if are aiming to become a Mathematician. You will not regret it. It's absolutely must for all who are entering college.
A lot of much time spent on simple things and no enough example with answers to make sure we understand the exercise. (sorry no precise example available handy)
This course convinced me of enrolling for a college degree in mathematics, I don't think I can say much more. Thanks to professor Devlin for this amazing work.
Very dedicated teacher. Very clear and neat teaching method.The teacher solves a lot of good examples by himself and this makes the course very understandable.
Sometimes challenging, but very interesting and fascinating course! Keith Devlin is a talented professor and his way of describing topics is well-constructed.
Very useful for knowing the basics of number theory and to think mathematically. Slow and Steady wins the race! Concepts explained with good explanation.
Wonderful Course. A great distraction from the Covid19 virus. Much more interesting and exciting than Netflix. Thankyou to all involved in its creation.
It's a pretty good course. I learnt a lot. I hope Stanford open more math courses in math field, such as Number Theory, Analysis, and Abstract Algebra.
You don't learn math only; you learn the techniques of logical reasoning.This course is evaluable and helps me become a more effective thinker.
Such a delight having followed this course... it was a real pleasure to think differently other than usual... thinking mathematical for once...
Τhe lecturer of the course is quite explanatory. The course material is quite well organized with methodical steps in explaining the concepts.
Great lectures that broke down intimidating concepts to be understood easily. I already feel the impact on my thinking. Thank you Professor!
Dr. Devlin is very passionate about mathematics and it comes through in his teaching. This is a great course overall and very challenging.
It is a nice course to learn how mathematicians write proofs. Also how to think in logical way. Great course for maths enthusiasts like me
best professor i every seen and this course introduction to mathematical thinking is perfect for those whose loves magic of mathematics .
The precision and elegance of Mathematical thinking is realised in this course - the Essence without the intimidation of the subject
Thanks for the extraordinary amazing course!Especially for sharing your passion for math with us!I just loved studying these weeks!
I'm sure that I will come back to this course! Thank you very much Profesor Devlin! You are a great teacher! Greeteing from Poland!
This was a really helpful course because it mainly focused on the basic concepts that is to be understood necessarily. Thank you.
Really beautiful course. This one finally got me out of the "I can not read and understand mathematical notation" bandwagon!! :-)
A very coherent course. Looking at and evaluating proofs was a very good way to develop a deeper sense of mathematical arguments
Very inspiring and educational course. Keith Devlin is a very good professor. Very nice assignments. Fun and challenging to do!
Thanks, I think is a great course because  also you learn about mathematical thinking and you learn  the form of others learn.
It's good course to get back into mathematics and consolidate the fundamental notions to pursue higher level mathematics study
This is the first course I've finished in Coursera....It really is a great and wonderful course.Learned a lot from the course
A useful and good course for common development.
The name of the course corresponds to the topic.
My wish was fulfilled.
It was sooo good!!! Being a 13 year old, I have not learnt everything I needed to but understood everything perfectly!
Good for developing basic abilities like how to structure your proof, develop thinking through a well defined proof
Engaging course, very interesting for someone who is willing to learn patiently. Thank you professor Keith Devlin!
This course gave me a number of bright ideas about the extraordinary approaches, when you solving complex problems
Great course, really challenges you to think outside the box and to apply techniques in a different perspective.
It helped me quite a lot to start working with mathematics without feeling fear of these strange alien symbols.
Excellent Explanation and Course Structure from Professor Devlin. Thank you very much for these great 9 weeks!
The course is very intellectually challenging. But it is only be being challenged that you improve the most.
A fantastically challenging and stimulating course that will help you learn to analyse problems in new ways.
brilliant lectures! Very easy to follow and quizzes and problem sets are very helpful. Fantastic professor!
Outstanding course. More dots were connected and a new and improved way of thinking emerged along the way.
Excellent course. I really recommend it to anyone that want to improve their overall thinking abilities.
Fantastic job. I wish I had an opportunity to watch something like that back in high school. Thank you.
A useful course to do if you want to go into some more discrete mathematics (proving things) after :)
It's mind blowing.Course is well structured, pace is doable and dr. Keith is pleasure to listen to.
Excellent introduction which teaches the rigour necessary for a mathematics degree extremely well.
very interesting course that help you to start thinking in a no ambiguous way and out of the mold.
Best math teaching I ever enjoyed. If I could I would take up stuying the subject with Dr. Devlin.
This is really a great course, I can feel lot of difference in my programming skills, Thank you..
oldfashioned enthousiastic presentation of basic skills in mathematics; i really liked this class
Amazing, very introductory. I have fallen in love with how amusing math can be with this course.
A great introduction to mathematical reasoning, proof structures and elementary number theory.
I only finished class 1 so far and I found myself love it and want to continue to learn more.
One of the best courses that I took. Its a must for any beginner into university mathematics.
This course is just excellent. I want to thank organisers of the course for their great work.
This an excellent course it provides The beauty of the most precise language of the universe.
Keith Devlin is an amazing mathematician.  I would love to take other MOOG courses with him!
Great Course, great instructor! Highly recommended, makes you appreciate maths a lot more :)
An excellent course. Sometimes I've had some difficulties, but I've learnt so much. Thanks.
this is very nice course , i learn new think about math and learning. And awesome teacher .
Good course.Easy at first but more difficult after the middle.Many thanks to the professor.
this course is what people stupid like me need to make the world a better reasonable place
Very informative course I  will recommend to all my friends. Thank you professor Devlin.
Really great course ! Totally changed my mind in mathematics and even in everyday life !
Really nice course to review some mathematical reasoning and practice some proof writing
Great course.  Fun and engaging.  Drives home the importance of using precise language.
I loved this course.  I was afraid of proofs and now feel confident in writing my own.
Excellent Course, great explanations by Keith and fun assignments! I've learnt a lot.
There is a lot of stress on thinking over mechanically doing. Very enjoyable course.
Great course. I think everyone irrespective of their majors should take this course.
Excellent course for anyone to improve college level mathematics to the next level.
I learned about a lot of symbols, and now I am introduced to mathematical thinking.
This is a really good course and very structured and the community is really nice!
Wonderful course for students transitioning into the deeper parts of mathematics.
good course. Can even be an intro to discrete mathematics for computer scientists
Great course! I enjoyed the course very much. Learned a lot about writing proofs.
Interesting and easy to follow . But serious work required . Not for the lazy...
Very complex, but very interesting. Worthwhile the time and dedication invested.
extremely useful and helpful, actively feeds my curiosity regarding mathematics
I am no longer unable to access the course through the app though. Please help!
I really enjoy the clarity of the explanations. Good material too. Amazing job.
Good materials to give an introductory overview of mathematics in universities.
A highly motivated introduction to how mathematicians think, analyse and write!
It changing my thinking towards understanding mathematics from another aspect.
Very useful, especially for students who have just graduated from high school.
It is a very didactic course,. I wish I had concluded it earlier in my career.
This is a great course, especially the first four weeks.  Highly recommended.
the informational and best course to strengthen ur core skill in mathematics
Really excellent for all college level students and teachers of mathematics.
It was great time to learn the mathematical thinking with team. Appreciated.
Great. Learned a new view of Mathematics. Recommend this course, definitely!
Very comprehensive course, helped me understand the truth of math thinking
Looks simple initially, but makes you think very hard. Very useful course!
Indeed a vulnerable experience on exercising mathematical or logical sense
A classic amongst MOOCs! I recommend buying the suggested book by Devlin.
Fantastic course. I feel better equipped to deal with discrete math now!
Every one who has science back ground should take the course and learn.
Very good course! I wish I took one while I was still an undergraduate!
Great way to start thinking mathematically for the common simple stuff
VERY very good! it gave such a wonderful ability to deploy in science
Very useful. Mathematics is my favorite subject. I love Mathematics.
Really good course.  Instructor presented the material very clearly.
Wish I could have taken it before all my college level math classes
Excellent course ... really changed the way we approach to problems
Excellent course with which you can think like a pro mathematician.
Very important course for anybody who is interested in Mathematics.
Best course i could take. I got surprised positively in many ways
Great course! It allowed me to learn new concepts at my own pace
I have learned a lot from this course! We had a great lecturer!
One of the best courses I've take part in. Recommended for all.
Great course! Good introductory material for tackling analysis.
To put it simple, YOU GOTTA GO FOR THIS.....it makes you THINK.
very thought provoking and truly helps with my thinking skills
Great course, it's succeeded to make me thinking mathematical.
This course is so amazing specialty the instructor is so cool.
This course helps me to thinks differently in mathematics....
Incredible course, well explained, very knowledged professor.
Really good course giving a true introduction to mathematics.
An essential tool for learning,  practice rules of thinking.
An easy but useful primary course for mathematical thinking.
intersting class for high school student, also useful to me.
perfect course to understand the Real mening of Mathematics
Absolutely fantastic course for University bound students.
Excellent introduction to mathematical thinking and logic.
A fantastic introduction to university level mathematics.
This is a great course, everyone should consider take it.
Clear and complete instruction, plenty of practice assign
Lovely.. would recommend to everyone in Mathematics field
Awesome course and an Awesome teacher. Best course ever!
This course is so amazing ! And teacher is so didactic.
GreatVery interestingVery professionalExcellent teacher
Excellent introductory course! Thank you, Prof. Devlin!
Interesting and beneficial course. Very Nice Professor!
This course is excellent for beginners of mathematics.
Quite challenging but very worthwhile and satisfying,
Great Course with a talented teacher. I enjoyed it !
I loved the course,  it was beyond the imagination.
Make the math bigger!ótimo curso, simples e claro.
Very good course if you want ace undergrad maths.
it helps me to think a thing from different side.
One of the best courses i have taken on this site
A difficult course, but I learned a lot of math!
A wonderful journey through splendid mathematics
very helpful and taught to think out of the box
Really powerful course. Thanks to the authors.
It is a great course. It is deep and critical.
thank you for all your support and classmate!!
A challenging course that pushes one to grow.
Great course challenging and worth the effort
If you love maths. You must take this course.
It's inspiring, that's what I'm looking for.
A good introduction to the maths "language".
Very challenging but ultimately rewarding!
Excellent course - I really enjoyed it.
This is really a good course to come up
Inspiring and helpful for researchers.
I found this course extremely helpful
well conveyed enjoyable course, and f
This course was more than I expected
It was very helpful and so much fun
One of the best courses ever !!!!!!
I learned and enjoyed the course...
This ciyrse is highly captivating !
very challenging and knowledgeble.
Learned a lot. Amazing instructor.
Brilliant Lecturer! Thank's a lot.
It's been an enlightening journey.
Thanks for everything, Dr. Keith.
Great course to get you THINKING.
AWESOME! That's all I can say...
A great course. Learned a lot.
Enjoyable and Very Informative
great course for learning math
This course is very important.
Such an inspirational course!
A great introductory course !
Professor Devlin is awesome!
Math is fun with Dr. Keith!
Brilliant and Crystal Clear
things are getting intense
It's simply extraordinary
First course worth to pay
definitely a good course!
Very challenging course!
It was an amazing Course
Love it! Really helpful.
very good intro to maths
it is an awesome course
thinking in a new way..
smart  like that course
Absolutely brilliant.
Tough, but rewarding!
It was fantastic.
Very pedagogical
Great faculty!
Great Course.
Good practice
Classic!
thank's
