This Coursera was very usefull for students,this special theory of relativity is interesting topic,
The worst course. Very slow and unuseful
The professor is so slow I have to have him at 1.5x speed when listening to his lecture and am still falling asleep. I am very interested Special Theory of RElativity but I ll just get a book. Will be faster.
Can't believe this course is taught to Stanford students (or any college students).  The lecturer is soooo repetitive.  He tells you what he's going to tell you, then he tells you and then he recaps.  And he summarizes it all at the start of the next lecture.  And there's a separate summary lecture at the end of each week.  That said, he explains the material well.  Cut the lectures by 2/3 and you'll have a 5-star course.
The course was too simple and the derivations too slow. I expected more involved math and harder quizzes.
This course is just okay. The professor seemed nice and explained the concepts well. However it takes a painstaking long hours just to proceed to the next material(if you aren’t skipping stuff) as he just keeps over-explaining. The problems are far too easy , if you want to do relativity from a quantitative standpoint. Also,my biggest complaint is the introduction, which lasts for about 3 hours. And it takes around middle of the 2nd week to get started. I get it, make haste slow, but not to a crawl.
Rather easy questions and not many difficult ones even in the optional exercises.
It was a very informative and interesting course.
Great for people who have no background in mathematics whatsoever.
I’ve enjoyed this course, which I’ve been following during the UK’s Covid 19 lockdown. It’s kept me happily occupied and, thanks to Larry Lagestrom’s generally careful and enthusiastic exposition, I’ve finally got my head round the relativity of simultaneity and its role in explaining the ‘pole in the barn’ paradox - something I never quite managed when introduced to special relativity as a physic’s undergraduate more than 50 years ago. So, a big thank you to Prof Lagerstrom.I’ve a few reservations. First, the treatment of Einstein’s second postulate seems to be needlessly confusing. Starting in week 3, and then repeatedly throughout the course, the lecturer maintains that, by the phrase  ‘the constancy of light’, used to describe the second postulate, Einstein means that light is a wave, implying, drawing an analogy with, say, sound waves, the the existence of a ‘supporting’ transmission medium - the luminiferous ether. It’s then maintained that, somehow - I can’t follow the argument - Einstein combined this interpretation of the constancy of light with the principle of relativity to deduce that the velocity of light is constant for all observers. I’ve read the relevant bit of Einstein’s 1905 paper several times, and I just don’t think this is what Einstein is saying at all. What it actually says is: ‘Llght is always propagated through empty space with a definite velocity c, which is independent of the motion of the observer’. There’s no recourse to any sort of argument, instead, it’s simply stated as a fact - just what you’d expect for a postulate. From some of the posts in the discussion forum, it would appear I’m not the only one having difficulties with this issue.My second reservation - following on from the first - is that there’s too much time and effort devoted to the Michelson-Morley experiment. There’s no ether, the experiment was doomed to failure and all that time and effort deriving expressions for possible phase shifts - using highly questionable assumptions about the speed of the local ‘ether wind’ - could have been better spent.It’s a small point, but my last reservation is with the derivation of length contraction, which I found hard to follow. The alternative approach - using a light clock sending pulses longitudinally along a train - seems much more straightforward and follows on nicely from the transverse clock used to explain time dilation.Where I think the course really scores is in the derivation of the Lorentz transforms and the use of space-time diagrams. If you can work your way past possible early confusions and press on to these key topics,; you'll be amply rewarded for your troubles.Alongside the course I’ve read Larry Lagestrom’s book, ‘Young Einstein: From the Doxel Affair to the Miracle Year’. It’s a good read and is particularly good at explaining the content of all Einstein’s 1905 papers.
Excellent presentation, clearly explained in generic language some of the  esoteric concepts of  the Special Theory of Relativity.  In my Physics IV class, fifty years ago, we called this "Science Fiction I."  I enjoyed the course.  Only downside, I would think that a University with the standing of Stanford would produce a presentation that would use digital graphics instead of a white board and dry erase marker.  With the capabilities of computer programming, this course could be greatly enhanced in the audio/visual area.
In my view the course was a great exposure to Special Theory of Relativity and superbly conducted by Prof. Lagerstrom. I think some more rigor could be brought into as 'optional modules' and in the optional problem sets. There are some places where explanation could be elaborated or made clearer further in my view. Nonetheless for anyone who wants to know something about Special Theory (and vet intellectual appetite further), I would recommend this is a good place to start. Thank you!
At first, it really seems to be very slow paced, but latter you realize that those initial concepts were so key to the analysis and concepts in during latter lectures. The professor seemed to be very dedicated, and taught everything from the ground-up; which was really a help and thus, there does not arises a moment when you seriously struggle about the topic being discussed. HATS OFF to the professor for teaching in such a simplistic and conceivable fashion.
This was a great course which is taught by a passionate and patient lecturer. The whole 8 weeks covers the first half of Einstein's famous paper in detail. The pace can be slow, but of course you can always speed up the videos. The mathematics is very approachable - school level algebra is all you need. The only other prerequisite is a basic understanding of light and electromagnetic waves.
A comprehensive introduction to the subject, somewhat spoiled by the unrelenting reiteration of the most basics concepts in the earlier parts of the course.  A bit of a pity, since the lecturer is a fairly engaging speaker when he is not busy interrupting the flow of his argument with mind–numbing repetition.
The content is really good. The quality of the content is excellent. The instructor's pedagogical skills are excellent as well.The only criticism I have is with the length of the videos. I feel they could be shortened. Other than that, one of the best introductory courses for Special Relativity.
Not much of mathematical inclination. But the Prof. is really of high standard and he makes sure that you understand everything by the end of any topic as he will run by each topic more than once. Its an introductory course but induces a great amount of interest to learn more!
Very good introductory course, clear and well designed, with a nice emphasis on the key concepts of the special theory of relativity. The mathematical background required is very light, hence the quantitative analysis of various examples and situations is limited.
A brilliant course. I got everything I wanted to out of it by the end, but one thing I would say is that it started off a little slow, particularly in weeks 2 and 3. All things considered, a great way to build a better understanding of special relativity.
one of the best courses that I have taken so far from Coursera (and I took a lot). Easy, step by step mathematically, engaging in particular in discussion forums, Definitely recommended to anyone who has the least interest in theoretical physics!
The course gives you a good qualitative understantding of special relativity as well as the historical context in which Einstein came up with the theory. The course is easy to engage with, even if you don't have much physics knowledge.
Love the course as its a interesting insight into the world of physics.What i dont think was effective was the multiple choice quizzes as you could just glide through them without applying the knowledge you learned in any new way.
Very in Depth for if it is your first time learning. If you have already read about General and Special Relativity it doesn't tell you very much more than what you already know. Either way it is a great course.
I disliked really slow speed of formulas derivation, simple operations like cancelling out terms are done in multiple steps. Like for children that only starting study mathematics. Otherwise great course!
Than You so much this course has really influenced my life at such great heights It has also made me give more recognition to our Bible Family for all their great accomplishments.
Felt a bit like I was being talked down to at the beginning as he tried to tell me how to study and take the course.  Got much better after he just started to teach us concepts.
I loved the course. I gained a lot from this. Want to learn more mathematics and wish could learn General theory from the same team. Thank you soo much. Great work.
Quite hard work -  the topic is not intuitive, and the questions teem with the possibility of going wrong - badly wrong.Effort is required, and is paid-back.
It's a good course to start understanding Relativistic Physics. Nothing rigorous though.The lectures are amazingly easy to understand. Overall liked it.
I think a chapter on momentum and energy conservation would be interesting, I liked the examples and the treatment of the paradoxes, very good course.
a very thorough introduction to special relativity, as a layman, I have gained immense insight & basic understanding. Thanks prof Lagerstrom!!!!
The course was really good. But the discussion forum was not pleasant. Due to the unruly behaviour of this person named Thomas Lahn
Mr Lagerstrom has explained a difficult topic in a very understandable way. He is a true teacher, not just a lecturer. Thank you.
Excellent Prof , Excellent Resources. My only drawback is that prof is a bit excessive repetitive, rest everything is fine.
A very interesting course simplified to an under graduate level. it helps in understanding relativity in perspective.
Well taught and structured course, gives a more quantitative understanding of some of the outcomes.
Good course for introduction to special relativity. I expected more related to E=mc^2 derivation.
This course is superb, covers easyly all the aspects of the special theory of relativity
Really good to get a grasp of what relativity is all about
Really great course, the teaching was excellent and fun.
Really interesting topic but can get a little boring
A bit long, too much time to cover easy themes...
Nicely presented, but pace was very slow.
a little bit more advanced required.
Outstanding course and instructor.   I really appreciate that this is made available for free.  This class was exactly what I was looking for....more into depth than YouTube explanations of relativity, but not as deep as general relativity with advanced math.  If you know some algebra and are willing to put your brain to work, you'll like this class.  Yes, I agree with some others that the instructor was repetitive at times, but many students with less math background I'm sure appreciated that.  I just skipped forward a little if needed.  There was plenty of meat and extra math problems if you wanted it to be more challenging.  More than anything, i'd like to thank Stanford and the professor for taking the time to create and share this class.
This professor says he will make haste slowly, and he does.  I have typically face difficulties in understanding physics, math, and this type of subject but I was able to pass this course with a respectable grade because of this professor.
Loved this course! This was my first course through Coursera that I completed in full :) and I'm glad I did it.  I always was a bit interested in Astrophysics and even had LOTS of books on my shelf in the hope that someday I would start reading and learning - all by myself.  But I couldn't gather enough motivation - and so it never really worked out. But after taking up the course and going through the different topics - I feel that I can begin a more serious approach to studying Relativity and can tackle some of the standard books on the subject.  I don't have a background in Physics, but that didn't prove to be a problem while going through the course.  I was able to complete each week's contents by spending around 45mts-an hr each day.  Was also maintaining my own set of notes - I'm sure I might be looking at them again someday when I'm exploring the subject bit more in depth. The quizzes were somewhat easier that I expected and I'm happy I was able to get some of my doubts clarified promptly through the forums.My only concern was that  a) I would have liked the course to be bit more technical/mathematical  and   b)  I wish I had completed the 'optional problems' too at the end of each week :). But these are not really so critical as it was an introductory course and I didn't have any basic understanding of Relativity prior to this. Overall I'm happy to have completed my first course , having gained an insight into Einstein's work and taken my first baby steps towards understanding Astrophysics/Cosmology ! Looking forward to see some more related/advanced courses in the same area.  Thanks to the Faculty, all the timely help on the Forums & Coursera!P.S. Can't wait to show-off my Certificate to everyone !!!RegardsAnand
Almost anyone can learn about the special theory of relativity from these lectures. I actually can't believe that I studied from a professor who teaches in the USA and in so simple way. I am grateful.
Since such online courses became available some years ago, I have followed a number of them on different subjects and on different platforms. This course is simply outstanding. It is hard to imagine how Dr Lagerstrom's construction of the course might be improved upon. Starting from some very basic principles and with the help of a little simple school algebra, step by step he progressively lays out for us some of the counter-intuitive yet fundamental rules by which the universe functions. Each step is in itself simple, logical, and well within the scope of the most average of learners. But upon course completion, since the student has followed the entire process step by step from basic principles, they emerge with a depth of understanding of apparently complex matters that prove not to be impenetrable at all.Dr Lagerstrom has managed to show that nobody needs to be afraid of this subject, or be concerned that it is somehow beyond their understanding. Not only is special relativity comprehensible, it may be deeply understood, starting from a few basic tenets, and that is a form of understanding that goes far beyond merely a grasp of the principles of a theory.
I really enjoyed this course, but you need to have appropriate expectations of it.  As many reviewers have noted, it does move slowly and the lectures are fairly repetitive, but the lecturer has an excellent command of the material and his explanations are very clear.  You will learn time dilation, length contraction, "leading clocks lag", the Lorentz transformation and a fair amount about Einstein's life.  It also touches on E=mc^2 and some basic results of general relativity.  You will not learn anything about relativistic momentum or electrodynamics, and relativistic energy is just mentioned.  The course uses algebra, but no calculus.  You will not see four-vectors or tensors.
Hats off to the professor for being able to explain such mind-boggling concepts about the very nature of existence in an entertaining and intuitive way. One of my favorite courses on Coursera by far!
Professor Lagerstrom went out of his way to include a wide range of understandings in this ride to understanding relativity and its' non-symmetric duality.  (I always thought relativity was the same for the one in motion as the one at rest... not true! Time dilation happens differently.)  This and many other wonderful revelations were opened for me without the need to perform the math, altho... I made myself go back and do a sheet of Algebra "brush up" and then re-attacked the course by working all the math, so I really had two tangents of learning here.  If I was ever trapped in a Spaceship and had to be on time for dinner on Earth, I'd trust Larry to tell me how fast to go, implicitly.  My new understanding of "frames of reference", relative length, leading clocks, time dilation and temporal plotting has all but destroyed the science behind all of my favorite television shows... but I can calculate the Lorentz factor and truly can mentally conceptualize the effects of near light movement and it has made me believe that black holes exist as a continual part of the Big Bang, as time restarts when you reach the center (and nearly stops on the way).  I also couldn't understand how a photon could last all the way to Earth, until I learned of the muon!  I couldn't picture this in my mind, until I took this course.  Thank You!
This course is greatly set up by professor LARRY RANDLES LAGERSTROM in such a way that even a high school student can understand these topics in our country.I request the Coursera community to appoint this instructor again for making a course on GENERAL THEORY OF RELATIVITY by taking enough time as required .I know General theory of relativity takes a lot of mathematical background but an attempt should be taken to start from the roots to make the learners get through the topics.Separate mathematics teachers along with professor LARRY should collaborate to make this happen.The already available course on General relativity requires way too pre maths to start .Why not take 2 or 3 years to develop that skill right here by Coursera such that home schooled students can learn the entire course online up here.AS FOR THIS COURSE IT WAS GREAT AND LARRY SIR HAS MOTIVATED ME A LOT TO CONTINUE WORKING ON THIS FROM HERE ON.THANK YOU.
For me, Dr. Lagerstrom was a gifted teacher, who understands both his material and the mind of his student, teaching with great empathy, patience and encouragement.  He taught me the basics of Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity, something I thought myself no longer capable of learning because I am a 71-year-old social science/humanities major whose last math was freshman algebra.I thank him for the gift of the 2 postulates, the Lorentz factor and Transformation, time dilation, length contraction, leading clocks lag/relativity of simultaneity, invariant interval, space time diagrams with their lines of simultaneity....just so much more than I thought possible.Thank you for this generous gift!P.S. I completed this course in one month: May 24 to June 24, 2020, while "staying home" during the Covid-19 Pandemic.
I wish I could have given more stars. This is the best course I have taken since graduate (medical) school. The instructor was fabulous.I hated, hated, hated this course for a long while. I put off taking it (7-8 HOURS of videos and readings a week -- what the??? Some courses I've taken weren't even half that in their entities!). I tried to disenroll.When I finally sucked it up and started the course, I slowly became addicted. It took me two weeks to finish the first week and I finished the last two weeks of the course in 6 days. I love this course. Everyone should take it.
I enjoyed this course tremendously and recommend it to anyone who wants to delve into the Special Theory of Relativity.  It's easy to see why Larry Randles Lagerstrom has received awards for excellence in teaching.  He knows where students are likely to get confused and gives careful explanations along with helpful reminders, so students can move along with the material without having to go back and re-read earlier sections.
I am currently an A level student wanted to study physics for university, I have completed this course and was well explained with a mixture of maths with the concepts explained. It helped a lot with my personal statement and I realised this is an area that I took particular interest within the subject. It is suitable for beginners new to this theory, and will recommend if you want to know more about time dilation.
This course is both stimulating and inspiring largely in part due to the delivery of the materials by Prof. Larry Randles Lagerstrom. This journey, is one that I would highly recommend anyone who is in interested, or even curious about this topic, should take.
Thanks for helping me understand the Special Theory of Relativity, covered a lot of ground but repeated it so it really could sink in.  Like your style and want to thank you for your assistance.  Thanks
This is a very interesting course that is taught in a way that makes it even more interesting. Concepts are built from the bottom up and the process is enjoyable.
Although the pace can sometimes be slow, Larry's presentation is a model for all teachers.
It has been very interesting and exciting to follow this course.It was also challenging to complete it with a quite good comprehension of the subject. However there are some concepts I'll have to review trying a better understanding.I have really enjoyed the way how professor Lagerstrom explains the concepts in a so plain manner.Thank you for doing it so well.Kind Regards.
Exceptionally good course.This is the first course I paid for verified certificate and finished in 3 weeks instead of 6. It was almost like detective novel. I could not wait to see what happens next.Dr Lagerstrom took his time explaining everything slowly.I wish he will do a course on general theory of relativity too.
I congratulate Stanford University and Coursera for let students have this course for free. I congratulate instructor Randles for being an excellent professor. I am completely new in this topic but I have been engrossed in it due to the awesome explanations and material. Thanks.
The professor was simply excellent: well-organized and articulate. The quizzes test your knowledge of what is taught in the lectures. My only complaint was that the textbook that was suggested ("Spacetime Physics") is now out of print.
This course is very comprehensive and well prepared material for understanding the Special Theory of Relativity. Larry (the instructor) is very  expert and has broad knowledge in explaining the course.
This course was really interesting and the Professor was excellent. Thanks to the professor and the mentors too as they took their time to clarify the doubts of the learners via the discussion page.
A good balance of qualitative and quantitative elements. Perfect for someone who is interested in the Special Theory of Relativity but did not get enough from introductory books.
The course covers the base of special theory of relativity, as well as historical background. The course is easy to follow. The assements are easy also. Really enjoyable course !
this course gave me more curiosity about einsten, (even though I haven't completed it yet :)) if you are interested in einstein and his theory, I suggest you take a look
Each concept is lucidly explained with full context given behind each contest. Recommend everybody to give it a try!!
got to know a lot with concise and yet detailed explaination with simple requirements of mathematics and physics.
thanks alot, all credits to Dr.Larry Randles Lagerstrom and Coursera team
Easy to comprehend for people with non-science background. Great course!
Interesting course. Professor is thorough and explained it brilliantly.
I just happen to think that Larry is a splendid lecturer, (as it were)
Great course - well structured, and expertly guided.
Amazing course teaches a lot about the universe.
The most complicated theory was made very easy.
it is a very interesting and unique chapter
I like the way the instructor explains.
wonderful!! more than as expected
Good place to learn
Everything's nice.
This fascinating course presented by a historian of science covers not just the basics of special relativity but the historical context as well. The lecturer starts off each week with some Einstein quotes and goes to great depths to explain the basic concepts at a level that is accessible to students with minimal experience of maths and physics. The concepts are firmly drilled in with plenty of optional quizzes after each mini-topic, and a summary video at the end of each week. The lectures are long but anyone short on time has the option to go straight to the weekly summary/quiz, and/or play videos at up to 2x speed (especially in weeks 2 and 3).
The main highlight for me was the explanation of the famous Twins Paradox and other related paradoxes which are resolved by understanding frames of reference and the relativity of simultaneity. Another bonus was an explanation of the bending of light by gravity through a simple thought experiment involving an accelerated elevator.
Some important topics not covered in the course, or only hinted at, are: treatment of accelerated reference frames (required to derive the relativistic rocket equations), relativistic momentum and kinetic energy (required to calculate the rocket fuel required) and relativistic energy (used to derive Einstein's mass-energy equivalence formula).
Overall I highly recommend the course to anyone with the time and inclination.
This was an amazing course. I'm a third-year undergraduate student pursuing BSc(HONS) Physics. Since I'm already well-equipped with calculus and algebra, most of the course content in terms of mathematics was pretty easy and trivial for me. However, Prof. Larry's teaching method was extremely impressive. For a course that requires you to alter your common sense, his narration was perfect and articulate, which I ultimately found to be helpful in nourishing and supporting my intellect on all of the deepest insights of special relativity. The course is comprehensively designed and the problem sets have insightful questions of varying difficulty. And, after completing this course, it seems to me that I have a deeper and better understanding of the subject than my friends who studied SR from other platforms.I would recommend almost every student to take up this course; because special relativity is more about transforming and shaping your common sense rather than being a mere theory-laden subject. I'm grateful to Stanford University-Coursera and of course, to all the faculty mentors who understood and responded to my questions at almost speed=c. And, as Prof. Larry requested us in Week 1 to remember something throughout the course, I'd like to re-emphasize the same to any prospective student of this course- "Festina Lente" (make haste slowly).
So you're wondering if you have the ability to learn about the Special Theory of Relativity. After all, this theory was developed by a genius and it involves math, something that many people shy away from. Doesn't it take a background in physics and confidence in your math ability to get something out of the class? No. The remarkable thing about this class is that is presented at multiple levels simultaneously. If you are confident in your knowledge of physics and math, the explanations and optional exercises will be a welcome challenge. At the same time, the general concepts are explained in such a manner that you'll learn enough about the Special Theory of Relativity to get the "big picture" even if you don't immerse yourself in the mathematics. From there you can learn about it in more detail, if you wish. The test for me in taking any class is whether I'm able to explain the concepts to someone else in casual conversation. This course certainly met the test.
This course was exactly what I was looking
for to get a good understanding of the Special Theory of Relativity for a non-specialist. The course progression was very
good, building new concepts on top of the previous ones. The video lectures were lively
and well presented. The difficulty level and the required
math skills were exactly what the course description indicated.I recommend future students to
take this course at a steady pace, and to allocate enough time to take notes,
to review the concepts and to go back if necessary. Don’t rush through it. It is very useful to try to
solve the optional problem sets. The main difficulty is not related with the
math, but with the relationship between the equations and the physical
phenomena they describe. I am 100% satisfied with this
course. As a matter of fact, I plan to go again through my notes to make my own
personal recap of the main concepts and formulas.Thanks a lot to Professor Lagerstrom!
Very professional approach by Professsor Larry Lagerstrom.  His patience in teaching is highly commendable. The key feature of the course is "Make Haste Slowly" This ensures that no matter what background of academics you come from, at the end of the course you will have understood the principle aspects of Special Relativity. The syllabus is designed very well. Both qualitative and quantitative elements are covered nicely. A participant will understand all the key concepts of special relativity like time dilation, length contraction, relativity of simultaneity etc He will also understand the most famous paradox of special The Twin Paradox and get some insight into the most famous equation E=mc2. I salute Prof Lagerstrom for his extreme patience in teaching a complex topic. I recommend this course to anyone who wants to know a bit about how the Universe works even for those without any background knowledge of Physics or Mathematics.
I loved Professor Larry Lagerstorms beautiful and methodical derivations of the key results of Special Relativity. He made those wierd things like "time dilation" and "length contraction" look so simple and logical, with the step by step derivations, which a high-school boy can understand easily.I really understood the Twin Paradox finally, which I never could find in undergraduate text books (even Feymann lectures does not come clean!) because none of them revealed or even mentions the handy concept " leading clocks lag". Once this is and explained, (which the professor does with consummate ease, for the students!) this famous paradox can be explained within the concept of Special Relativity, without resorting to General Relativity, if you care to ignore acceleration) using the space time diagrams, without calling them Minkowski diagrams.Just wonderful. Will take more courses by this master explainer.Thanks Larry
It is a very good course that is well organized and explained. The instructor was extremely great; he uses a lot of examples and thought experiments to help us imagine the situation. Although relativity is such a hard topic to learn for many people, the approach of instruction in this course makes it interesting and easy to be comprehended. After the course, you will find that you have learnt a great amount of knowledge about the topic and you can go into discussions about relativity related issues, even that you don't feel stressed during the course by the enormous amount of materials. Moreover, this course is suitable for anyone interested in the topic, even without much knowledge in physics before, because the course explains everything even the basic concepts. I learnt A LOT from this course, and it encouraged me to love the topic, get excited about online learning and go even deeper in relativity study.
Prof is great. Methodical and precise. Try to follow a lecture with Whitten at the helm, and you will find your eraser worn fast. Not the case here.  I took this as a refresher and found myself impatient and a bit frustrated at the hand-holding. Paradoxically, I was also comforted by the hand-holding ;) ...SR & GR are an odd pair because you do not get an intuitive sense of things until you bring gravity & acceleration & equivalency principle into the picture. Thus the need for hand-holding, I suppose... Anyone whom has a functional understanding of Newtonian physics needs to extend this to SR, then GR (at least qualitatively) to gain a more intimate understanding of the nature of nature. Don't be intimidated by Einstein. The man's insights were most likely due to single-minded focus and persistence. Armed with only resolve, I am confident that you will succeed in this course.
Mr.  Larry Randles Lagerstrom  is very knowledgeable and he is an excellent teacher. Course is very well designed and presented. The subject matter was enough to get incite into the 'Special Theory of Relativity' and also covered the history of Einstein 's era.  I understood most of the things due to Mr. Lagerstrom's way of presenting the facts. Most interestingly, I understood the way things work in the realm of Special Theory of Relativity which was a big question in my mind for long time. Quizzes were very thoughtful and really testing the knowledge gained in the respective lectures.  I have not solved the extra questions set given at the end of last few weeks yet but I will do that in near future and in case of doubts I would like to contact Mr. Lagerstrom via e-mail. I enjoyed it thoroughly and  I would like to attend many more such courses. Really thanks and appreciate.
The course provides insight to any beginner in the field of relativity and how Einstein perceived it. The fundamentals are presented in a very simple manner. All the concepts of relativistic motion are taught very well. Many ideas like length contraction, time dilation, etc. make the learners think their brains out much to their fun. The course also throws some light to the practical applications of the Special Theory of Relativity. The famous equation is also discussed (though in brief). Introduction to Spacetime diagrams, worldlines and related content is very well presented. Lastly, the course ends with a brief idea of the Equivalence principle which laid the foundations for the General Theory of Relativity. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn the concepts of relativity.
This course was truly an excellent way to learn about Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity. The content covered most of the main aspects of Special Relativity, and the instructor did a top notch job of explaining how the various aspects of the theory are derived and many implications of the Theory. The maths involved in this course is no more than high-school level algebra with a few tricks, and as such the course should be within most people's reach with a bit of effort. Mind you, the concepts themselves are somewhat counter-intuitive, so be prepared to think a lot about the implications. However, all that being said, I highly recommend this course! It is a very well presented and accessible way to start to grasp Einstein's most profound work in his "miracle year" of 1905.
Well, I wanted to finally tackle the famous theory that revolutionized 20th century physics as a matter of general culture, but going beyond the superficial cualitative explanations you found here and there. This course is absolutely great, and helped me accomplish that goal. If the last year you dealt with algebra was many years ago, don't despair: the professor offers a clear review of all the math you need. The professor, by the way, is what makes this course great, as he is really exceptional at teaching.The course requires patience and dedication (specially week 5), but at the end is greatly rewarding, and it allows you to go for harder material (meaning undergraduate level books on the subject).I would suggest you do all the problem sets.Thank you very much, Stanford.
Professor Larry Lagerstrom is an exceptional teacher. He explained the Theory of Special Relativity in such a manner that the theory became easy to understand. Not only has the Theory become understandable, he also managed to convey the beauty of the theory. I cannot find words to describe how I have enjoyed the series of lectures. From very simple concepts of the property of waves, he led to a very deep understanding of the principle of Light Constancy. From that principle, it became very easy to understand Time Dilation, the Length Contraction, and then Lorentz Transformation, and finally, the Invariant Interval. The journey he has planned was brilliant. Once one has a firm grasp of those principles, the explanation of the Twin Paradox became a "piece of cake".
The course was fantastic. I have struggled for years to understand the Special Theory of Relativity and I finally have a good grasp of the theory.  The course is not difficult for anyone with at least a fundamental grasp of algebra and should be no problem with more math in their background.  I would really like to see a course on the General Theory of Relativity taught by Professor Langerstrom. The lectures were clear and well documented and the short quizzes at the end of each subsection of the class materials really helped to make understanding the material presented  easy to comprehend.  I'd also love to see a book written by Dr. Langerstrom based on the course.  I have a couple around home and they aren't as clear as the material presented in this course.
This was my first time taking a course in this format from Coursera.  The course exceeded all of my expectations. The course was very effective and I can’t wait to attend similar courses.  The instructor, Larry Lagerstrom, was very knowledgeable. Larry provided a wealth of information about Einstein and the Special Theory of Relativity that were easy to follow and comprehend.  I cannot express how great the instructor was and how great the overall content of the class material was.  All of the videos and related documents were very clear and easy to follow.  Larry Lagerstrom made it very easy to understand a very difficult subject otherwise.  He was able to demonstrate and explain the various topics with relative ease.
I enjoyed every bit of the course and cannot stress how much I appreciate the work that went into this. I especially like the lecturer; Larry Randles Lagerstrom, and how he was able to execute such perfect teaching as well as sticking true to the the saying 'festina lente'. This course has managed to drive my curiosity and engage me thoroughly. In fact, time went by so fast during the course that I wonder if the effects of special relativity somehow managed to play a part in it. I started the course with the hopes of learning something new but it wasn't the outcome I loved the most it was the struggle and the journey to get there. Big props to the University of Stanford for making this a free course. I rate this a 5/5
Great course! Well structured, builds up prerequisite concepts nicely, and ties it all together well. Dr. Lagerstrom looks at the ideas from different perspectives: conceptually, diagramatically with space-time diagrams and quantitatively with Lorentz' transformation. The multiple representations supplement each other and reinforce our understanding. In the end, I was able to finally get a good grasp of the basic ideas of special theory of relativity, which was a lifetime goal for me. And wrap my head around the "paradoxes" that are its consequences. These paradoxes made no sense to me in the past, but they did during this course, and it was a joyful experience. Just glad I found the course and completed it.
Great experience! I watched dozens of videos regarding special relativity but failed to understand. This course led you step by step with patience and you will have your big bang in the week 3rd.  If you can pass week 3rd,  you will probably grab the course successfully. My confusion is about the speed limit of light and the concept of relative speed. I raised my questions probably over a dozen rounds and Mr.Larry always give me help with 24 hours. What a great help. My suggestion to the course is :  Please add a little bit more about relative speed. Can relative speed exceed C?  Because such concept is crucial in my view to go through WEEK 3rd.  A/w, great experience and Solute to THE TEAM.  Thank
Literally the BEST course I've ever taken online! Perfectly structured, very detailed, very accurate and informative. I am a dozen steps closer to my dream of getting properly educated in the field of physics and the realm of exact sciences about the Universe. I enormously admire Prof. Lagerstrom as he's obviously put a lot of effort in preparing all necessary materials, making it all vivid and human with the help of quotes, stories and remarks about Einstein, always making sure the students understand the material and receive and remember it logically structured. Prof. Lagerstrom seems extremely charismatic and engaging to me, I regret this is the only course of his on Coursera. Thank you so much!
Thank You Professor Lagerstrom, the course is outstanding. I loved the way the course was taught, everything was linked to real life situations and easy to follow. At first I felt that the course was going a little slow but then I realised that a solid foundation is absolutely necessary in order for future understanding. If you skip too much of the first part you might lose some insight and not capture the fundamental ideas. I strongly recommend this course, specially for those who aren't too sophisticated with maths, since this course does not rely on mathematical derivations, but rather on diagrams, thought experiments and logical reasoning. It is definitely worth of 5 out of 5 stars.
The tutor is excellent, the pace of the course is good, the material is sufficient and everything proceeds logically and succinctly. Lots of interesting ideas and context. Understanding Special Relativity, objective met.I was surprised to learn that the idea follows from some simple premises and so anyone with an interest can follow along qualitatively to appreciate the idea.  Math ability is not essential but a modest ability I suggest would help to follow along. For anyone who wants more, and has the time, there is plenty of optional extra study material to work through.I will return to the course in a few months and review the material as there is a lot to take in.
Clear and detailed introduction to the Special Theory of Relativity, including deriving the basic formulae involved on the topic, and advanced work made optional but available for most weeks' topics.  The basic introductory analogies are simple to follow along but stunning in their implications, such as the famous light clocks not only in Alice and Bob's frames of reference but also in an elevator to touch upon the General Theory of Relativity at the end. After being a physics and relativity geek all my life, this course actually crystallized relativity and I finally understand precisely the strange effects of the theory.
Thank you Prof. Larry Lagerstrom! This course has been a great experience. Having a background in Banking & Finance, I was not sure to have the proper skills to go through such a complicated topic, which has always fascinated me. The structure of the course is perfect, the explanations are very clear. I appreciated introduction, summaries and handouts, quotes and real life examples.  I also find it very effective that the teacher writes on a whiteboard instead than using slides. I would really suggest everyone to take this course. It helps understand, as was mentioned in the course, "the marvellous structure of reality".
Excellent class on the Special Theory.  The instruction was clear and methodical which made for a good understanding of Einstein's theory.  Enjoyed the quotes of the week by Einstein.  The phrase "leading clocks lag" is forever stuck in my head and I can recall the Lorentz transformation as well.  The analysis of the Twin Paradox 3 ways was especially good, but this came later in the course so that the required tools could be taught first.  Included a brief dip into the General Theory.  Highly recommended if you have a desire to get an in-depth understanding of the Special Theory.
I had just completed my Indian Grade 12 exams and decided that since Special Relativity was something I wanted to learn about, I should go ahead and do it. I chose this course and have no regrets whatsoever. Prof. Larry explains everything in the simplest way possible and avoids complicated mathematics wherever unnecessary. After finishing this course, I have a very good idea of how Special Relativity actually works and it will immensely benefit me given I am planning to major in physics in college. Anyone who is even remotely interested in doing this course, just go for it.
I found this course very stimulating in terms of thought experiments and conceptual understanding—a good deal of brain rewiring was necessary! Though I wished the quantitative approach was pushed a little farther (e.g., using matrices for the Lorentz transformations, and getting into Maxwell's equations when it came to the invariance of the speed of light), it was not a prime goal of this course to rely heavily on "advanced" mathematics. Thus, I still think it deserves five stars; I definitely recommend it as an introduction to the special theory relativity! :)
Great introduction course. The teaching skills of Prof. Lagerstrom are really great. I studied a long time ago relativity (special and general) and this refreshing course was in some ways better than the one I had at the University. It does not require any high mathematical skills. I particularly appreciate the historical surrounding of the theory clearly highlighting how ideas and theories grow (not at all as usually explained in school). I do hope Prof Lagerstrom will pursue his teaching with general relativity and/or maybe a course on quantum mechanics.
I really enjoyed the quality and pace of this course. The weekly pace was reasonable for someone like me taking this course out of personal interest and doing so after work in the evening. The quality of the video courses was excellent but I understand that this is tied to the individual quality of the professor. Support materials (notes and problem sets) were very helpful to complement the videos. I like the structure of the course and the tool itself which I ran conveniently from my tablet. Overall great experience and looking forward to my next course.
Such an amazing course with an exceptional teacher!! I was mind blown with the way such a complicated topic was handled and taught. Einstein is properly explained and his topic of relativity is explained even better. This course has given proper respect to Einstein and has respected his views and thoughts. The moment I hear 'Einstein', I get Mr. Larry's face onto my mind, that's how amazing and wonderful he as well as this course is. I get the feeling of learning more from him, be it any topic.Thanks a lot for this fantastic and meticulous experience!!!!
feels great, to know about such a renowned personality like  Einstein. feeling like i came closer to  Einstein and his work, but more than that it i feel  closer and connected to the universe. this all has  become possible only because of professor Lary Lagerstrom's unique teaching skills and presentation of subjects. myself being from science background found it very easy to get hold  of what is actually going, but i'm 100% positive that any person from any background can  understand and  successfully complete this course. thank you professor.
Fabulous course. Concepts were explained in rigorous detail and hand-outs and lecture presentations were impeccable. The professor makes sure no stone is unturned in this lecture series and provides insightful analysis into the theory. Things to improve: I would suggest a shorter course for students like myself who have previous mathematical experience. Additionally it would have been nice to get a printed certificate- after paying £38.  However these things aside- a detailed well-thought through course, ANYONE can complete. 5 stars.
Larry Lagerstrom is excellent. He speaks clearly -- and repeats concepts. He is very experienced at this, applying models to illustrate points, understanding where the student might have difficulty, and going over points to make sure we have got the idea. I realized quite early that if I did not understand the concepts of this course, it would certainly not be his fault.I enjoyed this course. It got me to think in a different way -- stretched my brain in addition to increasing my knowledge about the specific subject.I
Professor Lagerstrom does a superb job of presenting Einstein's special theory of relativity.  There is a good balance of history, high school level mathematics and thought experimentation.  I have been studying Einstein's special theory of relativity, mostly by reading books, for over 60 years and this course solidified the theory in my mind.  I actually have two good friends named Alice and Bob, who are unrelated to the course heroine and hero.  The real heroes in the course are Professors Einstein and Lagerstrom.
Excellent course, covering a basic fundamental understanding of special relativity and the historical context within which Einstein made his discovery. The math required to understand the concepts are also straightforward high/secondary school level math. I took this as a refresher, having took a class back in undergrad college on the same subject and it helped me recall the core concepts of the subject. Recommended as an excellent introduction for anyone interested in physical science in general
Extremely interesting course. It is challenging but Dr. Lagerstrom's pledge to "make haste slowly" benefits students and covers the material thoroughly. The material is presented from a variety of viewpoints, which should make the concepts clear for everyone. The amount of data covered is impressive. It illustrates the degree to which Einstein had command of his subject matter. I will likely never use the information presented in this course but I'm really glad I took the journey to acquire it.
I really thoroughly enjoyed this course. I felt that Professor Lagerstrom is an excellent teacher who made the complex much easier to understand. I particularly liked the “class notes” and his philosophy of Festina lente - make haste slowly. In college many years ago this whole subject was too mind bending for me to approach so my education when I other directions. It is nice that so many years later I could revisit that challenge a gain a better understanding. Thank you so much for that.
Professor Lagerstrom takes it slow to approach the theory, making it available to anyone with very basic math skills. While the equations are important, building the mental model around the strange world is way more essential to comprehending the special theory of relativity, and that is where this course shines. Professor Lagerstrom will look at the same problem in many different angles, cross referencing between them constantly, making sure the fundamentals of the theory sinks in.
Oddly, given subject matter, this is a very old school course - professor lecturing before a white board. Yet it works! I finally understand the Special Theory of Relativity and am convinced that time dilation and length contraction are real. Course is well paced. Outlines provided for taking notes for each session are very helpful. Quizzes and tests are appropriate. Highly recommend to anyone who has ever wondered if on might actually travel to another galaxy and return alive.
This is truly one of the more interesting (and fun) courses at Coursera. The presenter takes the student step by step through the intricacies of understanding the special theory of relativity such that, even with a very limited background in math and physics, you will be able to appreciate the impact this theory had on scientific thinking back when it was published and how it, and its 'big brother, the general theory of relativity, shape scientific endeavors presently.
The wonderful presentation of the origin and comprehensive concepts of this special theory of relativity with good examples and problems by Professor Larry Langstrom, is beyond and excellent and would rate the best by a physics professor. I would love to attend the general theory of relativity course if run(?), by him in the future, kindly inform.  I rate this course 5 stars if that's the limit of stars one needs to put for an appreciation/rating. -Dr S S Raghuwanshi
This course is the best place to learn the concepts of special relativity as a beginner. The instructor is awesome. Although he goes quite slow, it helps because the concepts in the latter part of the course are counter-intuitive and may need a bit of time to be understood. I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in learning more about the principles of relativity. I hope to see a general relativity course taught by this professor soon!!!
A very thorough and complete explanation of the Special Relativity theory. Finally a really good pedagogical approach is used to explain to plain people like me concepts that are proven for more than a century but still a mystery for most. Having very important scientific concepts explained to our society can mitigate the terrible challenges we shall confront in the coming decades.Thank you very much to Stanford University and specially to Dr Lagerstrom.
Amazing course! Great pace, starting slowly from the basics and advancing step by step, building up to understand the Special Theory of Relativity to a level that I find is (much) more than good enough for someone who's just curious about it. Math included but, again, it is presented step by step so it's easy to follow even for someone with not much scientific background.Really wish a part 2 with General Relativity taught by same professor would come :)
About sixty years ago, I remember discussing the various  formulas regarding special relativity in one of my advanced college physics courses.  There was very little background presented regarding the historical development of the formulas (e.g. Lorentz transformation, Gamma).  I really enjoyed the time spent on the space time diagrams.  Those diagrams have provided me with a much deeper understanding of the foundational elements of special relativity.
It is amazing to have access to such an interesting, well taught class through this free app.  Prfessor Lagerstrom takes material that is often considered extremely difficult and explains it in such clear and concise terms that it can be understood by just about anyone.  The required math is not much beyond basiic algebra and you can come away with a much deeper understanding of the way the universe works as well as a nice look at Einstein as a person.
It’s been like watching a
good movie or reading an absorbing book; it ended too soon.I'd say the
course gives a large enough insight to the special theory of relativity with
the right final touch on the general theory to complete the basic understanding,
and maybe to get the audience hooked for the next release. I’ve taken the bait.Finally a genuine thanks to
the instructor Larry Randles Lagerstrom and his team for the contents and their
dedication
This was a very enjoyable and revealing course, covering what at first may appear to be a somewhat impenetrable subject. But the step by step approach and sensible progression of topics made the subject matter easily understandable, and the obtaining of that understanding a joyful and insightful experience.  It can't be easy to teach such a course to camera, so big thanks to Larry Randells Lagerstrom.... he definitely deserves a strong lager!!
A fabulous course giving great notions and ideas of how things operate in the universe. Beyond the interesting part of this class, you will get a noteworthy approach enabling all to understand how things came out to be discovered. I think it makes sciences more accessible and anchored in the reality of our lives. Anyway, I loved it, the teacher is outstanding. It will be useful for my 12th grade in France and most importantly my future!
This was not just a course, but an experience in learning. The professor took us through a journey of learning about a topic very difficult understand, and patiently led us through the learning experience with right amount of maths and excellent use of examples, quotes etc., to keep the interest alive all through. I wonder if some such course on General Theory of Relativity can be there, even if that is perhaps more mathematical.
This course is superb! The professor explains complicated concepts and mathematical equations in the simplest manner possible. I learned a ton!Note: the course keeps mathematics at a minimum, so if you want a quantitative approach to the Special Theory of Relativity, this is not for you. However, even if you are looking for a quantitative approach, this course will enhance your conceptual understanding of Einstein's theory.
An amazingly clear overview of the matter. The professor takes it step-by-step, religiously. I succeeded the course, but now I think I want to do it again, taking more notes, doing all the homework (which I did none). Don't rush! It's fundamentally important for your understanding of the universe.As a reading, I recommend "A Journey into Gravity and Spacetime", by John A. Wheeler. Perfect further reading for this course.
Until I took this thoughtful, extremely well organized course, I could not get my head around many of the weird concepts in Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity, no matter how much I read about it.  Prof. Lagerstrom is to be congratulated for the very excellent, logical manner in which he has taught this course.  I would highly recommend this course to anyone seeking a great mental challenge and scientific curiosity.
I seriously love this course. It gave me a lot of insight in the realistic world. I love the way it is explained, it could not have been better! Thank you so much! This is the first course I have ever done, and I think I will move on towards the General Theory of Relativity. So much thanks again! This course changed my life, positively. I'm more motivated than I ever was. You are doing a great job, I love it. -Remko
As a geologist engineer, this course showed me that no modern physics can be out of reach. We all can play with these ideas and get a solid understanding of them. Prof. Lagerstrom really made the most important points clear and I got a clear picture regarding the Special Theory of Relativity, among history of science and other stuff as well. Great, solid course of which I can only feel thankful to Prof. Lagerstrom.
My idea was to undestand the Special Theory of Relativity from a qualitative point of view and this course really accomplished that. Although I don't speak English in my day to day, the teacher made it easy to undestand not using a lot of difficult vocabulary and writing and drawing on the board. I highly recommend this course for those who are curious and want to learn more about the Special Theory of Relativity.
Wonderful course that has opened so many doors of thought and knowledge. Thanks to the professor, Larry Randles Lagerstrom for his instruction and for bringing this amazing course of one of the greatest minds of all time to Coursera.  My interest in physics has been piqued and i will continue to pursue a deeper understanding after this wonderful course. Thank you again to the professor and to the team at Coursera.
This is a very wonderful course. I really enjoyed it. The professor really shared the insight of having a struggle to understand will lead to an ennobling, enriched experience and how we can look at the big picture of what the universe is like and how this works. Understanding Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity really helped a lot (in context and some key concepts of space and time). Thank you professor.
The course is a beautiful marriage of history, humanity, and science. The pace is slow at first but picks up steadily. I never thought I would ever understand special relativity but thanks to Professor Lagerstrom's thorough explanations, I am now comfortable with the concept and see the world in a different light. I wish Professor Lagerstrom will eventually produce a similar course on general relativity.
Amazing introductory Course for Special Relativity. Might be a bit too basic at times w.r.t to maths but hey!, it never hurts to listen to things for a second time. Will definitely recommend to anyone looking to get into higher level physics. Being a High School student myself, I learned a lot and thoroughly enjoyed it. Thanks a lot to Stanford and Prof for making education freely available to all.
This course is engaging and  interesting.  The lecturer inspires you to learn and open your mind.  The course itself can be hard in areas but if you stick with it, eventually you can work it out.  There is a fair bit of algebra (which I never studied at school) but I still made it!  I recommend this to anyone who wants to understand time and space and be drawn into the fantastic world of Einstein.
After reading almost a lifetime books about the works and accomplishments of Einstein (not being a graduated scientist but huge fan of the topic), it is amazing to follow this this course and explore this world in a whole new sight. Fantastic stuff brought by the best instructor by far. I think I will start all over again. A lot is much more obvious now, or is it? Triple A+ for Larry. Thank you.
I can't stress enough how good this course is. It's the best course i've ever taken in any subject. It's really impressive how much energy, thought, patience, care was put here. I'm deeply thankful for this. You guys made me so happy. Almost everything someone need to know about STR is here. And the teacher... maybe my favourite physics teacher ever. This guy is the golden standard of teaching.
This is an excellent course for everyone who is interested in Einstein's special theory of relativity. All concepts about the theory are presented in a simple and intuitive way, therefore anyone with basic math knowledge will understand it easily.Also, professor Larry Lagerstrom is a very charismatics person, and his talent for teaching other people made this course an amazing experience.
This is a greate course. Many thanks to all involved in providing such a very well elaborated course, modeling such a complex subject in a "simplified" version that is reachable by many people that would be disencouraged by maths and formulas intrinsic to the subject. Thanks also to Professor LArry by making the course even more entusiastic and attractive by given many examples along it.
The course is very well designed for someone with little or no knowledge of the subject matter. The only quibble I had was with respect to the time spent on the very basics of the maths and what I felt was somewhat repetitive nature of some of the points made, if adjusted for that one could lop off several hours from the course length and might actually encourage more participation.
This is the first course I ever finished on coursera! Thanks to Prof. Lagerstrom for making the course so easy and engaging for people with any level of maths and physics knowledge to follow and pick up. I've really enjoyed the whole journey and gained knowledge about this universe. It's definitely worth recommending to anyone who's interested to know more about the world around us.
Great course. The instructor goes slow and repeats important points for maximum retention. Key equations are rigorously derived (requiring only high school algebra) but are rarely required in the weekly quizzes. After completing this course I have a better understanding of special relativity and (thanks to the final week) better understand its relationship to general relativity.
Fascinating course and a material presented in a super approachable way. Many paradoxes thoroughly explained - for the first time for me everything from start to finish was crystal clear. Amazing how almost all of these interesting phenomena, including Lorentz transformation, can be derived simply by using pythagorean theorem and common sense. Can I have a second helping please!
I have always wanted to understand the basics of the Special Theory of Relativity but when trying to read about it found that I did not have the appropriate post high school background in math and physics to understand the theory.  Professor Lagerstrom presented the information in a cogent manner that enabled me to grasp both the theory's underlying principles and its beauty.LL
Very well done. I learned a lot and I'm very pleased with the results I achieved. I learned to study with purpose and to be patient in my learning. I learned to listen intently and apply what I learned. Even old dogs can learn new tricks. I really enjoyed listening to Mr Lagerstrom's lectures. He is knowledgeable and interesting to listen to. He made the course easy to follow.
This course is outstanding. I have tried other self-learning STofR courses and never got past the preliminary steps. The professor is outstanding, the amount of effort to make Special Relativity concepts understandable at the high school algebra level must have been immense. Thanks for expending the effort.Frank Bryant B.S. Biology/Chemistry, B.S.E.E, M.S. Computer Systems
This is a wonderful path to embark on for those who wish to have a different perspective on the natural laws. It provides a robust platform for pursing more advanced journeys and enhance their ability to analyse and contemplate. The course material is really good and is definitely recommended for people who wish to step out of their boundaries and grasp more of life.
For foreigners, the subtitles are very useful. Sometimes they are not correct and students could have correct them if there would be some tool to propose corrections as it is sometimes the case for the correction of OCR for old newspaper. I have learned a lot with this course and would like to thank you for providing this material to all the students in the world.
I must say that it is a great course. It moves along nicely (though at times a bit fast); the context has been laid out well and there is enough of summarizing and 'looking back' before moving forward. This course is an ideal beginning for anyone who wants to deep dive into relativity at a later stage! My thanks to Coursera and special thanks to Prof. Lagerstrom!
As a student hoping to study Physics in University, this course offered a fantastic and simple to follow explanation for concepts that are often portrayed as impossible to understand by mainstream media. Props to Professor Lagerstrom and the rest of the team in developing a course that even a person with a passing interest in physics can follow comprehensively!
Great class, thank you. Just a suggestion for the movie with matter-antimatter fuel comparison to the center of the galaxy , when speaking of 38 kg antimatter, just for comparison perhaps we can convert this to truckloads of coal ... this way people will realize better how much energy it goes to producing 1 gram of antimatter, not even to mention 38 kg ... :")
The professor is a joy to listen to and wish he had more courses on here. While I couldn't follow a couple of times, the benefits of taking a course that goes far beyond our daily experiences is astronomical.  I would absolutely recommend this to anyone with even the slightest interest in engaging a more hands on approach to the Special Theory or Relativity.
An excellent introduction to a fascinating subject. Each individual lecture is short and focused so the amount of new material introduced can always be understood and absorbed by an engaged student. Once key concepts are introduced, they are regularly reinforced in subsequent lectures. Highly recommended for anyone interested in exploring this subject.
This is a must course those who want to really want to learn more about the theory of relativity which is considered the most confusing theory ,but its actually not true because of this course you can easily understand the course. After completing the course sincerely you would be able to solve basic problems on relativity and even quantum mechanics.
This course is perfect for anyone interested in science. All you need is high school math and everything else is explained spectacularly well. The pace is a bit slow, but it pays so you can deeply understand each topic as you go on. You won't get bored. The professor is engaging, the Special Theory of Relativity is weird and fun.TAKE THIS COURSE NOW
This course is a very beneficial course.It helped me to increase my knowledge about physics and different phenomenon which occurs in our day to day life. this course helped me to take a better insight of the laws of physics made by the great scientist Albert Einstein. I would prefer all of you to take up this course and be benefited by this course.
This course was amazing, and I'm sad to see it go. It was interesting and full of new things that I have yet to learn and hopefully go more in-depth into during my university studies. I hope more people are informed about this course and I also hope that I still have access to the video lectures for future reference. Thank you for the experience!
The way of teaching of the professor is just fabulous, I hope Professor Larry makes more courses. He teaches in a clear and easy way. I strongly recommend this course to anyone who is ardent to learn and curious about how the universe works, what is ' the marvelous structure of reality.' No complex mathematics is needed(least of all calculus.)
Professor Lagerstrom is a great teacher and the course is well organized. While still a little complex for someone with rudimentary or fairly stale science knowledge, Professor Lagerstrom's approach is easy to follow and understand. I especially like his summaries at the end of the course which put together the complex mathematics into simple
Being a high school student, this course looked very daunting to me. However, after the dilemma, whether to choose this course or not, when I finally did choose this course, I felt fortunate that I did. Not only am I getting to learn about the special theory of relativity but also skill-set required to excel in any kind of course. Thank you!
The struggle to understand the marvellous structure of reality is an ennobling experience. The course is more engaging than a movie, I literally mean that. Professor Larry takes you on a roller coaster ride. I bet you would love the ride. P.s. Don't be afraid of maths. Professor Larry has taken care of that part. It's only simple algebra.
This is hands down the best introduction to the Special Theory of Relativity I have ever found. The instructor really explains everything so lucidly that even lay audiences without a strong math or physics background can grasp the theory. I would really love to see a course by this instructor on the General Theory of Relativity as well!
This course met 120% my expectations. Prof. Lagestrom has extraordinary teaching skills and assembled a course that allows students to slowly build fundamental blocks of knowledge. I look forward to keep learning with him if any other course is available. It has been a truly memorable experience. Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you to Dr. Randles for teaching us this excellent course, for preparing all the lessons in a simple manner, he makes us see the theory easy. And thank you for teaching us not only the scientist, but also the human person through Einstein quotes. Try to become not a person of success, but try rather to become a person of value
Great course. Easy to follow and to understand. Also a great compliment to the professor for explaining the material in a clear and easy to follow manner. I have now a clear understanding of the underlying concepts of the special theory of relativity. I would really like to see a similar course on the general theory of relativity.
This course is well laid out and planned. The professor goes through step by step and makes it very easy to understand a very difficult and non-intuitive subject. The qualitative explanations are excellent in giving a sense of what the equations mean.All in all, an excellent course. Thank you very much for making this available.
A very intuitive course which starts from the ground basics and builds an understanding on how to jog one's brains to imagine in-depth thought experiments which help us in understanding the amazingness of our universe. Very well taught by Professor Lagerstrom who explains in a very simple manner for everyone's understanding.
Incredible. Now I can say to have learned the basics of relativity. A step by step approach with some math guided me through the field. Before the course I was simply aware of the major points of the theory accepting its conclusion bona fide. Now I got it. Thanks a lot professor. There is a reason why you teach at  Stanford
Such a great course with a superb instructor! The pacing of the course, in my opinion, was perfect. We certainly made haste, but we made haste slowly. Things were explained in a way, that the greater understanding of the math and "philosophy" behind it came together in a beautiful manner. So happy with taking this course!
Thank you Professor, your lecture is very interesting, and it is quite helpful to learn physics with a little history. I found that there are some mistakes in the subtitle, but it is not significant and I think I can understand it according to the context. Really impressive course, I hope I can see you in other courses.
“One should not pursue goals that are easily achieved. One must develop an instinct for what one can just barely achieve through one’s greatest efforts.”― Albert Einstein 
The course was varied and motivating in its structure. Professor Larry Lagerstrom is an outstanding personality. It was a very enriching experience.
Excellent course. I feel I gained some insight into the core concepts of special relativity. I took to heart the "festina lente" ethos exposed early in the course by the instructor. Larry Lagerstrom is a fantastic teacher, he has the ability to explain often complex material in a way to that makes it understandable.
This course offers an excellent and intuitive entry to the special theory of relativity. In my eyes, it is suited for everyone being fascinated by space-time and the "weirdness" of our universe and at the same time wants to dig a little deeper into the physical and mathematical framework of special relativity.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course and it was informative and we'll presented. I think I will miss listening about time. For me its been much therapeutic. It challenges my brain to even visualize these concepts and hence I can spend as much time studying it. The presenter knows his stuff and like his simplicity.
An outstanding course, it was what I was looking for to get a good understanding of the topic.Really good course progression, well explained concepts. I am definitely happy and "1000%" satisfied with this amazing course, Professor Lagerstrom is simply amazing and he definitely deserves a strong acclamation!!
It was incredibly interesting and enjoyable experience,the course instructor was fabulous and i could understand many mind baffling information with a surprising ease.I am looking forward for stanford university's course on the general theory of relativity and i hope that it is taught by the same professor.
Great Course. I wish there would me more courses like this in other topics like general theory of relativity. Discussion forum is very active. Mentors are available to clarify any topics. Videos are a bit slow though, but you can always fast forward. I am grateful to the course instructor of this course.
Absolutely wonderful course. I am grateful to Mr. Lagerstrom for making haste slowly in his explanations during the lectures. Really helped to cement the concepts and the math into the mind. This course comes with my highest recommendation to anyone who is interested in learning about Special Relativity.
Excellent course which explores every concept of the theory deeply. It is a very interesting experience to see the theory build up little by little from scratch.The discussions forums are great with active mentors.I highly recommend it to anyone interested in science and willing to take some time out!
This is one of best courses I have ever taken. Professor Lagerstrom did an outstanding job in this clear,consistent and careful introduction to what is arguably one of the most revolutionary theories of all time. I am taking the 5 stars and multiplying by a lorentz factor of 1.2 to achieve 6 stars!!
Dr. Lagerstrom has done a beautiful job in giving an in depth view of the matter in a very accessible fashion. A complex phenomenon is explained in all its detail in a very nice blend of geometry and elementary algebra, The problem sets and the quizzes make you think. I fully recommend this course.
This course is amazing!! Even a person without physics and mathematics background can understand it. Its also very help for physics undergrad students like myself. The professor explains every concept patiently and refreshes the concept before going to the next one. Every one must try this course!!
The methodology of the Professor to tech and explain this topic was amazing and helped me understand the concept which I otherwise would have never understood.  I recommend this course for people from non-physics background but have keen interest in understanding the Special Theory of Relativity.
I had been trying to understand this concept from a long time and could never understood it.This is the best course i had done and the Instructor Sir in awesome, just awesome.I will let my daughter also take this course.Would require a signed photo autograph of Larry Randles Lagerstrom , Please.
This is the most interesting topic I've ever learned in my life.Tons*C2 of thanks to professor Lagerstrom who explained everything clearly and patiently and thanks to Stanford university too. I would so recommend this course to my fellow science enthusiasts and thanks to you too coursera.
Very well designed course with good content and information. Also takes a methodical approach to teaching and is easy to follow and get a good understanding of the underlying concepts behind special theory of relativity with context around how it was conceived and developed by Einstein.
Great class. The professor is very careful, clear, and methodical. If you know basic algebra then you'll be able to understand everything that goes on in this course. The progression is nice and slow so that when you get to the "weird stuff" it all makes perfect sense. Highly recommend.
We made haste slowly. :) And, it helped absorb some concepts which I've read multiple times over and over but could never accept. Despite having completed the course once, I keep revisiting the videos every now and then. It helps me further get the concepts as a part of my intuition.
Very well built and easy to digest course, even for somebody who is very far from maths and physics in day-to-day reality. Special thank you for refresh on school maths needed for the course - very helpful. The course takes some time and thinking, but worth it. Absolutely recommend!
Great, approachable course of the high summits of the human mind. I am grateful that I had the chance to understand this (for now) - or merely to be in the position of asking educated questions - during my lifetime. Thank you, professor  Lagerstrom, Stanford University and Coursera!
An excellent course! The professor's explanations are brilliant! And the exercises are well chosen and fit perfectly well the contents of the course. I cannot be happier with this course. Now I really feel I have a sound grasp of the Special Theory of Relativity and Einstein's life!
Great place to start the journey into the theory of relativity. Loved the Lectures, the Professor, the layout of the course. Being a Physics student this course seems to run a little slowly in the first few weeks but the detailed explanation of all the basic concepts was very good.
One of the best courses i have ever taken it uses simple everyday language,also it is great for those who want to take a quantitative approach to the whole concept of relativity.This course also features one of the best if not the best professor of physics that ever taught to me .
Larry is the best-I highly recommend! I loved this course and really enjoyed exploring these concepts. It is very well put together in a way that gives you time to ponder and try to truly understand the theory before getting to the "cool stuff." I will miss this weekly adventure!
Amazing，thanks very much for your professional and responsible in teaching.I am always having the curiosity about Einstein,so i hope maybe someday you can give us the curriculum on his general theory of relativity.Thanks again for all the courses i've learned from your teaching.
Lovely course. A well taught and elaborate explanation of the Special Theory of Relativity. Also an insight into Einstein life and how he came up with his theories in different sectors and the 5 famous papers of 1905.A must for every physics, astronomy and aerospace enthusiast.
Excellent course which presents the special theory of relativity in a very clear and accessible manner and also explains well the scientific, technological and biographical context of this discovery. I warmly recommend this course. Congratulations and thanks to Larry Lagerstrom
Excellent course. Although I'm not into this kind of science, I've managed to finally understand it. If I can, you can. You can do the course with calculations or without calculations. Anyway, I've you are curious about the subject, just take it. Thanks to the Coursera team.
great course and great instructor   i deeply understood the special theory of relativity 1-  very well organized , from simple to complex gradually 2-detailed 3 -persuasive , full of examples and logic arguments 4- clear effort and  patience of this great lecturer 3- gradual
I have really enjoyed this course, the lecturer "Larry Randles Lagerstrom" presented the course in a clear and concise way. The presentations and examples used where in easy to follow steps, which supported my learning styles...... A big thank you to Lary and the team.....
This course is very comprehensive and it is also very well prepared in order to have a progressive understanding of the theory of the special relativity. Lectures made by the instructor are very interesting and you can get addicted as if you were watching a Netflix series.
THE COURSE WAS A DELIGHT! MR. LAGERSTROM WAS AN EXCELLENT INSTRUCTOR. IT WAS A REAL PLEASURE TO SIT IN ON HIS LECTURES EACH DAY AND LEARN A DIFFICULT SUBJECT. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS COURSE TO ANYONE WITHOUT HESITATION. THANK YOU MR. LAGERSTROM FOR A TRULY WELL DONE COURSE.
Thank you very much to Professor Lagerstrom for sharing his knowledge publicly for the benefit of others. This is a fantastic course for learning the concepts of the special theory of relativity.  Highly recommended if you are getting started or getting back into physics.
This course is organized very well, and useful handouts are provided. The lectures are very easy to follow clear despite the difficulties of the topic. An historical and Philosophical contest helps to understand better the arise and development of these beautiful theory.
A brilliant course presented with knowledge and passion by Prof. Lagerstrom. It is very easy with minimal dependence on Mathematics. It certainly has inspired me to follow on to learn more about the Special and General theories. Thank you for providing the list of texts.
This is so helpful for those who wanna understand our universe and who are not learning in college for that...it helped a lot for my curiosity. Thanks to sir Larry, he has put so much efforts to let us understand what is needed...again thank you Larry Sir and Coursera.
Excellent course. Prof. Lagerstrom provided detailed explanation regarding the special theory of relativity in a very simple and understanding manner. I hope to attend more courses from the good professor soon. Thank you for sharing your knowledge to us, sir. Kudos.
exceptional introductory course to review and revisit the basic fundamentals notions about the relative motion and Einsteins special relativity ,hats off to instructor for making it look simple and interesting carry on the noble cause of spreading knowledge. Thanks
Great course, highly recommended. Very engaging instructor (at 1.25x speed at least), fascinating topic covered in-depth. I really enjoyed the organization and structure - the quizzes were effective, and the handouts were a great way to keep my thoughts organized.
I enjoyed a lot the course, knowing very little about relativity, this course explains me in a very gently manner the principles of special relativity, it is an excelent choice for beginners who wants to learn and for people with background who wants to remember.
Great Course for those who want to study the basics of special theory of relativity qualitatively, without scratching their heads too much. Math involved is of higher secondary school level and shouldn't be a problem for people with a non mathematical background.
Ennobling experience as Einstein said in one of his quotes. Thank you Professor for making things so simple and interesting. I was struggling to understand these key concepts of relativity from a long time. Would definitely join other courses similar to this one.
The course explains the Einstein theories in common words and language. Of course there is limited mathematics to make you feel convinced of the correctness of "Special Relativity". I enjoyed the lessons and course by a terrific teacher and professor. Thank you.
Grateful for the opportunity to access an extraordinary online University course. Larry make easy, simple and inspirational every little step taken towards  Einstein's mind, theories and talent . Fresh air for an already one century old insights. Thanks indeed.
The course deals with one most exciting theories in the world of science and having taken it, I can say that it is molded so as to imbibe curiosity in the minds of the most basic man with the least exposure to science. Great job by Professor Larry and Stanford.
This is an amazing course.  It could have used some graphics or animations, but the math and diagrams done on the whiteboard were really nicely done.   I came to actually understand the Special Theory of Relativity.  You need to know some algebra to get this.
Excellent course! The instructor speaks slow, so I adjusted the speed to 1.25x. But that is his motto: Festina Lente. And to be honoust it is a very abstract course, so that some items were told two or three times, makes even the hardest parts understandable.
I have always wanted to understand how relativity works and how did Einstein go about developing this theory and this course provided a brilliant opportunity and the professor delivered this a manner that allowed me to understand the process and the theory.
Great introduction to Special Relativity! Good for beginners. The math is highly simplified to an intuitive level, which gives great confidence to people (like me) who don't know calculus (yet) and thus do not (for now) understand the original 1905 paper.
A superb introduction into Special Relativity. A great way to assimilate in full the fundamental concepts before diving into a more technical/mathematical approach... if you really need it. I'm very pleased having decided to take it. Thank you very much!
It is a great course for all Physics Enthusiasts and also for someone who wants to know about Einstein. Prof. Lagerstrom is a wonderful teacher who helps you to imagine every single thought experiment in a very intuitive way. Thanks to Prof. Lagerstrom.
I like this course and i learn something new and very weird things about universe. I also thankful to Prof. Larry Lagerstrom, and Stanford University to provide such valuable knowledge and also thankful to coursera to provide such platform for learning.
Excellent course. Great lectures, perfect for anyone with a minimum background on physics. No need to have any previous knowledge of the Special Theory of Relativity. Very well explained and well designed exercises. Top experience! 100% recommended!
Really great Course: though Professor Lagestrom explanations can sometimes feel being too long, he is always very clear. I really enjoyed this Course, and wish there would bea similar follow-up course on the topic of the General Theory of Relativity
Very thorough and modern explanation of the basic principles of SR. Modern in the sense that math is not emphasized to start getting the correct intuition. Thank you Prof. Holstrom and thank you to the staff for answering all questions so promptly.
A fantastic course by a fantastic teacher. Enthusiastic and interesting and most importantly clearly explaining the subject matter. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this course to anyone and to take any other course run by Larry Randles Lagerstrom.
Really it was a great course, explained with such good examples and out teacher " just hats off to him". Sir, you were really very kind and intelligent. thank you for letting us understand the fundamentals of Einstein Special theory of Relativity.
Very clear presentation of the Physics involved. Can be followed without mathematical background. As a suggested reading I would add "L'évolution des idées en Physique" from Einstein / Infeld"Let's go now for a lecture in general relativity!
Professor was very thorough in explaining the various aspects regarding the Special Theory of Relativity. The tests and problem sets were well related to what I learned in the videos, and helped me apply what I learned. A terrific course.
The content and quality of the course is amazing. I am very satisfied with the course director's knowledge, his ability to convey that knowledge and I now have a much better understanding of the Special Theory of Relativity. Five stars!
It's a brilliant course. Although I knew nothing about this topics, even as regard as basic Physics, I understood everything. There are simple explanations and a very didactic diagramming. This was an enriching and enjoyable experience.
Thanks for this course. And I am overwhelmed by the fact that you're giving away these course materials for free. Of course, I'll buy a few important courses for I'll be asked for a certificate. Anyways, thanks a lot team course era. :)
One of the best courses I have ever seen. With only little knowledge in physics and math, it is possible to follow the course until the end. A lot of the theory is visualized in pictures and graphs to make it even better to understand.
Larry was a brilliant teacher and explained everything very clearly. He took the necessary time on each aspect of the course and made sure that the 'foundations' were laid to properly understand Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity.
I have never ever had a better course than this. As a person with a little background in physical scineces, I am capable of asking important questions about the universe. Thank you Prof. Lagerstrom for your unforgettable contribution.
I got a more in-depth understanding of how special relativity acutally works and I was able to completely clear the major doubts that i had about the various pseudo paradoxes that arised out of this theory such as the twins paradox.
This course is really good for the very beginners who have started studying physics. The way it has been presented is a very easy and lucid one. Although I would have like the optional problems to have much more harder problems.
Great teacher. Clear message. Goes slowly though the material and highlights key concepts few times to make them stay. If someone does not want slow pace can always jump ahead as course structure is well organized and described.
thank you, Professor! it has been great learning all this from you. i enjoyed the journey. it was marvelous and creative and helped me reflect upon a lot of things i was once curious about as a child and as i was growing up.
I never thought that studying Theory of Relativity could be so easy-All thanks to Larry for making the course so easy, conceptual at the same time interesting.Looking forward for your course on General theory of Relativity.
I'm a senior engineer, my job is about power electronic. I have always been interested on the Eistein's thought and I thank Coursera and Stanford University for the opportunity to discover the Special Theory of Relativity.
Great course for thoughtful minds .Awesome lectures from gifted professor.Great understanding of Einstein and Special theory of relativity . Mind blowing facts, time dilation and length contraction .And the weird paradoxes
The instructor of this is excellent and provides very good insights into the topic which is very difficult for topics like these, which is totally against our intuition. Everyone should take this course in their lifetime.
Very well Taught & Explained by Prof. Larry Lagerstrom. Thank you a lot for this effort to everyone including the Professor, the University & Coursera for such convenient & Flexible method of teaching such complex ideas.
I think this the best course for beginners who want to learn special relativity qualitatively. This course contains least mathematics. But, then also, you can learn concepts of relativity very easily without mathematics.
Really nice course, the teacher explains well and his clear. Mathematic aspects are not too difficult to understand. I really enjoyed this course and have a much better understanding of the special Theory of Relativity.
I am very happy with this course. I am a physicist and I learned too much, I think the best way to learn a theory is in a historical context. I recommend this course. I expect you open the course on general relativity.
This course really explained well "The Special Theory Of Relativity". In addition to that you can also learn that how theories develop step by step, measurement. Also I got know a lot of things about Albert Einstein.
The way the course is given, clear and slow paced, makes it easy to understand the topic for someone who hasn't done math for a long time. Which was good for me since I did the course for fun and not career related.
This was a great course and Larry Lagerstrom is a wonderful teacher. I would thoroughly recommend this course to anyone interested in Einstein's Special Theory and I'm hoping that Larry will do more physics courses.
The way topics are presented is so fluid (and for the general public) that it is impossible not to follow the roadmap and conclude the course with few but very sound concepts about the special theory of relativity.
Thanks to the professorLarry Randles Lagerstrom for this high quality course. I had exciting moments during class. It is hoped that one day humanity will become a stellar civilization ... Again thank you very much
This is one of the best course I have a taken in a while. Thank you to the Prof to make this learning experience one of the best so far, Can't imagine anyone else explaining the same material which such clarity!!!
This course helped me understanding many concepts of The Special Theory of Relativity. I recommend it particularly to high school students. Thank you very much to the teacher and all that contributed for that job.
Great class! My favorite part was the first 3 chapters regarding Einstein's background history. I don't have much of a science background so I did get a little lost later on in the course, but I still enjoyed it!
THANK YOU PROFESSOR for your efforts, your presentation made me want to study all the physics now, I'm not finished with the course yet but I couldn't wait to thank you Coursera team, this website is a blessing !
Excellent course. I particularly appreciated the step by step approach with frequent stops to go back and patiently review points which may not have been easy to digest. Prof Langstrom is the perfect instructor.
Best course I've taken so far! Extremely enjoyable. Prof. Larry is gifted with the way of explanations, I just get on watch his lectures instead of Netflixing because it was more entertaining. Thank you so much!
A fantastic course if you want to understand in a more detailed view of the Special theory of Relativity. The concepts are explained in a clear way and the profesor really transmits his passion to the students.
excellent course ...... i thank stanford  for making a course like this ! its like my dream to do p.hd in the field of theory of reletivity so this was being like my first step towards my goal.....! thank you.
If anyone who has a little bit of knowledge of basic physics, he or she can easily complete this course. After completing this i have started thinking differently about the strategies of solving str problems.
Splendid course. Congrats to the instructor who made it very clear even for a non native English person. I would strongly recommend this trip to anyone willing to understand the world through Einstein genius
Anyone that has been interested in Special Relativity and has not pursued the subject; this is the place to start. The course leader Larry Randles Lagerstrom is most professional;  indeed he is first class.
Brilliant. Fantastic teacher. And I'm not good at maths at all but I came away with quite a respectable understanding of the underlying notions of Special Relativity which is exactly what I was looking for.
Very carefully crafted course by Prof. Lagerstrom, starts with basic concepts so that every curious mind could grasp it. Always wanted to learn about Einstein's special relativity theory & now I know it.
it is one of the most hard and confusing topic on the physic . But the professor makes us very clear about the ideas of the relativity around the worldI recommend everyone to know about relativity once .
Really Informative course. Actually I'm a grad student with Physics specialization. So I was already familiar with some of this. But the way of teaching is so wonderful that I found myself as a newbie.
Instructor Dr. Lagerstrom  displays an excellent talent of both  planning and presentation of the Theory of relativity. His presentation is easy to follow and to understand. Thanks for such a good job.
Excellent course and teacher; it helped me expand and put together previous scattered knowledge I had on this topic. It has motivated me to continue my learning on astrophysics and music with Coursera.
The teacher was very good and made it easier to understand some of the more difficult topics.The course was very interesting and gave me a very good insight into Einsteins special theory of relativity.
It was wonderful experience to know the special theory of relativity from Larry, who has presented the course in very simple way to understand. Thanks a lot to Larry for providing such a good session.
Thank you sir to give me such a valuable knowledge . Your way of explanation is fabulous I can't define it in words I learned lots of new thing from you and thanks for providing the book link.....😊
Instructor made the course very enjoyable, easy to understnad for the non-technical person, very interesting and eye opening. I now have a much more humble regard of our place in the universe. Wow!
Thank you so much for taking the time to do this.  The knowledge I have gained is something that I will treasure and will propel me to keep studying and trying to understand our wonderful universe.
I enjoyed this course very much. Professor Larry Randles Lagerstrom made a difficult subject easy to understand. Especially for a fellow who at 85 has forgotten a lot of what he learned in college.
THANK YOU SO MUCH PROFESSOR FOR PUTTING THE CONCEPTS IN A SIMPLE AND ORGANIZED WAY. THE COURSE IS A REAL EYE OPENER FOR A SCIENCE ENTHUSIAST! LOOKING FORWARD TO JOIN YOUR NEW COURSES AND CONTENTS.
This course is really wonderful. You will get some basic ideas related to Einstein's theories. If you are keen to know about Einstein, it's going to be your perfect start. Really excellent course.
I really enjoyed this course. Very concise, clear yet teaches a lot of mind-challenging concepts. I am so happy that I clicked the bottom to register this course. Also, big thank to the professor.
Wonderful course on STR. Mr. Larry explained the complicated things in a very easy way using lots of diagrams. I was motivated throughout the course because he kept me on track so I lost nothing.
Excellent course.  The instructor did a wonderful job, using a white board and simple props.  He made it interesting and made these complex principles understandable.  I enjoyed the experience.
It is an excellent course. Just the right thing for a person who truly wants to understand the basics of the Special Theory of Relativity. The teaching style of the instructor is also amazing.
This is one of the most wonderful course that I have ever found on Coursera. The course take a simple and realistic approach to explain the concepts evolved in Special theory of Relativity.
It was a good introductory course for the special theory of relativity. But being from an engineering background i wished it was a bit more quantitative but an excellent course nonetheless.
This course was truly amazing and everything here was taught in a way that students can easily understand. I earnestly request Larry, sir to compile a course on general theory of relativity
Outstanding course, by far the best MOOC available. I really enjoyed listening to prof. Lagerstrom lectures and his clear explanations of a subject which is not so obvious to understand.
Easily one of the most informative courses of my life. Of course the information given was not new, but the details and L. R. Lagerstrom were really cool. I get what I expected and more/
Great course!Thanks to Professor Lagerstrom for his patient and clear way of teaching and explaining things. Looking forward for a course on General Theory of Relativity tought buy him.
This was my first course and I must say that this was great! There was never one point where I did not have a lack of  interest in the topic. I only wish that there was more to learn!
Simple and very elaborative. Enjoyed the Professors comments throughout the class. History plus concepts gave a good understanding of the theory and the background from which it came.
Extremely good course, which not only teaches the basic fundamentals of Einstein and his theories. But the biggest takeaway of the course is that it develops a scientific temperament.
An exceptional course. Covers all the basic things necessary to understand the special theory of relativity. It was well taught and will be interesting for anyone who enjoys physics.
This is one of the best online courses one can find online. The explanations were illustrative and detailed but not to the extent of making one bored. It was a fun, exciting journey.
It was very helpful.language used was simple . Professor Larry provided with wonderful deep insights. A truly enriching experience . Helped me a lot as an undergrad physics student.
I really enjoyed learning about how light and frames of reference can affect time and length, and what consequences these results have. It was a well outlined and explained course.
Very well put together course, recommended to everyone who want to understand the basic relativistic concepts. Thank you professor L. R. Lagerstrom for doing such a wonderful job.
Thank you for your effort and the clarity with which you explain these topics that help us understand a great theory and the life of a genius scientist, Einstein.

Gabriel Reynoso
An excellent courses with all material presented in a very thoughtful and systematic way. Practice problem sets are a very important addition to the course material. Well done!!!
Larry Lagerstrom did an outstanding job in presenting much counter-intuitive material.  The course flowed nicely and I feel that I have a reasonable grasp of Special Relativity.
This course is really made me understand the Special Theory of Relativity, does not matter if your physic level is not that much good, with this course you only need so basics.
teacher is good course is also good i loved it.i wanted to buy a certificate but i have not enough money to buy...anywhere thanks for enroll free thank you  so,much............
Professor Lagerstrom did a wonderful job building a foundation in order to make this very complicated theory understandable.  The course was well worth the effort.  Thank you
I have been interested in relativity for years and thought that I understood it (in a general sense) pretty well - this course gave me new insights and is highly recommended.
Very good instructor, knowledgeable, coherent, understandable, enthusiastic; course well organized, well paced; interesting subject; I learned a lot and enjoyed experience.
I am a second-year undergrad student. This is a well organized introductory course and I really enjoyed learning something new. Will definitely recommend it to a friend. :)
An excellent course for those who want to have a basic understanding of the special theory of relativity without the scary math that one usually associates with the theory.
So very glad to have taken this course.  Professor Lagerstom was an excellent lecturer, making this challenging subject understandable and interesting.  Thank you so much.
It was an amazing Course. I really enjoyed the Course and understood the concepts of the Theory of relativity. The weeks were really well-thought and add up to each other.
Fantastic course! Really encouraged me to go study Physics at University. Really well explained and completely sparked me enthusiasm. So thought provoking and interesting!
Overall, I thought the course content was very interesting and I really enjoyed learning more about Einstein and theories about time dilation and other related materials.
Amazing course that makes your mind opened for imagination in a magic Einsteinal world with a great instructor who simpliphy every tiny information.thanks alot Dr. Larry
Really interesting course, Prof L Lagerstrom is extremely good at teaching the concepts in a comprehensive way ; I hope that he will give more courses in the future ! :)
Very good, easy to follow course. Concepts like time slowing down and things becoming shorter at high velocities are no longer a mysterie to me after taking this course.
Really great course, it can be seen that professor really puts in great effort and repeats key concepts throught course so you never go astray of main ideas. Thank you.
Very good introduction to the topic without going too far in depth into the calculations. This has inspired me to take more advance physic courses to continue to learn.
This was an extremely interesting course.  Thank you for offering it.  You really made it understandable while still maintaining the wonder of such "weird" phenomenon.
Best Astronomy Course Ever. I love Standford and would even like to choose Standford University for my higher education and research. I highly recommend this course !
though i have read lots of popular physics before, nothing ever explained lorentz contraction and time dliation like dr lagerstrom!  really helpful new understanding.
IT WAS A WONDERFUL COURSE. THANKS TO CALIFORNIA UNIVERSITY AND THE PROFESSOR DR. LARRY LAGERSTROM FOR DELIVERING THE COURSE IN A VERY SYSTEMATIC AND JOYFUL MANNER.
A wonderful course that will enable literally anyone, even without any sort of mathematical background to grasp the idea behind the Special Theory of Relativity.
This course is excellent. I want to know and learn about Einstein's special theory of relativety. This course tech me everything about it. Sir Thank you so much.
Great course! Mr. Lagerstrom thank you very much for giving us your insight about Special Theory of relativity and more generally  for your learning initiative !
A great course for beginners. While it does not cover a large number of topics, the ones it does, it tries to do slowly, thoroughly and with clarity of thought.
Very methodical & lucid way of explaining the concepts. Understanding of Special Theory of Relativity made relatively easy, pun intended! Thank you Professor...
It was a great experience to learn such fascinating things in such a beautiful way, I believe it increased my eagerness even more towards this beautiful topic.
Fully Packed with knowledge !!. Best Course for First year students in physics and general people who are interested in physics and with no background in math.
Very formative for those without mathematic knowledge. It addresses the key concepts of special relativity at a very reasonable and undemanding pace. Thanks!
It is a great course for anyone who wants not only to learn the theory but to understand it and how it's creator  Albert Einstein came to these discoveries.
Best course to understand the basis of the Special Theory of Relativity, mainly for such guys who mean to understand this theory only by using mathematics.
Very pedagogic course on a fascinating subject that is not well understood by non-physicists, even though it is considered as scientific general knowledge
Thoroughly planned and thought-out course. excellent presentation, no technical issues; has a strong impact on the mind. wonderful course in all respects.
An invigorating course that provides foundational understanding of the core concepts and theories in physics and Einstein's ingenuity. Highly recommended.
It is one of the best course on this topic I followed. The presenter is a very good pedagogic and speak a very pleasant English for non native listeners.
good course and based on the simplification of the course anyone with physics background join and learn the concept of the special theory of relativity.
An amazing course for the Astrophiles and curious physics enthusiasts . The course is very well organized and its easy to learn . A great experience .
The course is great !Thank you very much for you effort !It is genuine the best explanation about special theory of relativity I've ever learn about !
Great course. Totally appreciate the time and effort (and patience) by Professor to help me have a solid foundation on special theory of relativity
Good course, for to learn, imaging,considering,observing and measuring.Especially examples are very interesting.Like clocks,spaceships,light beams.
Superb. Professor Lagerstrom masters the topic and knows how to make easy a subject that apparently isn't. Thank you for sharing your knowledge :)
This course is just amazing! I wish I had that kind of teacher in school as Prof. Lagerstrom. I'll be coming back to this lectures. Pure pleasure!
A really great course. It was very nicely taken from the start. Really enjoyed the course. Looking forward to start General Theory of Relativity.
Brilliant course. It is taught in such a manner as to really get a feel for relativity and to understand the core principles. Highly recommended.
This was a great course. It was informative (I had several "a-ha moments") and enjoyable. Professor Lagerstrom is truly and educator. Well done.
Great course! Really enjoyed my learning with crystal clear explanation of each and every concept associated with special theory of relativity.
Exceptional course content, incrediable professor and staff. I am very sad that I finished the course because I enjoyed a lot all the journey.
Excellent experience and the Professor is an excellent teacher by showing all these concepts in a way that is really easy to understand them.
This course is really brilliant, Professor Lagerstrom ( I hope I have spelt the name correctly ) really knows the subject, a superb lecturer.
Dr Lagerstrom is terrific.  WhileI had to watch 2 lectures a second time, I found the course materials and lectures to be clear and precise.
Awesome course, well explained. Helps get a good understanding of the basics along with the mathematics behind special theory of Relativity.
This course could not have been given better. It explained the concepts of the special theory of relativity in a concise though complete way
This course explains Special theory of Relativity very well and makes peolpe who have only basic physics background understand this theory.
A truly amazing course. Everything was covered in great amounts of detail. I loved the way the course was taught step by step with quizzes.
This course has been very enriching in terms of personal knowledge, thank you! My goal was to learn, regardless of its practical usefulness
This course was very helpful to me in terms of understanding the special theory of relativity and some of the paradoxes like twin paradox.
Excellent course! Highly recommended for anyone interested in Einstein and finding out about his contributions to Science, and Philosophy.
very interesting course, it convers the basics of the theory of relativity, also putting it in an historical context,  outstanding teacher
This course is excellent, Improve the critical thinking and the understanding to the basic concepts of the relativity and it's philosophy.
Thank you so much for this wonderful opportunity, looking forward for more courses hopefully General Relativity from the same instructor.
Excellent course. it explained the theory in a comprehensive way and shed light on many dark corners of this science. It helped me a lot.
Simply OUTSTANDING!  Well designed, clear, fun, easy to follow and tremendously beneficial to my ongoing thirst to understanding reality.
Great course for anyone interested and intellectually curious! Very detailed and thorough even at a basic level! Would highly recommend!
The best course I have attended so far! The Lecturer was very clear and easy to follow despite the themes explained are not easy at all!
The pace of week1-week3 are too slow for learners with well science / mathematics background.All parts of the course are well explained.
Well organized and described - Each section can add to one's appreciation for the basic physics behind the special theory of relativity.
The Way Instructor Had Arranged And Explained The Concepts Is Love. Thanks To And Instructor - Larry Randles Lagerstrom And Coursera :)
Thank you very match! It was really interesting course! I found out a lot of new amazing information about time and physics generally.
Fantastic course! I was able to complete it without a strong math background! the Instructor is very thorough and very easy to follow!
Excellent course and loved the way Prof. delivered the course. Wish he could take up a course in General Theory of Relativity as well.
This course is awesome . The lectures provided by the Stanford is very helpful. Our professor is also very helpful and encouraging.
A enjoyable and well laid out course, mathematics level: high school, some rigorous algebraic proofs  though not essential to pass.
Excellent course, very informative and interesting - even without a math/physics background, I feel I've taken a lot away from it.
This material is probably the best explanation currently available for anyone and allows for intuitive understanding of the Theory
An excellent course with great videos explaining the concepts at a level and pace that could be understood. Thank you very much.
This course was amazing. The way Proff. Larry Taught, was so subtle and understandable. I recommend this course foe enthusiasts.
Great course.  I have a BS in physics from Colorado School of Mines, which is a tough school, and they didn't explain it as well
Fantastic, best course ever. I sincerely congratulate Larry Randles for his great work.Thanks, Javier LázaroSan Sebastián Spain
The course was informative and took a very unique and simple approach to explain The Special Theory of Relativity to beginners.
Very good course for people with little formal preparation in mathematics. The instructor explains the concepts very patiently.
Very enriching, even to a 12th grade student. Well made, everything was well explained, The instructor was very professional.
Lovely course, the historical info along with the physics are delightful. Little math but the concepts are explained clearly.
the course was amazing and it was a wonderful experience to learn the special relativity through such professional teacher.
Thanks a lot for this course. I learnt a lot from this course and certified.i also got certificate .And it is easy to learn
Well structured and explained.  The course shows the advantages of a classical board in comparison to showing just slides.
Very nice introductory course for those who always wanted to understand what is the spacial theory of relativity is about.
it is really a wonderful experience to think beyond every life.  it is better than any other science fictions. it is REAL!
Thank you dr Lagerstrom (and all other who made this course) for making it! It has been a great and interesting struggle.
This was really amazing. I would like to do another advanced relativity course with Prof. Langerstrom as the instructor.
It is very informative from level zero to highest. Every topic covered sufficient knowledge.  Overall very interesting.
Very thorough, but relatively easy to understand, due to the use of appropriate analogy and well described explanation!
Fantastic insight into Einstein's special theory of relativity. Great food for thoughts and excellent teaching methods.
Excellent introduction to the Special Theory of Relativity: steady pace, lucid explanations and thorough comprehension.
Great course if you want the intuition behind the special theory of relativityProf. Lagerstrom is a brilliant teacher.
Very well taught, explored a little in less in depth than what I thought it would. But a brilliant course all the same
Thank you Coursera for providing such a excellent course with such a master prof. from such a prestigious university.
Awesome course!! Professor explained the concepts in a very simple manner and yet explained them in great details....
The instructor for this class has a way of making the material very understandable and enjoyable.  Excellent course!
one of the best courses I have attended. Have explained complex concepts well enough to understand and think about !
This course is outstanding in every way. Very accessible,enjoyable and taught superbly. I can't recommend it enough.
contents are interesting. the explanation is clear. really a good introduction on the special theory of relativity.
Excellent.  With just a little bit of Algebra I now feel comfortable with Einstein's  Special Theory of Relativity.
Very good course and great teacher, he really does his best to make things easy to understand but still with humor.
A step by step explanation of Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity from the basic concepts, with many examples.
This course is good enough but so lengthy content and sometimes is is difficult to recall and answer the question.
This is the best course I've seen , the professor teaches such a difficult in an understandable way!! Hats off...
One of the best online courses I've ever taken! Loved it. Prof. Larry Randles Lagerstrom's lectures are awesome.
Love this. Everything is so clear and extremely well organized, I like the fact that sheets are available to us.
Thank you Professor Lagerstrom for the very interesting course on the Special and General Theory of Relativity!
Understandable
for one with fair skills in mathematics and physics.Simple
explanation of non-intuitive reality.
A bit tedious sometimes but quite rewarding once completed, especially topics covered during last week (Week 8)
Amazing course! If you're looking to broaden you're knowledge in Physics then this course won't disappoint you.
This course provides a clear and accessible introduction to a theory that can otherwise be difficult to grasp.
An interesting course, the special theory of relativity easy for anyone to understand and very well explained.
This course was great and I finally can understand the concepts of the special theory of relativity! Thanks!
Good material and great Tutors. Response from the moderators and mentors on discussion forum is very helpful
This is the best course to learn relativity for a beginner. Hope to see more courses from the same lecturer
I have problems ina test !    I answered and got them all right, but it came out with a percentage of 66.6%
Exceptional course with an exceptional instructor. Easy to understand, concise, yet incredibly informative.
best course for who loves Einsteina and his theory and best part of the course is the professor i love him
Exceptionally well planned course, very helpful quizes and problems for practice and deeper understanding.
Interesting with a historical perspective. Very engaging instructor. Good foundation for further studies.
Exceptionally planned and taught. Many thanks to the Professor and to Coursera for this rare opportunity.
An excellent course.  Paced well and with clear consistent methodology and terminology.  Well presented.
Thank you. I really enjoyed the course. Just the right mix of maths, theory and background information.
Very interesting and not so much difficult. The professor speak slowly and it's easy to undertsand him.
This course is really worth the time. And the professor is amazing.He explains the course very nicely.
Wow. I think I now understand Special Relativity, maths and all. Very well taught course. Many thanks.
So much fun and great lectures.  Broken down in a great way for someone many years from math classes.
Excellent course.  Enjoyed lectures and examples presented that truly helped me understand the topic.
Course was well organised and with mostly qualitative discussions. This course is apt for beginners.
Very thorough and incredibly well-explained. I would love a GR course taught by the same professor!
Very well thought syllabus and the professor really taught it well. The handouts are simply awesome
Very good for understanding the basics of special relativity and learning some scientific history.
Excellent,Detailed,Interesting ,Testing with Problems c/w solutions reinforced learning experience
Excellent! Clearly explained, good pace, not too fast, nor too slow. A lot of examples! very good!
My struggle to understand was a wonderful experience. Inspired to keep learning. Thank you, Larry!
really interesting, you get to know about many universe facts, it is like a science fiction movie.
Delicately designed course, the joy of learning has motivated to explore more courses on physics.
Impressive course! A more in-depth experience may have been more interesting!Thank you very much!
The course is fantastic. .I enjoyed it a lot but some animations should be shown during lectures.
Awesome course by a true teacher that not just explains, but leads you to the real understanding.
Excelent! everything is perefectly well explained and the bases of the Einstein's theory is clear
As said by Einstein... Struggle hard to understand.But once we understand, nothing gonna be hard
Taught in a relatively :) easy to understand fashion that put lots of concepts into perspective.
Great in contents and rhythm. Using just a board! English easy to follow for no-native speakers.
It is one of the best courses on courser. I enjoyed it a lot as well as learned some new things.
Great course! very well organised and the teacher does a really good job at explaining concepts.
There is certainly more to Einstein than merely his theories of special and general relativity.
Very nice introduction to Einsteins work and the theory of relativity. I can only recommend it.
Absolutely loved this course! I highly recommend it for everyone who is interested in physics
Amazing course, but the videos can be shorter as same concepts are explained  more than once.
Great course, I now know the Special Theory of Relativity well enough to teach it to others!
these lectures are very good and contain lots of details that I cannot read in my textbook,!
Excelent course, easy explanations for complicated arguments. The quizes  were very helpful
Excellent Course!!  The instructor took abstruse concepts and made them accessible and fun!
Very interesting course. It gave me a basic understanding of Special theory of relativity.
Fantastic course that is designed for anyone with at least basic knowledge of mathematics.
This is a wonderful introduction to the Special Theory. Very well prepared and delivered.
I did not know physics could be so easy.A really great course but the lecturer is better.
Great course!  Finally understood how to interpret the principles of Special Relativity.
The teacher is great. He explains all the concepts very well. It was a wonderful course.
Very well taught and will definitely  increase viewer's interest in theoretical physics.
Very detailed content and many examples. I learned a lot in an always entertaining way.
Great to begin to learn special theory of relativity. Love the way of everything flows.
second time in my life I had a course at this level of clarity.Extremely gifted teacher
great course.just enough math .repition of key points really helped.will miss it.thanks
Although the lectures get a bit repetitive, the course is still awesome! Thanks a lot!
This course provides a fundamental understanding of the Special Theory of Relativity.
Sometimes a little too thorough on the explanations, but overall an excellent course.
An experience of discovery into the perspective of 1905, and the path of reasoning.
Very well done, and reasonable amount of information delivered at the right pace.
Great introduction to Special Theory of Relativity.  Challenging yet accessible.
This course goes straight to the point. Now I have a better understanding of STR
Very interesting course which gave me some interesting insights into the topic.
Great course at beginner level. Creates foundation and interest to dive deeper.
Larry is a fantastic teacher and makes the subject matter easier to understand.
Excellent and most complete course concerning The Special Theory of Relativity.
100% recommend for anyone who enjoys the fun implications of higher-level math!
A very easy way to learn a very complicated theory
It's slow but very thorough
I'm at 7th week of this course and so far I've truly enjoyed and learnt a lot!
Larry R Lagerstrom is an extraordinay instructor, for an extraordinary course.
Best beginner course to know about relativity and in turn understand Einstein
Very clear and understandable from an algebraic math background. Thank You!!
I never knew I would understand the Special Theory of Relativity. Until now!
Very professional presentation. Arranged for easy understanding. Well done.
Great course, gave me a really good understanding of this wonderful theory.
On week 2, LOVING this so far! I will get this certificate, I am confident.
Awesome methodology for teaching students not even from science background
Excellent choice for a beginner on this matter. Clear, insightful, course.
This course really help me to satisfy my quest to understand time dilation
Excellent course, It lets You understand clearly the strange nature works.
Concepts all very clearly explained. Diagram and notes were very helpful.
Except from the slow pace of teaching, everything is clearly illustrated!
Most complicated things explained so easily. A true mind changer course.
A very useful insight into Einstein and his Special Theory of Relativity
Very well paced, with very clear explanations and interesting insights.
This great explation course that should work in daily life of physics.
Right now I understand what Dr. Einstein is talking about. Hats off to
I have never felt so enthusiastic to study anything in my entire life!
Best leactures i have ever attended in my life.Thank you so much sir.
larry was a great teacher and i really enjoyed this course! thank you
Awesome course. Anyone interested in Special Relativity must do it.
This course is wonderful, and the teacher is excellent. Thank you!
"the struggle to understand can be an ennobling experience" (cit.)
superb course from a professor who makes such a tough topic simple
Very thoughtful and interesting. Also not very hard to understand.
Great course that was really interesting and thoroughly explained.
Excellent to make a sense and appreciate the beauty of this theory
Very well taught! Clear explanations and very interesting subject.
Simple, objective, informative. Amazing course, thanks Coursera !
The course was very good and the teacher was very clear, thanks!
Really informative and mostly simplified for most to understand.
This was an exceptional experience. Thank you, Prof. Lagerstrom!
this is an excellent and interesting introduction to the subject
Excellent course. Very well structured and stimulating content.
Excellent, these important concepts finally seem to make sense.
This is a very good course! any thanks to professor Lagerstrom.
Very well explained course, thank's to Prof. Larry Lagerstrom.
It very well explained by profesor Lagerstrom. Congatulations!
The course was an enriching experience that truly ennobled me!
quite slow, but makes it super easy to understand, i loved it!
Amazing course!!! Thanks a lot! Wonderful course and teacher!
Wonderful Introductory Course which seek to Study. Thank you.
Perfect in every aspect, Thank you for this excellent course.
This is the best course on special relativity for a beginner.
Excellent course.  Excellent instructor. Well worth the time!
A very good introductory course to the theory of relativity.
Excellent course for those yet unfamiliar or as a refresher!
Well explained and easy to follow. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
course well organised. nice note preparation and hand outs.
It was a great opportunity for me to enhance my knowledge.
Everything was perfect. I learnt a lot here. Great Thanks.
Very well structured course, and the instructor is superb.
great course. clear lectures which elucidate the concepts.
it´s a very good course, you just need basic math notions
Very simple math. Very clear description of the theory.
This was a very well explained and demonstrated course.
Really enjoyed the course from begging up to the end!!
Very nice course. A very ennobling experience indeed.
Very helpful for me to prepare for the next semester.
Great course! The materia is covered in great depth.
A very comprehensive and a well thought-out course.
Superb course and a superb lecturer. Thanks so much
Very easy to understand! Great pace for beginners
Excellent teaching ..Thank you so much professor.
Very clear explanation with minimal prerequisites
Clear and concise course on this exciting topic!
great course that explains concepts really well!
Superb course. Engrossing from start to finish!
great...but need some documents...or text book.
Excellent Presentation by Dr Larry Lagerstrom.
Understand the marvelous structure of reality
Beautifully explained and extremely engaging!
It was an amazing course.It was very helpful
Clear and complete. Very good for beginners.
absolultely brilliantly taught course - wow!
Amazing concepts and very interesting course
I enjoyed the focused detail of the course.
Excellent course with an excellent teacher!
Good course indeed. Thanks Mr. Lagerstorm.
One of the courses that i have taken ever!
Exceptionally well organized, very clear.
A very enjoyable course very well taught!
Great..... Learn many new things here....
quite enlightening! Great job Mr. Randles
Best Physics for Poets I have ever seen.
ONE OF THE BEST COURSE COURSE FOR MASSES
Awesome course learnt a lot from my Guru
My first coursera course, I enjoyed it.
Amazing, anyone should take that course
Wonderful presentation. Learned a ton!
It was a lot of fun to learn all this!
Very interesting, very well explained.
Perfectly explained. Love the teacher.
Great professor and in depth teaching
A fantastic course for science minds
It is clear, precise, and enjoyable.
Awesome Course worth spending time.
This was a great course, thank you!
Really this is a fantastic course.
Very interesting and all is clear.
Very good course! Learned a lot!!
perfect course for all physicists
A wonderful course and professor!
it is a great course. Thank you!
Great course, awesome instructor
Great Intro to Einsteins ideas.
Very clear and well presented.
it is really amazing and fun !
HEAVY STUFF BUT GREAT TEACHER
A great exercise in thinking.
Best course I ever attended.
This course is wonderful.
Wonderful and really hard
Amazing . time is suspect
Very well conduct course.
Classic style of teaching
That's amazing course...
Very very strong course
A course for everybody!
This Course was amazing
Top, easy to understand
Brilliantly presented
genreral and complete
Excelent, very clear
Really appreciated!
BEST TEACHER EVER
Fantastic teacher
Superb teaching.
Very educated
Great couse!
woww love it
A thourough
i love this
