The certificate has a bad quality. "Standford" sign just like a copy-paste name from the web. Not good
The name of this course is misleading; although the course gives you useful information about writing in sciences it has a serious focus on medical sciences. So if you are a chemist, mathematician or a physicist it might be annoying for you to be bombarded with medicine technical words and journals. Approximately more than 80 percent  of the examples of writings are from medicine journals.  The course has bunch of interviews with medicine scientists that makes me feel exhausted.  If the professor of the course  agrees that the medical sciences is not  the only science she' should change the name of the course to 'Writing in the medical Science'  or she should change the one-sided point of view of this course.
While there were some helpful general tips, this course should really be called "Medical Journal Writing". With a course title like "Writing in the Sciences", you would expect it to apply to all (or a least a broad range of) branches of science. However, 99% of the examples were about medical science journal papers. This is not at all helpful to those of us who aren't doctors or medical researchers. It is very difficult to slog through when you can't understand the underlying examples. Either change the name of the course to Writing in the MEDICAL Sciences or broaden the scope of the examples. Because as is, this course was all but useless.
i am waiting along time for the peer review to open, then to be reviewed by peers, i am still waiting for a submission to review, despite thet i have finished the course and all quizz for along time.
I struggled listening to the lectures, I struggled taking some of the tests as many as 6-8x's, I was upset when the course made me wait a week for it to "start" so I could take some of the tests. I completed the work in 2 weeks, then had to wait for other people to catch up so I could leave feedback. I was also upset to have spent money on this, and felt like I wasn't going to retain any of it. And while that is likely partially true, I then had to help a friend  improve their letter of intent for school. We cut 3 pages down to a solid one, removed the fluff and got down to the point. It now reads like a professional letter. I think this course definitely improved my writing.
I felt the second part of the course rather uninteresting. I'm much more interested in improving my writing style rather than knowing how to write a captivating tweet. Additionally, some editing exercises are hard for those of us that are not from the biology field, because we are not accustomed to terms and concepts this discipline. Maybe proposing editing exercises on more generic texts would be helpful.
While the material was good I felt the level of competency required to finish the course was not that high. I think more focus should be put into how the grading is done. I understand this is difficult to do in an online course as testing methods are limited. All in all I still learnt some useful skills from the course.
I decided to give this course 3 stars because the science content was a little overboard for my purposes.  I could have benefited more with more examples of how and when to use grammar, style and structure.  Instead, I felt like I needed to be a scientist to understand those examples.
I really enjoyed the first four to five weeks of the course. I learned a lot about writing more clear from these weeks. However, afterwards, the course was not relevant. I think the course would be best split between normal science writing, and less common topics.
a good course but please make it more easier for a beginner.
Very good course. I have been doing medical writing for past 5 years and I was already good at it. I was looking for a course for my wife and then I came across this one. Still, I took this course and I learned a lot from it. The course is good at what it gives but it should focus also on how to write the paper as well. The course right now is more focussed on editing part and not about the actual writing.
Very good course, I wish I did it by the time I was doing my Master studies in The Netherlands. It would have been quite useful. The insights I gained here are superior to what I got from the writing labs at Wageningen.
The main instructor is a great teacher. I have particularly enjoyed the first half of the course that gives general writing tips, applicable to manuscripts as well as lay articles. I enjoyed the optional edit videos, they are very informative. The anecdotes about writers/scientists/plagiarism, etc. are also very entertaining.The second half of the course is not always as focused on writing (e.g. interviewing/being interviewed, social media, etc.), which is ok, but not what I expected. For example, I did not find Amy Adams' videos very useful. For social media in particular, I expected to learn how to write punchy yet accurate social media posts (since this course is about writing). Instead, the video was more of an introduction to "what is social media".The certificate provided by Stanford Online has some layout issues, I hope this can be fixed soon.Overall I recommend this course for beginner writers, it is very useful!
I really liked this course. This is the first time someone taught me how to write effectively for different purposes. I mean, teaching these things is so valuable, but no professor I have had since high school has ever taken the time to teach this simple concepts with examples as well, such as cutting the clutter, using more verbs, using the active voice instead of the passive voice, etc. Although I started this course to just learn how to write effectively, I didn't like the last units because they consisted on how to write papers, how to submit them, etc., and I wasn't searching for that. But for everything else, excellent course and excellent professor. The course is designed to constantly test your skills and make sure you learns all the writing principles. Also, and especially for me that English is not my native language, I have seen that I can use this principles to write effectively in Spanish.
I was searching for slightly different course, more in direction 'Medical writing', and found by chance the one by Dr. Kristin Sainani. Still, I found the course very useful! I is structured very well and covers all topics needed for academic writing. It goes even beyond, covering particular types of written pieces like review papers, grants, letters of recommendation, and personal essays. I found units 1, 2, 3, discussing the key principles of effective writing at grammatical level, very useful, but my favourite was unit 8 about the communication to broader audiences (e.g. writing newsletter articles) including handling media relations. Great asset of the course are the live demos - really excellent job! Units 4, 5, 6, 7 were very informative, but less useful for my area of work.A small recommendation would be to improve the sound of some few videos.
A very nice overview of writing for the sciences -- everything from journal articles, peer reviews, letters of recommendation, to news items and press releases. Many of the main points were known to me -- remove jargon, use the active voice -- were already known to me, but it always good to be reminded. I also learned some new things -- for example, I had never heard of a "nut-graf" before!One suggestion for improvement: the series of (three?) interviews with Kristin's colleagues were somewhat repetitive. I believe she asked the same series of questions to each of the three subjects. It would have been better, in my opinion, to focus on different topics with each one, and give each interview its own unique subject.All in all, a very well-organized and well-taught class.
This is really useful and informative course for both beginners and advanced level researchers. I learned many practical things from this course which will continue to help me throughout my academic career. I suggest some reordering of the units for future editions of the course: for example: the first three units delved right into the sentence-level editing. It would be much more efficient and engaging if the next editions start right from the pre-writing phase (unit 4 of the current course).
Very informative, most of the information is presented in a way that is easily viewed and understood. The biggest con is that when the edits/markups are performed using pen/pencil on the slides are basically impossible to see on the Coursera format. If we could view them full screen or as actual slides it might be easier, but to try to follow someone's edits verbally is really difficult. Overall the course was fantastic!
The course offers you all the fundamental and comprehensive guidelines in a very practical and easy to understands way.Dr.Kristin Sainani is a great tutor. I loved the optional editing videos, they really gave me an insight into editing. I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to hone his/her skills in Scientific Writing. I hope Coursera comes up with more such courses on scientific and medical writing.
Overall I really liked this course. Even with many years of experience in writing and publishing papers, I learnt a lot. There were certain instances where I did not agree with Dr. Sainani's recommendations. But one's writing choice and style sometimes boils down to personal taste and the scientific content. I hope there is an advanced version of this course in the near future.
This was a really great course and was worth my time. It provided me with a number of strategies to make my science writing clear and succinct without losing important scientific concepts needed for my field. It also had me consider best practices in summarizing my findings for audiences outside of my field, outside of science, and for the public.
This course is applicable to both beginning and experienced writers.  I took this course as a refresher and found it worthwhile.  Units 1-6 were most helpful with units 7-8 less so but these units are focused on those in Academia.  Overall, a good course and worth the time.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. It challenged me coming from a non-scientist background. I work in a hospital and am exposed daily to medical terms which is what brought me to the course. Overall I feel that I improved my skill set which allows me to advance my career.
Thank you Dr. Kristin Sainani for your wonderful lecture, facilitated learning by making this course easier and I've improved my writing skills significantly. Thanks to Coursera for bringing Writing in the Sciences, and I recommend everyone to enroll in this course.
The course was very informative and easy to understand for a lay person like me who has no relation to medicine or academiics . kristin was brilliant.. I loved the course. My only suggestion is to use non scientific examples sometimes so It'd be easier and more fun.
Every type of science-related writing is explained; some extraordinary and some boring. But the course is very fulfilling and definitely worth your while. It polishes your knowledge of writing and gives you the proper meaning of writing in the sciences. Good luck
I found this course very helpful in pointing out some things in writing I hadn't though of before or didn't realize I was doing which made my writing less clear and concise. The hands-on exercises helped to solidify the concepts in the lessons.
Great information for the most part, but some of it was clearly outdated (2012, etc.) and restructured without adjusting the content to reflect the changes. I did really appreciate the general tips and practice in editing/publishing.
It's a great course that provides a great perspective on academic writing. I especially enjoyed the interviews that were included. However, some of the content does seem a bit old, newer versions would be great and more relatable.
I thought this was extremely helpful and insightful.  I do not like waiting on other to review my submissions.  I don't have control over what others do. And I don't have time to plea with others to do so.
Could use more variety in journal examples. Course was a little heavy on medical biology; it would've been nice having examples from other sciences as well. Otherwise, very helpful course.
This course provides a basic idea of how to approach writing with variety of examples. The course covers some techniques and knowledge that are useful for doing actual writing.
Was indeed helpful although in my case the later content was not relevant to my personal situation. I enjoyed the examples and succinct explanations of the content.
Overall the course was a nice experience and i learnt a lot. But I think course content should be upgraded now (apparently content creation was done 4-5 yrs back).
Thank you very much for this wonderful course Well explained and structured .Assignments were really helpfulflexible enough to cater to the working folks.Great
A very good course. I have learnt a lot from it and would recommend to anyone who want's to start learning from scratch.Thank you for a good course.
Very well laid out. Examples provided for all explanations, even the interviews. Very useful for someone who needs to adapt to a new way of writing.
The presenter is well knowledgeable and almost his presentations are clear.It is benefits for those who wants to learn writing in academic field.
It is a beneficial course well prepared by the supervisor Dr SainaniI recommend  this course to whom willing to be an excellent scientific writer
This course was extremely informative, but a tad boring. It also needs a little updating, especially because social media has become so pervasive
Excellent courso. I learned a lot. If i can do a suggestion, i would suggest a little bit more of grammar and less about talking to the media.
I got a great experience from this course, but it may be better if we have a direct discussion with the instructor though e-mail or messages
Very good introductory course. Not much interactive but quite engaging also in this format. I'll recommend it to colleagues and friends.
Very interesting and helpful course not only for those who are starting to write scientific documents, but to improve writing skills.
This course was lovely and beautiful; however, I feel some of the modules were too detailed and some topics could have been omitted.
Great course to learn the foundation of medical writing. Videos got a little tedious toward the end, but otherwise very educational.
Excellent course but assignments and examples in this course should be versatile - contents should not be only medicine or related.
Thanks Dr. Kristin Sainani for this amazing course and providing an in-depth account of effective and engaging scientific writing!
It is strong course. Really, it gave me new information and knowledge about different topics of scientific writing.
I found the course extremely helpful and look forward to applying the skill I have learnt when writing my thesis.
The course is great especially the first half. Great tips and practice to improve your scientific writing skills.
Very good introductory course on the different type of writing that scientists can face. I enjoyed it very much!
First lessons were very helpful and well taught. Last ones are a bit basic for those with academic background.
Especially the first three weeks about how to write strong and concise sentences/paragraphs, was very useful!
Some of the power points were redundant, but I enjoyed the narrative and how concise things were. thank you
It was very nice and easy. I think you may review some videos as the sound doesn't go wit the pic.Thank you
Wonderful course. I enjoy the personality/humor of the professor. Reasonably difficult and fascinating.
The first few weeks are useful for not just scientific writers but also anyone who wants to write more
Great in-depth review and explanation of writing in the sciences. This will be beneficial for my
Could have been better if the instructor would have shared examples from other disciplines.
Very sensible and practical. Esp the one on writing for lay audiences. Love the Nut Graf!
Really interesting course for every PhD student to write his first scientific article.
There was a lot of helpful information that pertains to more than scientific writing.
I learned some helpful tips for writing and was able to practice my writing skills.
Wonderful! Helped a lot in understanding the way of writing a scientific article.
This course provided me a lot of knowledge in writing a scientific papers!
a bit too many not-really-necessary interviews, but overall very good.
Very valuable insights into the principles of good scientific writing.
Great course! A bit lengthy, but incredibly useful for most academics.
A very nice course...wouldn't mind recommending this to a peer.
Being a pharmacy student ,this course was very useful for me.
Great course for beginners to learn scientific writing!
Excellent course to hone your science writing skills.
Great course! Needs a 2 course with more practicum!
It is a good course.Gave me lot of knowledge.
It´s an excellent course, i learned a lot.
Very good course but it is kind of long.
A recommended course to all researchers
Good for academic researcher
Great Learning experience!
my first and  best course
practical and effect.
Good information.
Very well done.
Great course. Learned so much that will help me be a better writer and editor, not only in the sciences, but in other areas.  A fantastic professor, clear thinking, speaking, writing. an inspiration.
A very good and useful course focusing not only on grammar and papers but on personal statements and news articles as well. The lecturer shares lots of insight from her vast experience and examples.
Thanks Dr. Kristin for this interesting course. It was so useful. I have learnt a lot from it. Your pretty way of teaching encouraged me to complete the course. Thanks for this exciting experience.
Overall, this was a great course for any scientist looking to improve their writing and editing skills. I have a PhD in chemistry from Ga Tech and work as a freelance editor with scientists who are non-native English speakers, and I took this course because I never received any formal editing training. This course has been great for improving my editing skills, allowing me to work more efficiently and quickly. Weeks 1-6 were filled with some of the most useful information I've ever read. I've already started incorporating the skills I've learned in this course into my editing work.As others have stated, I do wish that there was more non-medical content.  I also found the peer-review exercises to be quite useless (at least as far as the grading goes), as most people completing this course appear to be non-native English speakers. The content in Weeks 7 and 8 was not all that useful too me, and seemed to try to cover too much.A suggestion: when discussing the major sections of a paper, Kristin split the Results and Discussion section into two sections; however, some journals combine the Results and Discussion sections, and I think some commentary on this would also be very helpful!
The course is so informative that I think everyone should take a try. It provides us a fundamental elements to write in a professional way that is not only for our study but also for our profession.
Best course that teach me how to write manuscripts, edits scientific work and also read with understanding the scientific work. Lot I have benefited from this program, when interviewing a scientist what you have to expect and the way of asking questions so that it will allow a scientist to explain clearly.  Also peer reviewing assisted me a lot in reading other's work and grade it, I was also benefiting from that.This is the best course indeed!
This is a fantastic course, the best online course I have ever done. Kristin's teaching style is clear and engaging, and there are lots of practical examples to help you apply the principles that she teaches. If English isn't your first language and you don't have experience of writing essays / papers in English, I would recommend completing a more basic course first, in order to get the most out of this.
Fantastic course that's hard to fault. I am not a working scientist but an inspiring writer in the medical / scientific field. This couse refreshed my knowledge and taught me a lot more. Thank you.
Dr. Kristin Sainani:I want to thank you for giving us such a wonderful course. I am not a native speaker and still learned a lot. I am no longer afraid to write but the most important thing is that you really inspired me.I hope you upload here a statistics course taught by you.
The content of the course is great. I received some practical advise about how to improve my writing. I appreciated also the suggestions about the writing process, e.g. starting from preparation of figure and tables. Even if sometimes the teacher recommend using structures against the common practices, e.g. using active verbs vs passive, she was always able to motivate and explain the reasons (and she convinced me!).I appreciated the opportunity to have some of my exercise corrected by other students.I did not like the format of the lesson: the slides are poorly designed, sometimes the teachers uses a thin hand writing which is difficult to see. I believe that the presentation can be easily improved using the unique features available in e-learning (see for example Calculus I from Ohio State University). I also suggest to keep always on the teacher's camera: it makes it easier to focus. I would also avoid the last module about social media, I found it boring and empty.Overall my experience was definitely positive and I would highly recommend this course to other scientists.
Absolutely phenomenal course and worth taking if you are an undergraduate or graduate student eager to learn more about a writing a scientific paper. This course will put you way ahead of your peers and prepare you to publish in the sciences. If you're a professional science writer like myself, this course gives you an important glimpse into the process of how scientists write about their research - and of course, there are lots of great writing tips that apply to science writing for non-experts. Very informative and enjoyable. Videos are interesting but can feel slow if you are an advanced writer. Still, this is a very helpful course for those who have never published a scientific paper and are learning how to write one, or just want to learn more about how to write well about science.
I got a lot out of this course, more than I thought I would to be honest. It was a relief to hear a writing professional spell out exactly why I have been writing a certain way - overly verbose and, if I'm being honest, trying to sound smarter than I am - since I was young. And to find out it was because of something as simple as meeting a minimum word count in school assignments was bordering on profound and very freeing.  Great course.
Excellent, excellent course. Kristin Sainani is an excellent teacher. This course made me rediscover my love for writing. Very well structured.
It was an excellent course. Special thanks to the instructor, Dr. Kristin Sainani, for her genuine step-wise guidance throughout the course. I really find a drastic difference in my skills after attending the course. Now I am confident enough to takeup a career in science writing. I am thankful to Coursera team also for providing financial aid to earn my certificate. I wish everyone to be benefited by this course.
The course is highly interactive. That is what makes it fun to learn. I learnt so many things about writing, about which i was unaware before taking the course: cutting the clutter, changing nouns to verbs, using active voice, arranging the ideas in a logical way, making the sentences interesting by using colon and a lot more. Thanks Kristin for being an excellent mentor.
Respected Dr.kristiani sainani madam and coursera.        I thank you for the wonderful classes and presentations, it really didn't made me feel that i was learning online course but as in class learning.
A great and comprehensive course! A must for a scientific writer. Go over the contents, at least twice to get all the golden nuggets!!Dr. Kristine Sainani is a powerful, passionate speaker and TEACHER.
This is the best course I have ever taken. I have learned many skills like organization of the article, writing a perfect sentence and paragraph and academic language.
If you love "writing for sciences" you definitely need to take this course. It helps a lot for your academic and research career.
Great material, great teachers, I feel one step closer to become a good scientific writer. Thanks.
Extremely helpful for someone who is just beginning his scientific career (me). It is particularly convenient to have examples from medical articles, as this is the science field I am exploring.
Dr. Sainani really is a great tutor, she inspired me and gave confidence about how to approach writing in the sciences with a very fun and thorough style. Wouldn't be better !Thank youErkan
The course covers wide range of skills in the academic writing; especially for scientific manuscripts. The contents are clear and concise, easy to follow!
Excellent, comprehensive course even though it is ranked as beginner level. I definitely honed skills from it. The professor's lectures are excellent.
The best online course I have ever taken. This course eased my way in writing. I can not believe how much I learned (and tried to unlearn!) during this 8 weeks. I am a postdoc with 22 peer reviewed publications, still some materials in this course were brand new for me. My first language is not English and I learned science writing here and there mimicking old style writers and picked up all those unnecessary sometimes incorrect ROLES of science writing. I have a much better feeling and confidence in my writing now.Well done and thanks for making it available for free. My writing, or better to say my thinking process during writing, is now more organized and purposeful. Keep offering it so a greater number of students and professionals could benefit from it. I loved it too much!!!!
I took this course aiming to improve my writing skills focusing on papers and manuscripts. Turns out it showed me how to be a better science communicator for a general audience and that was fantastic! The strategies presented in the course are interesting and powerful, independently if you are a student or an expert. Professor Kristin Sainani has an excellent didatics, that engage you the course.
I really enjoyed taking this course.  The material was clear and organized in a logical manner.  The segments were the perfect length.  I have applied the lessons already in my professional and personal life.  I would be happy to take another course from her or Coursera.
This course is excellent! It is highly recommended for all those who want to write articles, present grants, clarify doubts about the researcher's career and learn all this from experts. 
Congratulations to Stanford University. I really enjoyed the course!
It was insightful and interesting--the lectures were clear and well thought out. I also liked how the exercises were organised. I would highly recommend this course for anyone willing to improve their writing skills, whether or not in the field of science.
The Writing in Science course was my "first time" with Coursera.Great course, great professor. I loved suggestions and tricks to gets a more catchy text. Although it's made by a medical expert, it's useful for all scientific subjects.
Excellent course, which teaches not only a how to write but a how to reason in science and how to clarify ideas. Absolutely essential for anyone who wants to write scientific articles with or without any previous experience. Thank you
Great course. Very useful for those just setting out to write in medical journals. A lot of useful tips on basics of what must constitute a well written paper, many of those that one fails to pick up on just reading articles.
Insightful. Kudos to the instructor for compiling such a well-crafted course. Being in the science writing field for over two years, the course came as a refresher and helped me considerably improve my writing.
A good course for those wanting to know how to write scientific papers in a style that is understandable for readers. Also included tips about science communication and writing research proposals.
It is a fantastic course! I learned a lot. I have written some publication during my PhD study, but this course "changed my life". Thank you for existing!
Very thorough. Great tips for the scientific writing and revision process. Really learned a great skill in cutting clutter. Thank you:)
Very useful course. More than improved my writing skills, I have improved finding errors in other people's writings.
The course greatly improved my writing skills. I would definitely advertise this course to my colleagues.
It was a great learning experience. Highly recommended for non-native English speakers
EXCELLENT COURSE..I have learned so much..in these past 8 weeks. THANK YOU SO MUCH
Very informative - a must for anyone embarking on an academic writing journey!
Excellent course. Enjoyed it. Thanks to Coursera & Prof  Kristine
I love the course. Yes it is long but it is also covering a lot.
It was an incredible course and improved my knowledge very well.
excellent course for a beginner in scientific writing...
this  course help me easing my fears about writing.
This is the greatest course I have ever learnt.
Amazing course! Highly recommend this course.
It's excellent and excel my expectations.
Excellent course, to the point!
Excellent and superior teacher
Wonderful learning!!
Simply superb
Although I'm not from the medical field, I am thoroughly satisfied  with the course content. The course is well structured and the short duration of the modules is so comfortable to adjust to. The quizzes are thorough and actually test your knowledge, post  listening to the weekly lectures. I used to be confused and frustrated regarding the writing process in academics, but attending this course has opened my eyes and broadened my mind. It is an all encompassing course that touches on the minutest details of academic writing: editing, grammar, writing process, stages in writing, publishing, peer review and what not. I am so thankful to the teacher of the course for making this information available and that too in such an engaging manner, there was not a dull moment during this course, the teacher always kept my mind engaged with relatable and easy to understand examples. One of the best attributes of the course is that it is 'succinct' and 'crisp', without any 'unnecessary clutter' and 'dead weight' lectures, much like the requisites of academic writing that this course advocates. I feel confident to dive into my academic writing after attending this course, and I'm going to come back to it whenever I'm unsure about writing a research paper again.
This course was for me very useful and special. I have
learned a lot and helps a lot for my PhD and career.I am very grateful to Dr. Kristin Sainani, she is great
professor, the way how she explains was very interesting, clear. I took her
lessons with a great desire. I have a feeling that Dr. Kristin Sainani has
beautiful vocal voice not monotonous and make you feel like in real classroom.
She really knows how to motivate students. I didn’t feel that I was taking an online
course because it was like real, not boring. Especially her exercises of each
section very where very well developed because through exercises I could
strength what I had learned. I believe this course is very fruitful, successful
and after this course I have great desire to take more courses from COURSERA.
Also, I would like to acknowledge for financial aid. Thanks that you are doing
world brighter through the knowledge.Zarima
The instructor is very clear and not boring at all. She makes the course really interesting and engaging. I just loved all the knowledge she could pass on throughout the course.I loved the fact that she taught not only scientific writing, but also writing an essay, reviewing articles - all of which is important in scientific career.I also loved the presentation about Tweeting and Social Media. Although, i think she went too much into the details, which was not too relevant.One thing i did not like was a presentation about grant-writing. The instructor made a voice presentation of 22 minutes with a monotonous voice. It was a bit boring and i got distracted because of it. So, i had to listen to her presentation at least two times to understand, which is difficult because i do not have much time. Overall, great great great course!! Thanks to the main Professor!
I wish this course was taught in the first year of my bachelor, or even every scientific bachelor - it would certainly make scientific literature more readable. The instructor, Dr. Kristin Sainani, is excellent; she explains every subject clearly, engagingly, and illustrated with examples. You can directly apply what you have learned to your own writing, be it scientific or more personal. The course not only addresses linguistics and the scientific manuscript, but also the writing process itself (with the often overlooked but oh-so precious pre-writing step), peer reviews, and writings beyond the scientific publications. I would highly recommend this course to everyone working in science, but especially to undergraduates; this course will teach you incredible useful writing skills that you probably will not learn during your bachelor.
I really like this course and I am really appreciated Dr. Kristin Sainani for all your hard work to bring this online course to us. I have learned a lot from the very basic idea of a good writing to a very big picture - how to speak in front of social media. I have never thought of that because I have never been taught as details as what I have learned from this course. Also, this course is divided in different part, which is easy for me to practice the skills and catch up with the gradually expanding topic. I also love the way Dr. Sainani gave presentation, her voice, her intonation. She just made everything just so interesting and clearly to me. Thank you a lot Dr. Sainani. I am going to move to the US and follow my dream to become a pharmacist. I hope to see you in person one day, and I could say thank you to you again :)
First of all, I am grateful to Dr. Sainani and Coursera for putting up such a well organized course.The guidelines provided in this course will certainly spare me several frustrating hours of trial and error, trying to piece together a "good scientific manuscript".The course however, is not restricted to writing just journal articles. It also provides an excellent initiation into the skill of writing grants, LOR, personal statements, review articles.   There is also something in store for those who may want to pursue a career in science communication in the future.I personally enjoyed the interviews with the journal editors and Dr. Sainani's former students.  All in all, this course is an all-round package.
Very useful course.  It gave me a good understanding of the jargon and unpack of science.  I would greatly appreciate if a course on thesis writing and research proposal drafting could be given by the instructor.  Dr. Kristin Sainaini has well explained the process of writing.  I felt a bit bored only when interviewing the scientist and getting information and vice versa.  On the other hand, the tips for writing a research paper by senior editors were very much enlightening.Thank you Dr. Kristin Sainaini and CourseraRegardsDr. Jayakumar Rajamani Iyer,Assistant Professor - Environmental Science,GITAM (Deemed-to-be-University)Bengaluru Campus,Nagadenahalli - 562163KARNATAKA , INDIAe-mail: jrajaman@gitam.edu
As a pre-grade student I really apreciate have learnt diferent types of sccientific and academic texts; I liked to think over scientific publish future and the responsability as a future scientist to spread the results en discovers of my investigations and projects. Finally a already put on practice the skills I got, reviewing critically the papers i had to reed this semester and of course using all the good writting tips when writing my subjects homeworks ; Thank to all the team that made this course possible , specially the teacher; Hi from Chile ; Sergio Andrés Plaza Plaza -- Student of natural resources engineering at Austral University of Chile.
I really enjoyed the course and recommend others to take it. Even though I am in research for little less than two decades, no one every taught me how to write a research article. I used to learn it by reading manuscripts and observing the edits of my professors. Now, I understand and know why they were editing in certain ways. In addition, no one taught me how to peer review articles as well. This course covers how to write research articles, peer reviews, news reports and appear media interviews as well. Moreover, you can learn about how to tweet articles and news items. I highly recommend this course for researchers at all stages of their career.
I really enjoyed the course which was very well organized and covered a great amount of information in depth. Dr. Kristin Sainani is an excellent and extremely thorough lecturer. She would refer back to information from earlier modules through the whole course so that the information would be integrated systematically. She is also passionate and dedicated about her subject and very engaged in developing new editors and writers. I learned a lot.I particularly liked the sample edits so that I could see the approach she took, the reasons she made the edits, and the overarching organization that the edits supported. Thank you very much, Dr. Sainani
Dr. Sainani is an excellent teacher. I recommend this course to everyone who want to learn how to write and edit more clearly, and not restricted to just the sciences. I just finished an English degree that focused on this material and was shocked by how much I was still able to learn from this free course. There's a lot of helpful advice here on concision, word choice, and structure. The professor also provides many "demo edits" to practice your skills before learning how she--an expert writer and editor--would edit them in a video. This course is put together very well; I really can't say enough good things about it. Thank you Dr. Sainani.
This course is filling a gap in my PhD education in Hungary. Yet, its content is essential to "survive" and become a good researcher, so it was really valuable for me to be able to access it and enroll, even if I'm in the last year of the PhD program. I'd like to thank to Dr. Sainiani and all her colleagues who helped to create this valuable course. Personally, it is a great start for me to begin writing my PhD thesis, a lot of inspiration and valuable tips in the writing style (even if my research field is far from medical).  And the other tips I will be able to take with myself for future publications! Thank you again!
Kristin, As a mid-career clinician I have published previously, read thousands of papers and written countless letters of recommendation.  More recently I have tried (and failed) to publish some pieces in medical journals in the "viewpoint" or "perspectives" sections.I came to your course to humbly learn about how I might do things better and I have.Writing will remain hard work, but I hope that I might successfully put some of this learning to good effect in the years ahead.  I will recommend this course enthusiastically to others, so look to see if there's an uptick in Australian candidates.Cheers, James Fink
It's a great course. I learned many useful things, from the more general things to the details. I appreciate also the lessons on the writing and publishing process, and the communication tasks scientists must deal with. My main critique regards the writing of personal statements and letters of recommendation: I believe that resorting to too many personal things in these kind of instances is an instrumentalization of our personal lives and activities. In addition, it may give way to fake or exaggerated statements. Anyway, I highly recommend taking this course if you want to improve your writing!
I am so pleased to have this amazing course. I learned much. I can't count skills I learned. But I now could try to wrize a manuscript, edit others writing,write for lay audience, learned how draft a complete manuscritp with good steps, and about submission process. As I said I can't count what I learned but it is a great chance to take a course from Stanford University. I greatly thank Coursera platform for their great services, as people say it is availble for each learner, provides teching courses in nearly all fields. I hope take more and more courses from Coursera platform.Great Thanks.
I am very happy with the course. It is planned and executed in a thorough professional way. I am very happy with the way Dr Sainani has conducted the course. Her voice modulation and way of explaining the course material is very good , she keeps the audience engaged. I have published 18 papers till now, i wonder why did it not strike me earlier to take this course, it would have made my papers much better. I am thankful to Dr Sainani for her wonderful efforts in conducting this course. I will surely recommend this course to my friends in my field.Thank You RegardsDr Nilesh V Joshi
Dr. Kristin Sainani has a talent for teaching things in a bite-size and makes it fun to learn. Her ability to organize materials and how she talks in an uplifting tone also helped a great deal to finish this course. I am a non-scientist (I am a translator who deals with research papers a lot) so, I was a little bit nervous if I could even finish the course. It was challenging but packed with very useful information. Now I can edit/translate research paper written by non-native English speakers much more confidently and in a shorter amount of time. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
This is an amazing course! I am a college Senior and I found this to be a comprehensive course, full of relevant and helpful information and exercises to make me a better writer. I learned that writing in science is a skill of its own, different than writing a book or essay for English class. Dr. Kristin Sainani is a wonderful instructor, everything about her teaching style and breadth of information is excellent. I would recommend this course to anyone interested in becoming a scientific researcher, or looking to edit scientific journals. Great job!
In the beginning of the course editing was hard for me. My internal scientist was speaking in stiff lifeless sentences which he picked up from all the books and papers that I have read. Now I see that engaging science writing is not only possible, but necessary. If you produce a result you are proud of (and why produce different ones?), you should put your best effort into sharing it with your scientific community. I hope all the lessons from the course will help me with writing further articles and will help my colleagues with understanding them!
I am passionate about science and about writing. The course title attracted me and I am happy I enrolled for the course. I am a retired Professor with 42 years of teaching and writing science. The learnings from this course have enriched my writing style especially for writing science for common (non-science-domain) people and to popularize science. Dr Kristin Sainanii is wonderful writer, editor and teacher. With a tongue in chek, she will ask to cut the clutter and use action words. I am looking forward to enroll in such innovative courses.
What an experience it has been!!A big thank you to Stanford University and Kristin Sainani for this endeavour which helped researchers in across various disciplines. It gave me a different take on reading and understanding manuscripts, along with the very useful tips on writing effectively. The demo edits and peer reviews have helped me tremendously. It convinced me that a scientific piece need not be abstract and boring. Kristin showed elegantly showed us that keeping it simple and real is the key to communicate any idea across any platform.
I completed the course over a month ago, and I am struck by how often I recall and use things I learned. Writing in the Sciences lays a broad foundation for science writers and subject matter experts alike. Young scientists will find many helpful hints and tips, and even experienced editors will find nuggets to squirrel away. The instructor owns a strong background in science as well as in writing/editing, and her expertise and experience lend a unique perspective to the material. I give Writing in the Sciences my highest recommendation.
This course is extremely helpful and very well organised. Dr. Kristin Sainani does an outstanding job in explaining how to write effectively. The polls, exercises, and essays are a great complement that help you to practice what you have learned, giving a new meaning to each lesson. As the themes of each week are broad, this is a course for anyone, at any career stage (from tips on how to be a better writer up to how to write scientific manuscripts and grants!). Definitely recommend it to anyone that wants to improve scientific writing.
Great course! I do recommend updating the social media section (5.6, I believe). There are some inaccurate facts (ex. twitter's character count) and one MAJOR issue wasn't addressed: social media blow back. How can one survive if a tweet about the development of a coronavirus vaccine is brigaded by anti-vaxxers, for example? How to avoid getting drug down into unproductive debates? Also, maybe a quick reminder that "the internet is forever" so never ever post anything you wouldn't want a future employer to see. Choose words wisely.
I was a little bit sceptical of taking a writing course on line. I had no idea whatsoever how a writing course could be run on line - I am satisfied and happy about the course in general. The course brings the essential tools to improve the writing. It helped me to be more aware of the mistakes I commonly do during my writing. I found quite interesting that it involves the different scenarios : a scientific manuscript, a book for general audience, social media and networks. I definitely will be recommending the course.
I have always struggled to right scientific papers. They often suffer from redundancy and poor organization. Not to mention the long time it takes me to complete one.This course was transformative. It provided me with a game plan to efficiently structure my writing time. Unlike other courses it went into detail about how different sections should be written and what language should be used. In addition the breadth of the course also includes other types of writing which all researchers will inevitably have to tackle.
Thank you, Dr. Kristin Sainani, for this fantastic course. I will strongly recommend this course to those who pursue an academic career. Besides its benefits, I enjoyed attending classes. Some editing exercises are a little bit difficult since they are mostly about medical sciences, but overall the content was great. I completed my thesis and published an article before taking the course, but after finishing, I can't stop thinking about how much I could make them better with the tricks I learned from this course.
This course has been incredibly helpful in advancing my writing skills. The course covers a wide range of topics, from writing scientific articles to writing for the media and lay audiences. Professor Sainani is an amazing writer and her tips and lessons have been very useful; I can already see improvements in my writing. This course is useful for non-native English speakers as well. I loved the real-life examples and stories. Overall, one of the best courses I have taken for professional development.
I really enjoyed the course. Although the subject can be tedious and boring, this course was neither. It corrected some of my misconceptions regarding scientific writing and hopefully will help me in becoming a better writer. I really like that there are a lot of examples and opportunities to try things out and then compare with the instructor. I also liked that there is a section about the paper review process and what do editors and reviewers look for when they reviewing papers. Thank you!
This is the best course I've ever studied on Coursera! The content is very practical with tons of tips, examples and exercises. The teacher Dr. Kristin Sainani is very engaging - the speed and the tone of speech make listening and watching video enjoyable (not like many other teachers in here which just read loud out the text), her comments during the video are really important and sometimes funny (I used to skip video lectures at other courses due to monotonous tone of speakers). Thanks!
I've taken this course before it is redirected to coursera (1-2 years ago) and I'm coming back to it.  I still enjoy the powerful, simple tips and recommend this course to many colleagues in my field - geophysics.  You definitely don't need to be in the medical school to take this course.A bit personal story: I finished my PhD thesis since the last time I took the course - I'm no longer waiting for inspiration. Thank you for reading this far and thank you for offering this great course.
The course, as well as the course instructor, has greatly helped me in distinguishing the various formats of writing.  Now, I am confident to communicate my interests and research in the form of grants, papers, interviews, and reviews. Earlier, it was always a task to explain my study to the common people. After taking this course, it has become much easier for me to keep aside the scientific mind and communicate with the layman. Thank you, Kristin. You're a great instructor.
I recommend this course to all people who have engaged, or will engage, to write their own thesis. I wish I learned the course before I wrote my works, so it would be easier for me to do a good job. There are a lot of new interesting but surprising things that I realize when entering the course. It specifically impresses me with sections about how to write a manuscript and a personal statement as well as a letter of recommendation and its ethical issue. Thank you very much!
Writing has always terrified me, and it's far from being my strength. But this course really made me explore the concepts that I mostly did know already in a more organized and clear way. It also gave me great insights into the publication process which has been a mystery to me. I also loved the inclusion of writing for general audiences, personal statement writing, conducting interviews, and social media bits. I hope I can communicate my findings better in the future now!
Going through the principles of good writing, I have learned different tricks to write more clearly, concisely and faster and, most important, to render a text easy and attractive for those who will read it. In addition, it wasn’t only the online lessons that I found really interesting and helpful but the exercises on writting and peer reviewing we were assesed. Working together with others participants have really contribute to make this course a great experience. THANKS!
Happy to complete WRITING IN THE SCIENCES which is my third course on coursera in 2018.  I have really enjoyed this course, as it is my passion to write in science.  I am so thankful to Dr Kristine Sainani and other professors and mentors associated with this program directly or indirectly.  I am also so impressed and thus so thankful to senior professors who got interviewed by Dr Kristine Sainani where we were provided opportunity to get inspired.Thank youKhadim Chaudhary
As a very beginner writer, with no clue how or where to start, it is really useful and helpful take this course. I have much more confidence now to start writing (pre-writing) my first article. Thank you so much to Stanford University, especially Dr. Kristin Sainani for making the effort and drive this course for world wide scientific population. Also thank to my peers for taking the time to check on my texts. I really enjoyed sharing "virtual classroom" with all of you.
I enjoyed and benefited from this course a lot. For someone still in their preliminary stages of writing in science and looking to be published, this course provided formidable guidance. It also gave me new faith in how scientific writing should be in spite of the quality of what we sometimes see out there. Thank you so much Dr. Kristin, especially for your engaging manner of presenting the content and your belief in upholding ethical standards so essential to science,
This course was a wonderful journey through writing! Dr.Kristen has taught us the techniques and intricacies involved in writing professional scientific documents like reviews, research articles, grants and Letter of recommendations. Through step by step teaching and number of examples given, its a golden opportunity to sharpen your writing skills! Thank you Ma'am for the 8 week journey helping us realize the fun of professional writing! I surely recommend this course!
I can now write faster and better without anxiety. I have
learnt the formats of writing a scientific manuscript, peer review, grant
writing, ethical issues in scientific publication, and writing for general
audiences.   I can now present my facts
and arguments in a better format without compromising. I believe all this would
speed up my career goals and in no time - I would be one of the highly rated
women in the animal science field that the world would reckon with.
A really excellent course. Dr. Sainani explains clearly and without disturbing "clutter" how to write scientific papers, summaries for lay readers, science news articles and more. I wish, I had taken this course in my university days before writing my first science paper - but better late than never. There are a lot of opportunities for "learning by doing" in this course, and I feel it has improved my writing skills.5 stars: I most definitely recommend this course!!
This was an excellent course with a talented instructor, Dr. Kristin Sainani!  I am able to add many tips  to my writing, such as proper use of the semi-colon and the dash--which I rarely used in my writing prior to this course!  I enjoyed the session on writing letters of recommendation, as I have been asked to write a few and now I appreciate the added knowledge given by Dr. Sainani.  This is a valuable course that I would highly recommend!  Thank you so much.
I greatly enjoyed this course. Even though there were aspects of the course that do not currently directly relate to what I'm doing every day (e.g., grant and proposal writing), there were many good examples of how to improve ANY writing. I generally review <10 manuscripts or clinical reports a year, so I'm only moderately involved in writing. However, this course covered many aspects of how to write better. I have recommended this course to several colleagues.
I fully recommend this course for students needing to comprehend, paraphrase or write scientifically! I use the Grammarly tool while writing essays, and it points out my greatest sins are wordiness and using the passive voice, without guiding me on how to improve. Many researchers write in this manner too, and it is hard to understand. This course is amazing as it helps the reader get to the gist of the topic by teaching how to paraphrase to the active voice.
I don't know what to say. Thank you Dr. Sainani for your wonderful course. You're an inspiring lecturer. The course covers the whole range of writing in the sciences and provides learners with basic yet essential knowledge on how to write effectively. I've come to realize that the principles of writing are the same regardless of to whom you are writing. I believe my writing will improve greatly in the future, thanks to your clear and concise explanation.
I would like to congratulate
and appreciate Dr. Kristine, for such a brilliant course. Wonderful way of
addressing the course and it took my attention till end. It contains essential and
useful information for all the people who are related to scientific field. I
have submitted my thesis recently. I am very confident to do proofreading for
my colleagues in a wonderful manner after this course. Thanks you so much!!!Best wishes!Misbah Noreen Yousry
Hasan
I can't recommend this course highly enough. I recently started a new role as a Science Writer so this course was highly relevant for me. Dr. Kristin Sainani manages to cover a wide range of topics related to scientific writing--from the writing process itself, to drafting a manuscript or grant application, to writing for a lay audience--using clear and interesting examples. I'll be referring to my notes from this course for many years to come.
This course is one of the most helpful and engaging classes I have taken ever. Professor Sainani is a very enthusiastic and clear instructor, and you can feel her positive energy and attitude towards teaching through the screen. Not only has this course helped in writing in the sciences, but I believe it has taught me tools to improve my writing in general. I much appreciate this course, and I am thrilled that I had the opportunity to take it.
This course was amazing. It’s everything I forgot from my 5 th English teacher to my MSN papers. loved that it was self paced, I got behind and was able to switch classes with ease. I made a book with all the power points to to reference. I now know how to fix the passive verb that outlook loved to highlight in my writing. Teacher was superb. Only thing I would have done different is to have fewer guess speakers, I found it a little boring .
Very helpful course with an excellent instructor. This course will help you write scientific manuscripts that aren't so dense no one will read them and helps you understand how to critically evaluate scientific writing. I found the "lay summary" exercise particularly helpful as it is always a challenge in science to communicate with the lay public. Definitely take this course if you will be doing any scientific writing in your career.
Superb course.  Teaches you everything you need to know from basics of Grammar, style, economy of writing and so much more.  Kristin does an excellent job at explaining the way things ought to be, her enthusiasm makes her a great teacher. The interviews also gave great perspective. I audited this course, but I am planning on purchasing it so that I can take it again.  I recommend this to anyone in the life sciences.  Kudos Stanford !!
The course is incredible. Dr Kristin Sainani elegantly guided us throughout the art of writing in sciences. The course is essential for any scientist, independent of the expertise. I had some experience in writing scientific manuscripts, and still, I gained a lot of new practical knowledge about writing. It also inspired me to write more, and hopefully, I will be able to pass this to my students in Brazil. Highly recommend it!
This was my first MOOC, and I loved it! I am happy to say that this was my third attempt trying to complete the course (due to time restrictions earlier), and I managed to do it this time. The course content is great, and Dr. Sainani definitely is the right person to deliver the talks. I work as an editor of research manuscripts. This course has helped me edit much better now. One word to describe this course: Enlightening!
I really enjoyed this course. It was well structured, detailed, and covered a broad range of topics related to writing in the sciences. I found the peer review homework assignments to be the most helpful assignment type. The module covering writing for the average person was a particularly interesting exercise. It really helped impress upon me the importance of translating your work to make it accessible to more readers.
Dr. Sainani's course is incredible! She explains everything in an exciting way, discussing various subjects pertinent to those who wish to pursue their academic career. I am ecologist and I think it is perfectly feasible to transpose the ideas presented by dra sainani to other areas of knowledge. I took more time to finish the course because I have a little difficulty with English, but I assure you: worth every minute!
An excellent and absolutely necessary course for PhD students and early science career researchers from all fields of science. Professionally planned and well-taught. I wish I had learned what this course teaches during my PhD studies. I have been away from research for a while and dearly wish to resume my career. This course was a treasure for me. Thank you Prof. Sainani. It was pleasure to have taken your course.
The course is excellent. Dr Kristin Sainani starts with valuable guidelines regarding grammatical construction and style. She guides us to writing a scientific article and submitting it for publication. Also, the course shows us how we can communicate with the lay public and social networks. This course is useful for all researchers, whether beginners or experienced. Exercices assist in learning. Congratulations!
Wonderful critical thinking course. Having written a case report and personal statements in the past, I learned there was so much that I didn't know. This course broke writing down into goal oriented snippets and showed me what a wonderfully streamlined process it can be. I also found it lovely to be able to de-mystify the grant process as a young professional. A must course for any individual in the sciences!
Thank you so much Dr.Kristin
Sainani for this excellent course. A course covering all the topics step by
step. I have started this course as a free course, as I don't know the course
would be completed by me or not. But I completed the course & took the
certificate only because of your pretty way of teaching. Now I want to start my
career in medical writing. Thanks to Coursera also for providing this course.
This course should be a "must" for any PhD students or prospective researchers. It gives a clear method for writing scientific research with good examples, and helps to "clear the fog" we (students) usually have when drafting our first article. It also provide a guide on how to manage workload (and writing techniques) to avoid frequent mistakes among young writers. I wish I had known this course earlier!
Scientific writing seems so easy and simple when Dr. Kristin
Sainani speaks about it! When you try it yourself, of course, it's not quite
like that ... at least in the beginning :) This course allowed me to get one
step (and not a small one!) closer to that goal. It helped me structure the
topic in my head and make things simpler and easier - in thoughts and
sentences. I am infinitely grateful for that!
It is an excellent course, full of precious information and it was a pleasure to take part in. Some of the information were very surprising to get to know, as some teaching models of how to write papers are usually totally different (lots of clutter and passive voice). Thus, it made me feel more comfortable to change my mind about scientific writing and try to experiment on this, using gained knowledge.
I found Writing in the Sciences incredibly helpful and challenging. I wish I had known about this course when I was handed a manuscript assignment without having had any previous experience writing a journal submission.  Dr. Kristin Sainani is clear and concise (and personable!) in her presentations. I highly recommend this course for anyone who is or will be writing scientifically or needs a refresher.
The course covers lots of technical aspects of writing manuscript, review, recommendation letter, and science news. The course is very helpful for biological science grad student/postdoc. There are real examples of good and bad writing from Nature/Cell/Science journals. The quizzes at the end of each module are easy—if someone carefully listens to the video. I would highly recommend taking this course.
As a high school student in South Korea, this course has assisted me in developing the writing skills that I did not have and also helped me to receive grant for my current project!It is a great course that is so helpful now and I believe it to be even more helpful in the future!Thanks to Dr. Sainani and many other doctors and professors who have put in their effort to create this WONDERFUL course!
This course has been an eye-opener. I used to dread writing new, original articles. I could barely bring myself to start. This course has provided me with useful tips and tricks to start writing more effectively. It has also thought me more on the basis of writing, and on some tendencies that exist in academic writing. Thanks to this course, I now look forward to writing my next manuscript!
The course has met all my expectations as it added pertinent information to my knowledge and answered basically all of my questions towards scientific writing style. Kristin Sainani has proven overwhelming qualified as a writing coach, encouraging me to write more confidently and clearly. And last but not least, this course addresses only what is relevant or pretinent to a piece of writing.
It was a pleasure! A great course I can only recommend. Very well chosen real-live-examples taken from current research literature.I was able to deepen my grammar knowledge in English as well as gain experience with writing styles.  I have developed a feeling for the linguistic differences between German and English.  And I was surprised how precise you can be with a few well-chosen words.
An incredible course! I can’t say enough about how much I’ve learned. It leads you through most types of texts you might find in scientific field in a very simple though complete way. However, I’d recommend it to students - specially graduate - from areas related to Medicine or Biology. Math, Physics or Engineering students might feel a bit bored, althouh they can benefit from it as well.
The teacher is very enthusiastic and has done wonderful job. The difficulty level of the course increases slowly and steadily. I think there can be one more session on news and communication article. Grant writing module is really useful. My only criticism is course gives examples mainly from biological sciences and other sciences are kind of ignored. In all wonderful learning experience.
This course has polished the hidden scientific writer inside me. This was a totally new experience, and I am very thankful to Coursera team for offering such skill-polishing courses. The most important thing I learnt from this course is that scientific writing is not always meant to be too hard to understand, we can make our writing very simple and easy to understand. Highly recommended!
I would like to acknowledge Dr. Kristin
Sainani for the great initiative of this course, open to the broad scientific
audience. Writing in Science is comparable to switch on the lights—everyone
assumes light will happen, but the difference when turns to write in science
is that most of the time it does not. Here comes the need for more similar
courses along the scientist's career path.
I am  happy that this was my first (actually finished) on-line course. I really liked it. It is very well done, very pragmatic and instructive. I found the teacher great - engaging, fun, direct... I liked her a lot. I have started applying some of the learning, I hope the course content will stay on-line because I am sure I will need to revise certain areas as I put them to practice.
The course gives a thorough training of scientific writing. The course provides a lot of demo editing to help students to understand. Every minute in this online course worths the value.  I should have learned this course when I was in graduate school. I recommend this course to anyone who is in the science field.  I hope I still can access to the course to review from time to time.
The course is very nicely delivered. The Instructor Dr. Kristin Sainani is very effectively taught this course. I learned how to read a research paper and write its summary. Writing a lay-summary of a scientific paper,  writing a scientific news story was really interesting. The quizzes and peer reviewed assignments were awesome. I strongly recommend this course for future learners.
Excellent course! Dr Kristiani Sainani presents in a very pleasant and engaging manner.25 years in the medical field and I learned much to benefit from this course. Details on approaching and organizing your scientific paper invaluable.  Many essential tips. Makes writing for the author and audience more interesting. I know I will refer back to my notes during my doctorate studies.
I am so pleased and happy. I have no words to describe my feelings. I would say that this course made a breakthrough in my writing knowledge. This course answered too many questions that I have had in my science writing. I have tried to ask many people who are experts in writing in the science field, however, I did not get enough and adequate answers. Thank you so much Dr. Sainani.
This is an amazing course! I am a researcher, and I intend to make it mandatory for all the grad students who come into my lab - everyone should take this course at the beginning of their graduate degree. Some small topics are missing: 1. Reporting Guidelines (equator-network.org) - key in writing papers. 2. Describing statistical analyses.   But, in general this course is an A++!
The instructor was very knowledgeable; she provided many opportunities to apply the skills we learned. The skills and knowledge I learned are applicable to what I want to do and I believe my writing has improved as a result. I also review other people's work, and this course helps me in that regard as well. I recommend it and I will definitely sign up for another Coursera course.
Despite targeting medical students (and being an outsider– I am an ecologist), the course is well explained and gave me many tips in the different fields that touch scientific writing: writing research papers, grant applications and popular summaries.Totally recommend 200%.N.B. The teacher is awesome and an amazing communicator. The mentors are awesome too and give great advises.
Excellent tips for writing and structuring your work. Some parts (examples) are focused on specific research (medicine, biology, ...) and the vocabulary can be found difficult to read, nevertheless it does not affect in any way how the course is taught or assessed.I am a Phd candidate and I feel it was the right choice to take this course to improve my scientific writing skills.
I really enjoyed this course! I have dyslexia so it's always been hard for me to write, especially when I started writing scientific papers. This course gave me a great blueprint of how to go about it, what the education system didn't teach you, and other tips to enhance your writing. I definitely recommend this course to anyone looking to improve their writing abilities.
I have loved this course so much. The instructor Dr. Kristin Sainani designed it so well and covered all the required topics in this course. It was very easy to understand. I have stopped one of my research paper writing so that I could write it, one I complete. I am very happy that I registered for this and completed it. I will recommend it to my students and colleagues.
I am starting to write manuscripts, some of them already published, but I always struggled with "apparently" simple things like what style should I use--as many articles use different styles.This course works for me as a guideline, but also helps me thinking about how to engage the people that will read my work. I have yet a lot to learn, and I thank you for the course.
I loved the course. The multiple examples and exercises helped me to learn and improve my writing skills. I start practicing the diverse tips and advice in my student life. Definitively I enjoy so much my "writing time" using my time in a more efficient and organized way. Professor Kristin is so clear and concise, her voice tone and attitude made enjoyable the course.
Excellent course that covers a lot of content, from basic grammar to getting a paper published! Dr. Sainani is a fantastic lecturer!  She was engaging and presented content clearly and supported by many examples. Even though much of the types of writing were not relevant to my field, the content was engaging and very well presented. I highly recommend this course!
This course is an interesting journey through writing about and in the sciences. It is well constructed and delivered, provides checks on understanding throughout and allows frequent testing of understanding and reinforcement of the learning goals. I recommend it for anyone in a scientific role: academic and industrial situations, where communication is essential.
I found this course very useful, motivating and an eye opener. It will e very helpful while writing my next manuscript. Hence forth, I can present my research as per the type of audience in front of me.  And including such experienced guest interviews and their opinion was a great thing. I would definitely like to recommend this course my other researcher friends.
I am just starting to get to the point in my career where I am taking on more writing assignments. This course really helped me understand how to organize my thoughts and clearly present the key points for a scientific experiment.  The content was engaging, helpful, and relevant. I will definitely be calling on the knowledge I gained in this course in the future.
Excellent overview of the writing in Science. Each week a different topic is explored. In the first weeks, the students learn and practice the process of writing from style, editing, structure of the text. Half-way the course also covers the process of writing papers, reviews, grants, and how to communicate to a broader audience. I would recommend this course.
Highly recommend this course, I am glad to take this course at the start of my PhD. I think a big cohort can benefit from this, from uni students  to early career researchers. The audio quality is good, Dr. Kristin makes academic writing/editing much more fun than other teachers I had. You can even listen to her clearly at 1.5 times the original speed, bonus!
This was a fantastic course! Although I have been a medical writer for 7 years, I am always interested in learning more about writing and improving my writing skills. This course provided excellent writing tips and provided great insight into how to write and review a scientific manuscript. This course is applicable for all writers, regardless of skill level.
As a virgin to writing in the sciences this course gave me the confidence to approach the process in an organised and logical manner.  It has helped me with my first lay publication where getting the science across in an easy to understand way whilst not losing any underlying messages.  Thank you and I will definitely be suggesting this course to colleagues.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course and its curricula. Even though I am a postdoc and have authored several scientific articles; yet I always felt that I could have made them better. Therefore, I enrolled in this course. Thanks to Kristin for being a fantastic instructor. I also enjoyed the units on plagiarism, grant writing and writing for the general audience.
I enjoyed the 8 weeks learning of writing in the Sciences very much. The materials are very comprehensive and helpful. Give a lot of tips on different types of academic writing. And I've learned how to edit my own work and how to write clearly and concisely. I highly recommend this class and look forward to future courses on this topic or from Dr. Kristin!
Really a great course, I have learned many things which I haven't ever known before to be considered in technical writing and learned many more from the interviews of the great scientists and editor of different journals. Thanks a lot, Kristin Sainani for delivering the whole course in a very best friendly and understandable way.Wish you all the best....!
This course by Dr Kristin Sainani is excellent. She has given deep insights into effective writing. I am immensely grateful to her for sharing so many important tips. After doing this course I realized many mistakes that I was doing unknowingly. I would recommend this course to all those who want to pursue their career in sciences or related fields.
i like this course very much. I learn lot of new things form this course and i also appreciate the work done by various personnel & way of delivering the lectures. I think this course is very interesting and worthy for all the graduate, PG & PhD students. I'm very thankful to Stanford University for providing opportunity for such type of education.
Very good course for not only aspiring scientists but for everyone who writes. Before doing this course I did not realize how much unnecessary things we write. This course has taught me to be an effective writer. Thank you Stanford University and specially Dr. Kristin Sainani for being an amazing teacher.Thanks to Coursera for bringing this course.
This course is, by far, one of the best I ever take in Coursera. Everyone should do it!Not only is the instructor amazing, but the structure, activities and organization of the course are excellent!By the way, the course is from the Stanford Department of Medical Sciences, but the instructor also presents many examples of physics, statistics, etc.
I really do not know how can I thank Dr. Kristin Sainani. this course taught me a lot of things. And it was wonderful. Dr. Sainani, has explained the topics with a great excitement and enthusiasm that motivates the trainer to follow the course. I wish all the best for her. Her course totally changed my attitude about writings and scientific texts.
Excellent course! it's the first time I had the opportunity to learn all these important writing roles in an organised method. The practice exercise give the chance to take the knowledge one step forward. Thank you so much for all this effort with making such an in-depth course!, I'm sure it will be very useful for my current and future studies.
A very helpful course that gives you a broad idea of the different types of 'writing' you can expect to do in science. It's easy to follow and the assignments are challenging enough that you learn without feeling too stretched beyond your means. You will need to bring a love for language and a desire to communicate. Everything else is provided.
I love how  Dr. Kristin Sainani addresses each topic. She has a great attitude towards helping learners and lots of examples to back up her recommendations. I would have liked to see more tips regarding composition; the ones she gives are very useful. She also talks about the 'order' of writing a manuscript - I found this particularly helpful.
I am glad to say this course was an accomplishment. A well crafted course that covers a broad spectrum of things under writing in the sciences. I loved every module and the numerous examples and anecdotes shared by the instructor. Not to mention the extremely though through assessments. Wish i had the time to complete the honor assignments.
I enjoyed and would highly recommend my peers to opt for this course. This course changed my perspective on writing and I thank our instructor, Dr. Kristin Sainani, who taught us in such an engaging manner. I like that there were presentations and interviews shared to help individuals understand the concepts. Overall, it is a great course!
Amazing course for rookies and experts on writing proper research papers, but also all kinds of other writings, such as Letters of Recommendation, Personal Statement, reviewing articles etc. I don't have any past experience with writing research papers, and I believe this course gave me all the necessary how to's. Thank you very very much!
Great course! I really enjoyed the tips for good writing - can't wait to put them into practice! The best part is that there are plenty of examples illustrating the rules of good writing, so one can get a good idea of how to write. The time spent for Twitter and Facebook presentation of scientific information was a little bit much though.
Excellent course! It was the first time when I studied academic writing, someone showed real practical tasks and exercises to perform and teach academic writing. I appreciate this effort. Kristin Sainani is among the best course instructors I have come up with Coursera courses! Totally recommend if you aspire to learn writing in sciences.
Thank you very much for providing this course.It was really an amazing learning experience. All the necessary content was clearly explained and the entire course was well organised with suitable examples. I really appericiate the efforts taken to make the content so perfect that everything was conveyed very well. Thanks a lot once again.
Terrific course! Though I considered myself a strong writer before the class, Dr. Sainani exposed me to strategies and tips that I never learned during my undergraduate biology coursework. The course exposed how poorly scientific papers are written and how bad grammar can lead even the most experienced readers astray. Thank you so much.
Writing in the Sciences course will give you a really good notion about writing an article, grants and other documents that are present in the scientists day-to-day life. I am a portuguese native speaker and for me the tips gave in the course were really straighfoward and they will certainly help me a lot. I really recomend this course.
Professor Sainani does a great job highlighting the most important parts of writing for the sciences.  This course has been very helpful in improving my skills as I now have the basics to begin developing my goals in writing and what areas I need the most improvement in.  I recommend this course for anyone interested in science writing.
The best writing online course since long time! It gave me new and relevant insights on scientific optimized writing, and much more! Thank you Stanford University and warm regards to the best professor a foreigner as me (Italian:-) could ever desire: Kristin Sainani.Hope to enroll soon in another course in line with this one!Lisa Halfon
Really great instructor from Massachusetts! Her ideas about science writing and improving writing skills in general were extremely well delivered in this course. The weeks material was well paced. It also covered other topics such as science news and social media which I liked. I hope to be a better writer and really try my hand at it.
I wished I learned about these writing gems as a graduate student, and it's never too late to learn.  I have a greater appreciation for improving my scientific writing and communication skills, thanks to Dr. Sainani. She is encouraging, funny, and incredibly intelligent.  This is a course not to be missed -it can change your career.
This is a very useful and well-structured course that helps you to become better in writing.  I feel that my knowledge has been widened. I learn a lot of new information about unnecessary words, how to write clearly and briefly, about punctuation, correct vision of graphics, tables, diagrams, etc.  Thank you Kristin for your course.
This course gives young scientists or experienced scientists a chance to improve on their writing skills. It is well structured and gives you lots of insider tips on the scientific writing processes that are usually learnt from trial and error. I thoroughly enjoyed it and will benefit from the lessons learnt for many years to come.
I really enjoyed this course. As an international student it is not easy to write research papers as it is not my first language. This course was very informative and helped me improve my grammar and professional writing skills. Professor Kristin's teaching was clear and engaging, and those slides were really helpful. Thank you!
This course was absolutely fantastic. It is very useful for both amateurs and experienced writers. It teaches you how the whole process of writing in the science is. Not only how you write, but also how your mind should be during writing. I recommend it for everyone who wants to participate in the writing of a scientific article
I learnt a lot from this course. Listening to accomplished editors talk about their experience and how the rules are not as rigid as I was taught they were has helped me improve my writing a lot. I have learnt to let to cut down clutter. I have taken this course and read materials over and over to make sure I imbibe its lessons.
This course provides in-depth discussion of every aspect of scientific writing imaginable -- from grammar basics to writing grants, preparing a manuscript for submission to a peer-reviewed journal, and writing letters of recommendation, this course has it all. I will certainly return to materials for refreshers in the future.
A big to thanks Dr. Kristin Sainani. it was wonderful experience for me,
I have learned many principle of writing here. It was basic but majority of this
skill I lacked, the way Dr. Kristin Sainani delivers the lecture it become very
easy and interesting. Similarly the assignments and quiz helped in
understanding the concept
I really enjoyed this course! It gives students the tools to write in a clear, concise and focused way that they can apply to original articles, reviews, interviews, summaries, etc. The videos are very enthusiastic, compelling and easy to understand. I would surely recommend this course to any of my scientific colleagues.
This is one of the most informative and educational courses that I have taken so far. I would like to sincerely thank Prof. Kristin Sainani (n e Cobb) for such a comprehensive writing course in such a concise and organized format. I enjoyed the course and plan to use all my learning for writing  articles in the sciences.
Being a non-native English speaker, this is my first online certificate course. Dr. Kristin Sainani becomes one of my favorite teachers. I felt like my language teacher in school, teaching a beautiful story. The way she talks and her edit makes me remember "Writing in the Sciences" whenever I thought of writing. Respect!
I am really thankful for the opportunity of being a student in this course. I have no words to say how much I learned and how it will be usefull in my carreer. Everything is great - the material, professor, interviews... I recommend this course for all those who wanna learn how to write better and also improve yourself.
This course is amazing. I would definitely appreciate a statistics or any other course professor Sainani offered in this platform. The themes are very relevant to academic writing in sciences. The logical organization flows naturally.  I recommend this to undergraduate/graduate students seeking to improve their writing.
Hi Stanford team and Coursera team,I hope you are doing well. I found this course very helpful. I'm a reviewer for scientific articles and I'm planning to a writer medical. Before, I thought that the writing medical is very difficult! But by this, I became able to the initiative for writing medical.Best regards, Hicham
I think this course is quite useful for beginners, especially those who start to write some scientific papers. Although I had some experiences in writing journal articles, what I learnt from the course really changes most of my ideas in writing, and also recearching. Thanks to all the teachers and the AMAZING COURSERA!
It is the great course, I have done until now. It is a highly recommended course. It let me what scientific writing is. Also how to write introduction, materials and methods, results and discussion. This course will let you practice what you learn. So take this course and recommend it to your friends as well.
This is a very useful training in Academic Writing which provides real examples in a student-friendly manner. I highly recommend this course and I can only regret that it is an on-line course which does not allow for the interaction with the trainer as I would love to have my samples of writing graded by her.
Wonderful course. There is so much to savour from these lectures and think it would do me no harm to do this course again. Simplicity and clarity and precision is really the key to beautiful scientific writing and I'm determined following this to work to incorporate writing/editing into my career. Thank you.
This is a very useful course for any health professional with a research career. It not only taught me specifics about different forms of writing in scientific literature, but also provided me with confidence to build a strong research background. I sincerely thank Dr. Kristin for this wonderful opportunity.
I consider this course to be the best. I had done three writing courses under edX online, but they are not so focused as this. I especially love the two sessions, writing for the lay audience, and writing science news,  I am superbly glad I did,. Thanks very much to Dr. Kristin S.  for this wonderful course.
Excellent course. Very well designed and engaging. I loved the application of skills and the helpfulexamples. The guest speakers were very informative. I feel much more confident to write papers and to present scientific findings to a lay audiences. Thank you very much for the wonderful gift of this course.
This made me fall in love with writing and science more. I am forever grateful to Dr. Kristin. She has been a great instructor. Thanks, too, to those included in this online course - especially the Standford University. More power to you all and stay safe from COVID. Sending my love you from Philippines. <3
'Writing in the Sciences' is a must-do course for young budding scientists. It clears some of the unknown myths of scientific writing together with providing best tips and tricks for publishing it. The course outline is very well organized. I loved how Dr Kristin Sainani explained things in an engaging way.
I loved this course! Dr. Sainani is really great at explaining how to write for different forms of medical writing and it really helped improve my writing to target the correct audience! I 100% recommend this course and think it's a great start for anyone interested in the field of writing in the sciences.
Learning "Writing in the Sciences" has helped me to move further in my writings. Dr. Kristin Sainani has been an excellent and wonderful coach; she made the course simpler for us to digest. Overall it is an awesome course. I would recommend it to those who wants to learn or improve writing in the sciences.
I have learned how to write fast and be productive. I trained myself to cut the clutter from clauses. Now, I can edit more successfully, as well as avoid unnecessary scientific jargon.  Thank you to Dr. Kristin Sainani for such engaging classes and an enormous amount of valuable details all in one course.
Thanks to Kristin for this enjoyable course. It is the second time that I take it. The first was four years ago, and I didn't know if this will be different and better. How can will be possible?. My surprise is that the course was excellent, with new examples and topics.  I was delighted to enroll in it.
This was a really useful course, full of skills to help make my writing more engaging without dumbing it down (for other scientists and for the public). Dr Sainani is an excellent lecturer, and the content of the modules has been exactly what I needed to take my science writing to the next level. Thanks!
This course is AMAZING. I can't believe how much my writing style improved in such a short time. The videos are clear and interesting. This definitely impacted my professional life as a science student. I recommend this to everyone who wants to improve their academic writing, even if it's not scientific.
For someone without a science background, this was very helpful.  The modules and exercises were engaging and challenging.  I highly recommend this course to anyone who needs a refresher or guidance in general writing.  Dr. Sainini is a great teacher with several ideas on how to present the information.
Greate course! Wery well-prepared lectures and presentations. Firs parts of the corse (about writing and editing) was very useful for me, but the part about communication, in my opinion, shut be additional. The lecture about statement of purpose was amazing!  Many thanks to the author of this course!!!
This is a great course that can improve your writing in the sciences tremendously. I learned a lot of skills and got more confidence to write a science paper. Thank you so much Dr. Kristin Sainani for your excellent explanation and advice. The actual editing examples and interviews are also invaluable.
This course does an excellent job at giving a broad overview on how to write in the sciences. Not only does it go over some important grammar rules but it also delves into the different types of writing that is done in the sciences such as research papers, lay public summaries, and scientific articles.
Wonerful Course! It helped a lot in improving my writing skills. Both the teaching materials and homeworks are well designed. I sincerely recommend it to all the college students who need to wirte a scientific paper. It is a good representation of the high quality education from the esteemed Stanford.
Very usefull course. Basic advice and tips on academic writing but also more in depth on sentence structure, grammar ander punctuation. not only on articles but also grants and personal essays, very good interviews with chief editors and other people. enough practice to get a good start with editing.
This is an excellent course for everyone, either from science or non science background. I loved the way  Instructor speaks. She is so polite and lovely. Thank you for all that I learned from you.I suggest to add videos related to submitting paper to Journal, that is also a difficult job.RegardsHira
“The course was refreshing, interactive, and
interesting. A good mixture of the instructor’s engaging presentations and experiences
with enough time to do the quizzes and assignments.”“The course provides handy tips that will help to
improve the overall skills and knowledge in writing in sciences.”
The instructor truly makes editing easy!  I was amazed how skillfully she changed overwhelming scientific reporting into enjoyable and meaningful reading.  The variety of material, assignments and guest speakers throughout the course complemented the instructor's brilliant presentations. Thank you!
This is a great course! Dr. Kristin Sainani did an excellent job going over how to write scientific papers. She clearly and concisely went over each topic and gave helpful tips for better writing. I definitely recommend any upcoming researchers take this course to help them write scientific papers.
An awesome course; one I should have undertaken ages ago. It has helped improve my understanding on how to write in the sciences and through the exercises, to be a better writer. Actually in writing this I unconsciously found myself editing my post to reflect the new skills - it has such an impact.
This course is useful for those who are new to writing scientific articles. Still, it is helpful for those too who already published scientific papers. I enjoyed the course overall, even if I don't have a degree in medicine. I suggest widening the scope of the writing assignments to life sciences.
The course is great for writing in the sciences. What is even better is Dr.Kristin Sainani invited a lot of speaker in this course and solve problems from different perspectives. I really enjoy the class and getting feedback from peers. and now I am ready to start my first scientific publication!
Thank you so much Dr. Sainani for giving me the confidence to start writing.I had been looking for a course on effective writing such as this for years. This course answered all the questions I had on writing - and introduced me to  essential  writing techniques.Excellent course! Thank you again.
Previously I worked  desperately on summarizing papers in my field of interest but I failed to construct
a simple summary paper repeatedly, I could not find a helpful course to assist
me out. I was lucky to find this course on COURSERA.com, because no such
class/course is offered in my university
This course has helped me better my writing skills. I also understood the untold rules of scientific writing. It also gave a good practice for what I learnt and I continue with the progress. The instructor was explained the chapters very well with great examples that has engrained in my brain.
I really found this course incredible insightful and clear for assisting in my scientific writing. It pointed out a lot of my blind spots, and gave me many 'a-ha!' moments. I'd highly recommend it for scientific writers of all levels, even to just refine technique and help correct bad habits.
I never understood the science behind the writing. Thank you Dr. Kristin Sainani and everyone behind this course and I really appreciate for making it free. there are people like me out there who do not have access to an international payment system who can't pay even though he is willing to.
This course
has been of immense help to me.  I
recently authored my first paper, and it was accepted for publication after
only minor revision!  I couldn’t have hoped for such
a good outcome without this course - a huge thank you to Dr
Kristin Sainani for making it so clear and
comprehensive.
Really helped me polish my writing skills for scientific writing. The contents are very comprehensive and well delivered. This course helped me to get started in my journey of writing in the sciences. Huge thanks to all the instructors and Stanford University for offering this course online.
I really enjoyed this course. The modules were broken up into bite-sized pieces that made the material easy to digest. The optional demo videos were excellent--it was great to see the skills we were learning in action. I thought the examples were all fantastic. Thank you for a great course!
The Writing in the Sciences course has been very informative and interesting! The 8 week course was just the right length to be useful but not take up a lot of time. I would definitely recommend this course for those who are writing journal articles, thesis chapters and articles on science.
Totally worth-attending. It is much better than good. From week 5 you will obtain a different perspective on scientific paper. You always knew deep inside that something isn't exactly right with the way you write your papers. Dr. Sianani has done an amazing job putting things in order .
This course helps you to understand the key point for writing science documents. When you follow all the module, you can learn the key point about how to write the article, review comments,  and social media. I recommend the people involved in the science filed should take this course.
Writing in Science- a course by Coursera and Stanford- is one of the best. The course engages the student with the logical and simple flow, material, and excellent explanation by Dr. Kristin Sainani. It has helped me to understand better the thought process of writing and peer review.
It was a pleasure to participate on this curse! The classes were great and the teacher is amazing. The things I learned about writing in the sciences are already being usefull for me as a Med Student who wants to be in academics. i recommend it to everyone who wants to write better!
Very nice material and the presentations were excellent. I believe, i greatly improved my writing but also my reading skills. But, it covers a lot of topics and unfortunately sometimes the approach seems superficial. After you get passed the first 2 weeks it gets really interesting.
This course totally opened my point of view on how a medical paper was written. The module curriculum is logical, the materials are brief, the instructor is humorous! Everything is perfect! Thank you so much, Stanford Online, for bringing such an amazing and essential course to us!
Great content! Amazing teacher! it really helped me to clearly understand how all aspects of writing in the sciences work, very helpful topics. Thank you for sharing this kind of content with us. I am from Brazil and was able to do it from here. One of the best courses I ever took.
Excellent course! I enjoyed listening to the teacher she is absolutely fantastic and the course is really well presented. I feel like I've learned a lot and I took notes most of the time so I can go back and revise if required. I recommend this to anyone who wants to write/publish.
Thanks to coursera for this wonderful course. This is very helpful for every scholars no matter from what field he/she is coming. From this course one can learn a to z of scientific writing, from how to write a paper to how to edit one. All the credit goes to Dr.kristiani sainani.
The course was useful. I liked the structuring of the course, and also the brief introduction to the various forms of writing in sciences. It is very well thought of by the instructor, and I appreciate the effort she has taken for setting up the structure of the course. Thank you.
I have completed a few writing courses and this is by far the stand-out.  It is very comprehensive and provides lots of real examples and opportunities to practice.I highly recommended this for project managers - as often effective writing proves the main barrier to their career.
This is an intensive and useful course. The information is good and the practice will improve or fine-tune your skills and you can learn some tips too. Highly recommend the course for individuals at all stages of their scientific writing, as there is something for everyone here.
That is very practical with very useful examples for beginners. This course have tried to cover differnet aspects of science writing and the instructor information is surprisingly wide and thourough. Her English accent is great that you can understand her explanation easily.
Excellent course! The professor does a great job explaining concepts and providing examples to demonstrate skills and techniques. I learned a lot in this course about writing and I have a new way of thinking about writing and reading in general, not just medical literature.
I love this course very much, just a bit regret why I found it after I had completed my PhD :( Yet this course provides a great informative and useful resources to improve my writing skills... DEFINITELY!! I Thank you very much Dr Kristin Sainani and team, I love you all!!
A great course. You can learn great tricks to improve your scientific writing. Those who are struggling to  write a paper; this program is the key they teach about the outline and ways to deal with before starting to write your manuscript. I personally enjoyed this course.
Thanks a lot, mam. This was one of the best courses I ever had on this platform. The amount of effort that the instructor put in, is really remarkable. I hope that the knowledge acquired from this course would help me reach millions of miles in science. Thanks a lot again.
I used to think I was good at writing until Dr. Krisitin showed me that I still had a long way to go! The title looks scientific, but don't be fooled, It is equally beneficial to those who are not into sciences. The course is what I will call "the ABC of science writing".
It was a great course, one of the most complete I have done, and I know that in the future it will help a lot, very clear, with multiple examples and activities to apply the lesson. I loved the way Dr. Kristin Sainani used to teach, congratulations on this amazing course.
I found this course to be so eye-opening!  The instructor is amazing.  All my years of taking advanced science and medical coursework have led to all of the writing problems identified in this course.  I have recommended this course to all of my fellow science braniacs.
What a wonderful course. It is the first time I have complete one at Coursera, and I must say it has set a high bar. I wish in the future, a longer version of Writing only is provided—the last modules, while very helpful, seem to be a bit more than I currently needed.
I did not expect an online course to contain such high level of efficiency. It was very well planned and I used a lot of the advices in my paper. I recommend people, who just want to start writing their paper, to take this course. It is very professional and helpful.
This course upscaled the conventional ways of gaining a quality education under the strong mentorship of a brilliant instructor. I recommend this course to those who find professional writing, challenging but are determined to re-work on their foundation. Cheers!
Great course for writing in the sciences.  This course does a great job of covering scientific writing for journal publications and beyond.  Great presentations and great content! The forums are also very helpful for more helpful links and great ideas from peers.
This was my first online course ever and perhaps it will be one I enjoyed most. Dr. Kristin Sainani is a great teacher. Her lectures have created deep impact in my thought process. I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn how to write science.
This course was fantastic. As a new entrant to the sciences and after struggling for a while with the switch from creative to scientific writing, this course was perfect. I would highly recommend this for everyone from undergrad to PhD and everything in between.
This course can make any writer improve their writing. I enjoyed the edit demonstrations with the downloadable text samples. The exercises prepare you for the quiz and the peer-review assignments provide quality feedback. Overall tremendous learning experience.
A fresh and inspiring course that unveils a clearer approach to the way that science can be communicated, from writing papers and reviews to scientific articles for the general public; quite catchy for everyone that enjoys science, communication and writing.
This is one of the best courses available. It goes through the basics of scientific writing, writing grants, lay audience science stories, to preparing for interviews. Balanced weekly materials make the 8 weeks journey very pleasant. I strongly recommend it.
This course provides applicable and easy-to-follow guidance on writing and communication in general.Dr. Kristin Sainani is a humorous and methodical instructor who can explain things inside out, taking the big pictures and the nitty-gritty both into account.
Loved this course! I learned so much more than i thought i would.  i had lots of fun doing the assignments. Every single module was exciting and interesting.  Excellent tips by the instructor Dr. Kristin Sainani. Looking forward to many such courses by her.
As a young researcher (PhD student) the course was very helpful. Kristin was very good at conveying the key points across. I would say every PhD student should take this course if he or she has not got a chance to have something similar at their university.
Prof. Sainani  is extremely helpful and the course is well prepared. It is the best writing course I had taken - not only the best in English writing, but also the best including my own language. I really appreciate Prof. Sainani's devotion to this course.
It's incredible! I didn't take any classes in scientific writing at my vet school and it was so hard for me to understand what I need to write in my manuscripts. I've learned so much with this course. Thank you! I will recommend it to all young scientists.
I literally feel the urge to shout from the rooftops about this course! It's comprehensive, inspiring and immediately useful. I only regret not coming across it before struggling with my very first papers! It really makes you look forward to start writing.
Great course! Although English isn't my first language, I was able to understand the lectures and apply the techniques I learned here to my essays in Portuguese. The peer-reviewed assignments are great because they provide good insight into your progress.
This writing course improved my skills by several folds. Dr. Kristin Sainani is a wonderful instructor and she made the course more valuable by bringing in expert views. Not only as a writer but I have been able to give more helpful feedback to my peers.
The course was an illustrative tool to improve writing skills. In this course, I found the contents of grammar, writing strategies, and best practices for writing in science. I feel happy of having finished it and learned how to write better and concize.
The teaching method was excellent. Dr Kristin Sainani clearly explains all the intricacies with so much clarity and brevity that everything she taught is learnt by heart. Thank You so much Dr Kristin and Coursera for giving me this learning opportunity.
It'a wonderful experience! The course is greatly structured, and Dr. Sainani is a wonderful professor, always explaining what she is doing and providing extra material, information, exercises, and all the kind of material and references you should need!
This course introduces a  great piece of knowledge. It helps you read scientific papers, write manuscripts and manage a successful contact with media and social media. It also gives you a good tips for publishing and for many aspects related to science.
A really nice and useful course. I think it covers all the types of academic writing (ie reports, papers but also grants and recommendation letters) in an easy-to-follow way. Definitely recommended for anyone not very comfortable with academic writing!
Great introduction to writing in the sciences. I think this course covers everything you need to get started with reading and reviewing scientific material. section 5 was especially helpful. Lectures were well organized, thought provoking, and engaging
Writing in the Sciences is the best writing course I've ever taken. The advice is sound and Kristin is a great, inspiring teacher. I recommend this course to anyone in graduate school who wants to learn A LOT on writing for lay or technical audiences.
This class has a very adaptable pace. It is also very complete, with relevant instances from Nature papers, but also from The NY Times for lay summaries. It has been particularly useful to me as a non-native english speaker. I definitely recommend it.
A highly recommended course for all those who are starting to write scientific texts but also for those who have already published papers. The course is very useful because it teaches how to correct the writing errors that scientists have ever made.
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn" -  the approach Dr. Kristin Sainani chose in her "Writing in Sciences" course.I cannot fully express how valuable is the knowledge I gained for my scientific career. Thank you!
This is one of the best course I have taken through Coursera. Learned a lot of things in scientific writing and editing my journals and manuscripts in class. Thanks Coursera and Stanford University for this great learning. More power and God bless.
Kristine is a great teacher and an awesome editor! I love her style in taking you through the main foundation of scientific writing. I also appreciated her commitment in supporting and maintaining a  high level of ethics in the scientific community
I really enjoy this course and gain so much insight to improve my writings! Though my experience in this field is still lacking, but I'm looking forward to fathom science writings in the near future. Thank you so much for the lecture, Dr. Kristin!
Course is well designed. So many requirements of writing skill has been explained and demonstrated. Actual recorded interview of the guide level professors has been shown.I am benefited through this course.Thanks to Coursera & Stanford University.
Excellent! I love it! I have written several papers but I was never confident or satisfied with my writing. I am sure I will do better next time thanks to this course. The best thing about it is the teacher! She keeps you entertained and engaged!
I'm a college student and despite having taken several academic writing courses before, none of them compare to this one since it is specifically tailored for the Sciences. It really is a must-take if you plan to become a professional scientist.
Dr. Sainani's course "Writing in the Sciences" is a pleasure. The materials are organised and clear, Dr. Sainani speaks clearly and slowly, and the assignments are interesting. I learned so much about writing; the process, structure and wording.
very good course for English writing beginners! easy to understand, lots of tips and examples.the teaching style is perfect. the voice of the teacher is beautiful.I strongly advise you to choose this course to improve you English writing skills.
I learned so much from this course! As a beginner for scientific writing, I am so luck that I chose this course to begin. It gave me a good start with right principles! The contents are wide also detailed and contains many exercises. Wonderful!
I loved this course. The first half was specially useful for me as a master's student. In the future, i believe the course could be split in two parts, so students can focus more and exercise each part (scicom + scientific writing for papers).
A helpful course to get an idea about different types of writing (academic writing, social media writing, interview and so on) and to learn useful tips of concise writing. Especially recommend for people who speak English as a second language.
This course is really helpful to my future study and research! I learned the correct and efficient way to write a scientific article. And I really appreciate the reviews of my assignments by other fellows, which are helpful for my improvement.
A very informative course for upcoming scientists. I highly recommend this course who has no idea about how to start the work with writing.  It has a lot to learn far more than writing. Thank you Dr. Kristin Sainani for this wonderful effort.
This course was an amazing journey for me. It has given me immense knowledge about how to improve Scientific writing. The tools and techniques which I have gained from this course will help me out throughout life to present good publications.
Still remember the wonderful opening: "for those old here, welcome back; and for those who are new here, it's great to have you." Dr. Kristin is passionate and considerate; it's nice to be with her in the class, and also out of class, I hope.
I really enjoyed this course, it has been a great journey through all types of scientific writing! I strongly recommend enrollment as this course gives students great tips and tools to communicate science in  a very effective and simple way!
Dr. Kristin, in spite of teaching us the skill  & science behind writing, words limit my gratitude toward you.  It changed me as a writer, now I am second-guessing every word, obsessed with decluttering and listen to active voice. Thank You!
The course content was very helpful to understand more about scientific writing. I was glad it also covered other forms of writing and science communication. It would be great if the instructor can provide an additional more advanced course.
Excellent course. Everything the instructor discusses is incredibly applicable if you are writing a scientific paper or other related writing projects. It is clear and easy to follow and presented in a way that keeps the listener interested.
I would like to thanks Instructor for leading this course in very effective and engaging way.  The pros and cons of every step in writting is mentioned very clearly. Thanks  also for the coursera team to offer this valuable ccourse for free.
Very good course! Dr. Kristin Sainani is a great teacher and conveys information interestingly and engagingly. The content is very useful and my writing (and editing) is better now after taking the course. I would recommend it to everybody!
I learned many things. I wasn't expecting the last modules on reaching bigger audiences and sci-interviews, but I found them very interesting. Thanks for everything, I don't have a background in life-sciences but I still enjoy the course.
I was not that great in editing the scientific writings but Coursera has provided a great opportunity to improve my writing skills with the financial aid. Thank you for this wonderful course and this has already made a change in my life.
Extremely useful course. Thanks to Stanford University and Coursera for making this free. Thanks to Dr. Sainani for presenting an in-depth course with lots of easy-to-understand examples. The editing exercises were especially beneficial.
I am so glad to learn this course about key principles of effective writing science, really was very useful to me and learn something new and I will apply this in very near future. Thanks a lot, Dr.  Kristin Sainani

Stanford University
This course is truly amazing, Dr. Kristin has an outstanding way of simplifying complicated topics. The course gives a comprehensive knowledge in writing; starting from the very first draft, to publishing, and finally to be interviewed.
FANTASTIC COURSE!! A must-do for anyone interested in using writing to communicate their scholarly work (i.e. everyone). Will be recommending to ALL my colleagues. Thank you for making this outstanding resource available free of charge.
Excellent course and wonderful instructor! After 8 weeks I feel like missing the course videos. Very understandable and learnt a lot from the course! I thank the instructor for her excellent teaching skills which is approachable to all!
This course was exceptional. It is comprehensive enough to cover most forms of science-related communication. The sentence-level examples are incredibly helpful. I anticipate returning to this course several times to review the lessons!
A wonderful course filled with useful tips on how to write better, publish better and engage better. This is a course that all postgraduates need to take to undo the bad habits our undergrad lecturers taught us. Thank you, Prof Sainani!
Thanks a lot for such an important course. The lecture series is so impressive and useful for researchers and young academicians. Well-explained with suitable examples. Thank you Stanford University, Dr Kristin Sainani,  and Coursera.
The instructor made an excellent job of teaching the course. The homework exercises were also well suited in buttressing knowledge gained from the course. I would definitely recommend to persons interested in improving their writing.
Can a course be thrilling and informative? This is a very practical course. There are ample examples of live edits turning impenetrable scientific writing from unfamiliar fields into a clear message a broad audience could understand.
The course is rich of new information and suitable for all levels (except for extreme professional). I have also learned from the way Dr. Kristin Sainani present the course. I highly recommend it, especially for biological students.
I liked the course a lot and learnt so many things. Thank you Dr. Kristin Sainani for the wonderful talks/lectures. I would like to keep in touch with you through my email ID: shatarupasarkar.92@gmail.com.Warm regardsShatarupaIndia
This is a wonderful course! It's absolutely perfect for students just starting out their careers. Fantastic instructor with lively and engaging lectures. This course taught me more about good writing than my entire schooling years.
This course is high-caliber. It is not just good content-wise, but the pedagogy of teaching is also clear, straightforward, and effective. The instructor designed the course very well and was able to transfer knowledge and methods.
The course is well organized, focused on correct things and the instructor is very clear in explanation.I would have preferred having more exercises on writing abstracts, paragraphs and so on. But the course is worth it. Thank you.
The teacher is awesome, her way of talking is very engaging. The practical editing exercises help to make your writing clear and concise. All in all, a comprehensive introduction to scientific/medical writing. Highly recommended!!!
One of the best courses I have taken. Well structured, clear, concise, but rich. Professor Sainani has a great experience and a very nice , strong voice. I really recommend it to everybody involved in writing or science. Thank you
The information presented in this course is useful for those in all scientific disciplines, and the instructor presents it in an engaging way. I would recommend this course to anyone looking to advance their communication skills!
I'm a first Year IBDP student, which means that I'll be writing a lot! But this course has really helped me break down so much of my work into simpler, smaller parts that don't seem as daunting as a 4000 word research paper does.
Very well structured course that goes through the most important aspects of writing in science. The course is suitable for you whether you work in academic science or in some sort of scientific writing context. Highly recommend!
From the basic grammar skills to writing a sentence , this course has made me enjoy every bit of what I do in writing or reading or editing a scientific paper. The energy in Kristen's voice makes the course interesting to hear.
Wow, this is really an awesome course designed for all types of writing, focusing on academic papers, but also spread to social media. The teacher is great in explaining the materials. I would highly recommend this to everyone!
I thoroughly enjoyed working on this course. Prof. Sainani used a variety of interactive assignments and talks with experts in the field (editors, recently published, interviewed scientists) were the best parts of this course.
I really loved this course. Dr. Sainani is a great teacher. Before starting this course I totally hated writing  for scientific purposes, but now many aspects are clearer and I now how to approach this field in the right way.
Absolutely recommended for anyone who writes in science. Direct, simple, and clear advise that are very practical and useful. I really appreciate Dr. Sainani's big effort to make this course interactive with lots of examples.
For non-native English speakers like me, this course really gave an effective overview of how to write succinctly in Science and added confidence writing in the future. Thank you Kristin for designing such a beautiful course.
Excellent course. Dr. Sainani is a knowledgeable, inspiring, and effective teacher. Anyone serious about writing in the sciences should take this course. My one regret is the course does not offer a certificate of completion.
This course has been AWESOME!!! I enjoyed it from the beginning. I thank the instructor and all those who made this course available online for opening my horizons on scientific writing. This is exactly the help I needed!!!!
This course definitely sharpens your writing skill. It gives you enough confidence to write a paper. Professor Dr.Kristin Sainani is an excellent teacher,  She has made this wide n extensive subject very easy to comprehend.
This course is very useful for those students who are new on the field of writing in the Science. It is the same for me, so I am glad for doing it. It gave me a lot of good advices. I recommend it to every young researches.
Wonderful Experience! Writing in Sciences is very Interesting course-well explained by Dr. Kristin Sainani. I learnt smart ways to put ideas into paper. I would suggest everyone to try this course to improve writing skills.
It is a great course. I learned a lot form it. I would definitely recommend to all the science students, new scientists. I would like to thank Dr.Kristin Sainani very much. She made the complex stuff really simple and easy.
Very helpful course for graduate students. I was struggling with writing, as most of the graduate students do at some stage of their career. This course helped me a lot to improve my skills as a writer. Highly recommended.
Despite having decent experience with scientific writing, this course made me more aware of what compelling writing looks like.  From improving sentences to organizing a manuscript, this course was an excellent refresher.
If you are looking for guidance on form-focused writing, take this course. If you want to bring real value to the table by focusing on functionality, check out LEADERSHIP LAB: The Craft of Writing Effectively on YouTube.
Really enjoyed the course and learned a lot too!  Great writing tips and concepts, very clearly explained plus many exercises and quizzes so we can practive what we learned right away. Thanks for this excellent course.
Very good Course, I thoroughly enjoyed learning and this has definitely helped me in my writing and understanding of Scientific articles. Thank you Dr. Kristin Sainani for such detailed videos and interesting lectures.
This is a fantastic course to improve your written expression. Dr Sainani is a genius at imparting valuable information about how to write concisely. I thoroughly enjoyed doing the course and would highly recommend it.
The course contains everything that is important for writing and understanding a research paper. The interview sessions of different professors was a cherry on the cake. It is a great course and I highly recommend it.
I enjoyed doing this course. My writing skills have improved and I am able to use these skills in my work. The course was easy to follow, well presented and pitched at an appropriate level for people in the sciences.
I frequently edit manuscripts and grants for my lab. Taking this course elevated my ability to identify poor writing and replace it with quality prose. I would recommend this course - even to native English speakers.
First of all I want to thank you Dr. Kristiani Sainani Madam and Coursera. I thank you for the wonderful classes. It's a great course with a fantastic Professor - that has a clear thinking when speaking and writing.
Great course! I learned how to write an article spending less time. I also improved my writing skills understanding what a reader loves. I recommend it to eveyone aims to become a researcher/writer in the sciences!
Thank you very much for this valuable course. Dr. Kristin has made my life easier. This course version is updated, useful, and to the point. I am looking forward to more future advanced courses with Dr. Kristin :))
Professor You are great ! I am enjoying listening to this potential academic course If you can combine other human fields examples, (e.g., Business, Human and political), that's will be great. Thanks again Mahmoud
This was a really great course. I enjoyed it very much and appreciated how thorough and complete this course was. I wish I had come across it sooner. Thanks for offering this course and making it freely available!
This course was very useful. I have been writing scientific articles for 8 years now and never had the opportunity to receive well structured training on it! I will recommended it to ANY and ALL graduate students!
This course helped me to think "simple" is the best. Enabled me to reduce the complications in my writing. I'm grateful to the chance through Coursera and to the teacher who engaged the class with full enthusiasm.
It's a very interesting experience where I learned alot of tips to improve my understanding and to promote my writing skills.Thank you very much Dr. Kristin Sainanoni for your effort I highly recommend this course
This was an excellent course, giving a wonderful overview of techniques essential for good writing in the sciences. I think people at any stage in their writing career will find something useful to take out of it.
I learned a lot during this course. I did not know I was making so many mistakes after I took this course. Now I feel prepared to face my new writing challenge and also help my colleagues correcting their papers.
The course provided vast knowledge in the field of scientific writing. I have learned many skills to enhance my writing skills. I would certainly recommend my colleagues and friends to take this course in future.
It is a great course!  Writing is very important and all the information we received will make us better writers. Kristin Sainani is an excellent instructor, she gets the information across very well.  Thank you
It was a great course-very engaging through the examinations and exercise. I would recommend it to all young, mid-career, and even senior scientists.  There's something new that they will pick from this course.
Loved the details about decluttering. I’ve used it a lot in my work with positive results. The modules on grants and social media were presented badly. They speakers used “um” a lot which was very distracting.
Course designing was so impressive. This course covered all the minute but important points and details of Science writings. Her method of illustration is so calm and easy to grasp. Thanks for the opportunity.
Kristin is an amazing instructor! Her teaching style and explanations are easy to understand. She is very knowledgable about the subject; and she speaks with passion and spark. I thoroughly enjoyed the course.
All of the videos were very well done. I appreciate the "face to face" at the beginning of each section and video because it makes you feel like you are actually in a class, rather than looking at a computer.
This course is excellent for those in the scientific field. The materials were clear and easy to understand. The dicussions remained active, and the mentors were always available to help. I really enjoyed it.
Dr. Sainani's positive flare and eloquent modules have made this course a remarkable one. The comprehensive discussion section - filled with brilliant and considerate peers - takes this course to next level.
I enjoyed every bit of this course and it gives me the confidence to think about a career in writing!I'm thankful to the professor who took so much of effort to make this course engaging from the beginning.
Dr. Sainani is a proficient, engaging, and thoughtful teacher. I have enjoyed every moment spent on this course; I look forward to applying all the concepts and tricks in my writing! Thank you Dr. Sainani!!
this is a great way to brush up the rules of writing in science especially during the lockdown (pandemic time). its a good way to check where you are going wrong or what you did right in scientific writing,
This course was fantastic. I really struggle with writing concisely and I have had feedback from others that my writing style has greatly improved whilst taking this course and I hope it continues this way.
This course is very useful for a beginner like me. It provided all guidelines for writing in sciences from a manuscripts to a tweet! I really love this course and would recommend you all to give it a try!
It was an amazing course. I've gained important skills and figured a number of tips and tricks. I'd like to express special thanks to Kristin Sainani for her inspirational and extremely helpful lections.
I think Dr. Sainani is a great teacher, I learnt a lot from her lessons and I appreciated especially the explanations about how to write all the sections of the article. I strongly recommend this course!
Amazing course. Very well designed. All the aspect of writing in science is well explained, in simple language. I loved the entire sessions. I have recommended this course to many friends. Thanks a lot
A very helpful course. My writing has improved significantly in these 8 weeks. I highly recommend this course to everyone. Thank you Dr. Kristin Sainani and Coursera for bringing this course together.
The course gave an overall overview how to perform good writing and how to b present in media. The course gave a really authentic insight how journals work and that good writing is the key to success.
This was an amazing course that really helped me with my medical writing skills and understanding how making things clear for all audiences can help in spreading scientific knowledge across the world.
a fantastic course! I've recommended it to my colleagues and even my supervisor! Every scientist of today should take this course and perhaps re-read when you want to start writing it! JUST LOVE IT!
"Writing in the Sciences" is a well-structured and balanced course to understand research writing process from the basics. Dr Sainani has done a great job with her valuable tips on science writing.
The practical trainings and questionaires strengthened my skills. The course trains you to cut clutter, structure your manuscript and introduces you to a scientifc writing, including grant writing.
This course was very helpful not only for scientists, but also for people from different backgrounds. I am a linguist, but all the lectures were adressed to the broad audience. I highly reccommend!
Hello KristinThank you for teaching me the basics of academic writing and editing with proper grammar. In this course, I was introduced to the scientific panel which further enriched my knowledge.
I found this course very good: well organized, covering a wide range of applications within the science writing scope and full of useful tips. I have learned a lot. Dr. Kristin Sainani, thank you.
Excellent course! Kept me engaged throughout with a well structured format. Everything was thoroughly explained. I find these lectures to be a useful resource for any person in a scientific field.
It's a very useful and rich course. I recommend it to all science learners. Thanks, Dr. Kristin Sainani for this content, thanks to Coursera and Stanford  University for this precious opportunity.
The instructor and course material were superb! Everything that I learned in this course will help me to advance in my career; from the research that I am currently conducting to future endeavors.
An excellent course! Dr. Kristin is the teacher you wish you had in your institution. The course has a perfect structure that inculcates the writing principles in you without you even knowing it.
This is one of the wonderful course on Writing that I came across. I highly recommend this course to people who are interested in making their career in writing or prospective doctorate students.
Great information.  I've had trouble with active writing since High School and this class clarified that issue.  The last couple weeks are also motivating for writing for journals and grants. =)
Great course. especially the first few weeks are spot-on. Just all the writing tips I wish I'd gotten years ago. The second halve, for me (management science, not medical), isn't too applicable.
It helped me learn a lot. Christin maam has explained all the pointers very well for good writing. It helped me improve a lot. I am really thankful to Christin maam and coursera for this course
A great course to help you relax and shave off pressure when writing scientific articles. It contains many great tips and ideas to write more efficiently and in a way that will attract readers.
It was a great experience for me as it helped me to learn the skill of writing a scientific paper. The way Dr. Kristin explained the methods and presented the points of writing was spectacular.
I'm an Italian Pharmacist and Medical Writer, so the subtitles have been very useful. I learned useful information about writing in the sciences, searching data and exposing results. Thank you!
This is a fantastic course for people at any level of their science carrier. The knowledge I have gained here will help me in every writing foray - from grants to personal essays to blog posts.
I started this course several years ago and stop. Two weeks ago I started again this course and I could finished it in two weeks. I found this course very helpful in improving my writing skill.
this is the best course I've learned on the web and Dr. Kristin Sainani is a brilliant tutor I've ever seen. Thanks a lot, I will conclude my notes and improve my science writing step by step.
It is an excellent course. It has straightforward and useful tips to write in science. It is a helpful course for beginners and also for those with a little experience. I highly recommend it.
The professor was very good, personable, and rarely boring. The course covered a lot of area for editors, writers, scientists, and others who find themselves writing/editing technical papers.
I really enjoyed the course. It provided lots of insights into writing process not only for scientists. I gained a lot of knowledge and tips to be a more effective writer. Thank you so much.
Exceptional Course! Learnt step by step writing of the sciences ranging from a research paper,a review article to science news stories .The inputs given must have taken years to assimilate.
This course allowed me to understand my abilities. Thanks to the wide scope of topics, I was able to understand that I was dreaming of becoming an editor of a scientific journal. Thank you!
The course is very fruitful, exciting, and friendly to take. If you are starting your career in science, and you have not developed enough skills to write confidently, you must to take it.
It is a really good course for students who are just learning how to write scientific manuscripts. Moreover this course also covers other writings apart from scientific manuscript writing.
Thanks for the opportunity to be tutored by such an amazing professor, I think this course has transformed my writing abilities into a whole new level, and to that, I am forever grateful!
I really recommend doing this course because it is very complete in terms of content and also because it gives you the necessary tools to write research papers. I really enjoyed doing it!
The key points in this course are quite clear and tips are useful. Wish every student could get some feedback from professors regarding to our writing. Many thanks to Dr. Kristin Sainani.
A great course with concrete and specific guidelines that would help anyone to create better texts in the context of Science - not only journal articles but also pieces for the lay public
Dr. Sainani's course is carefully designed to cover all major aspects of Scientific writting. The course has some interesting challenges while still remaning entertaining and accessible.
Course was helpful and corrected a lot of mistakes I've been making. The instructor was clear and articulate, the arrangement of the lessons also followed a logical, easy-to-follow flow.
I want to thank you Dr. Kristin Sainani and all presenters, for putting together such an amazing course. It was an incredible learning experience from start to finish. Thank you so much!
This course has really helped me summarise scientific concepts and translate these for a lay audience. Would highly recommend for anyone looking to improve their overall writing ability.
I highly recommend this course to everyone who is
interested, especially the beginners in the field. Dr. Kristin is very didactic
and proposes interesting exercises. Thanks, Dr Kristin!
I really appreciate the content of this course. I learnt new things inspite being into medical writing for 1 year. I would definitely recommend this course to other medical writers too.
While taking this class, I immediately noticed a difference in the quality of my writing. Even if you don't write papers on hard sciences (I study archaeology) the concepts still apply.
Every person who intends to join scientific world must take this course. Course content is very well designed and explained. This course has made an impact on the way I think and write.
This is a gem of a course!  You will learn a ton, even if you thought you were already a great writer.  Worth all the effort; I intend to refer back to my notes as a writing reference.
This course helped me to overcome my fear of writing; with interactive examples the instructor made this course very comprehensive. It completely changed my view on scientific writing.
The best scientific writing course I've ever done! Congratulations to the instructor Dr. Kristin Sainani, Stanford University and Coursera for making this quality available. Thank you!
This course not only taught me good writing practices in an array of applications, but has made me more aware of my own writing style and tendencies in order to make positive changes.
It was a helpful course towards improving one's ability to communicate. The lessons helped me with improving my structure, interpretations, and perspective towards writing. Thank you!
I am very grateful to Dr. Kristin Sainani and to the Coursera team. It was a great opportunity. The knowledge I received at the course would be very helpful in many areas of my life!
Don't be fooled by the course being classified as a beginner level course. There is plenty of knowledge in this that you're likely to hone more than a skill or two. Excellent course.
I have really enjoyed this course. As someone who is about to embark on my MSc Kinesiology, I found it very useful. Reviewing this course a second time would be very helpful as well.
Excellent course! The classes are clear, easy to follow (even if English is your second language) and have many useful tips! I recommend this course to everyone that is in academia.
This course was really useful to me, I learned so much, I like to thank our mentor Dr Kristin for her time, efforts ,and information and I hope to learn more from her in the future.
If you have many fundamental questions on how to write for sciences, this course will certainly address most of them. The lecturer provide tons of valuable tips. Highly recommended!
Really liked this course. I found practical tips to improve my scientific writing skills and I think it allowed me to explore other types of scientific writing besides manuscripts.
I'm not finished yet but am thoroughly impressed. Clear explanations, practical examples and practice problems, and text provided as Word downloads...wonderful. Highly recommended.
Awesome course in an easy to understand vocabulary. It should be included in all science programs at college level for better understanding of 'writing in sciences'. Great work !!!
Kristin Sainani is a wonderful teacher. Her way of teaching is very interactive and learning environment . I wanna thanks to all the Coursera team who is managing all this for us.
This course drastically changed my writing and convinced me that I don't have to use awkward science writing conventions (like the passive voice and jargon) to be taken seriously.
Excellent course! thank you very much for the dedication you put on preparing clases and giving us tips for writing in sciences.  I will apply everything I learned in this course
This course was an introduction for me to the whole writing/ editing world, and I certainly learned a lot! Very much recommended, even if you have absolutely no prior experience.
I really enjoyed this class.  It made me rethink the way I write when it is from a scientific perspective and I believe it will serve me well moving forward into graduate school.
I loved this course! Dr. Sainani provides tangible tips and relevant insights for successful scientific writing. I look forward to applying these lessons to my upcoming projects.
Excellent course, and instructor. This course helped me a lot to understand different aspects of science writing. Moreover my interest in the topic is jumped up after the course.
A very good
class about writing in the academic department, great videos, great tips, great
and tough exercises. Highly recommended for whom want to improve their way of
writing.
This was a great course. The instructor was excellent and the content she covered was interesting. The information in this course will help me with my writing and editing skills.
Found this Course incredibly helpful,I am returning to University after some time working in a lab and this course helped sooth my anxiety about both reading and writing papers.
I would recommend this course for anyone writing any scientific literature. It has reduced my fear of writing. I will continue applying the methods I have learnt in this course.
Great course. It explained everything succinctly, with examples and demonstrations, as well as a lot of practice, which really helped ingrain the important concepts throughout.
The course was very good. The content, presentations, and assignments were well designed and delivered. I am happy to complete this course with honors. Thank you Dr. Kristin :)
It was an excellent course, I wish I could have came across this course earlier, anyways better late than never,it has helped me to develop my writing skills immensely. Thanks
A great classI learnt a lot, so much more than I thought I would. This course will help me not only in my scientific writing, but for all my communications. Thank you so much!
The professor was very articulate and knowledgable, and I was surprised to note that I learned so much throughout this course! Definitely information I will use in the future.
A really helpful course! I would appreciate if the professor selected more examples from areas other than medicine, to make it more appealing to the wider scientific audience.
Not being a native English speaker I found this course very useful, and although the course is focused on medicine, the course applies to all sciences. I highly recommend it.
The course was well structured , clear and covered every aspect of scientific skills required for academia. I learned a lot attending it. It was totally worthwile. Thank you.
This course was very enlightening. There were so many aspects of writing in sciences i never knew. I am hoping to apply the knowledge learnt in my future writing endeavours.
I am excited and honored to study and complete this course. I will remember this knowledge and experience forever and I will recommend to my loved ones to join this course.
Thank you for allowing me to integrate this online course.
It was an interesting experience, I recommend it, useful, organized and focused for people who write in Science.
It's the most fantastic course on writing I've ever taken! Dr.Kristin Sainani has won a lifetime fangirl in me! Thank you for bringing this course to us Stanford Medicine!
It was very nice and simple, easy to fit into my busy schedule, and I came out of it motivated to write, and with new skills, confidence, and a better sense of direction.
This was great course to learn how to write, where to begin and how to publish. Every point was covered in this course. This is great way start if you are new to writing.
Great course. I am not a scientific writer, but it taught me a lot about writing in general. The videos are fairly long, but packed with information. I highly recommend.
I really loved the course, it taught me so much- especially made me relearn how to write and feel enthusiastic about it. Thank you so much mam for this wonderful course.
This course has been extremely helpful! It has helped me understand the importance of writing, publishing and more importantly being a responsible academician.Thank you!
Really love this course. The tutor is so good in teaching and clarifying the methods of writing a variety of scientific publications with pretty good examples and demos.
An excellent course I love the "hacks" that are teaching here. The teacher takes her time to make a really clear point, allowing to learn how to write in science. Thanks
An interesting course that covers a lot of topics, very well explained. It presented a great variety of situations, explaining what to do or how to manage them properly.
This course is very well organized. The content is outstanding with clear concepts. I learn a lot from this course related to technical writing in academia and research.
Very important course. Really, I am very delighted to choose and finish it. Ass. Prof. Kristin Sainani was amazing and I liked the way in which the course is delivered.
I really liked this course! and I would recommend it to everyone.It helped me a lot in many ways.Also I would like to thanks Dr. Kristin Sainani for this big efforts :)
This was such a good course that took me through everything needed for an early career researcher as I am writing my first paper to publish in a peer reviewed journal.
This course helped me so much in my final year . The course gradually progresses from an intermediate to an advanced level of writing. Thanks to the mentors and peers.
This course is very well designed and course contents are easy to understand. I must recommend this course for both UG and PG students to develop their writing skills.
This is a great platform to learn how to write. I'm confident that I will be writing better going forward during my studies. Thank you for such an amazing opportunity.
Thank you for your incredibly punctual yet understandable and convenient lessons! I would gladly recommend your course to my friends trying to write on the best level.
Kristin is awesome, very clear explanations, lots and lots of great tips and tricks. Excellent material delivered in a practical and friendly manner. Highly recommend!
It is really helpful, interesting, full of information and addresses all the areas related to scientific writing. Highly recommended to all scientific fields writer.
This course is very helpful for anyone looking for guidance on how to write a scientific paper. It helped me a lot and I am happy to have enrolled for such a course.
It was a great course, I have learned a lot about how to write in science, it has improved many skills such as peer review, write essay and more. Thank you coursera.
Thank you for this amazing course. Now I am more confident & cable to write the best papers, I could not do it without you!!From the bottom of my heart, THANK YOU!!!
i never thought that these kind of things can be learned from the internet. But i am happy and learning (perhaps slowly due to my internet connection), thanks a lot.
Writing effectively and communicating your research is as important as performing experiments. This course should be made mandatory for every scientist in research.
Great course and very good professor. The course tells all you need to know to communicate science in different ways. It uses many examples of good and bad writing.
Excelent course! Easy to follow, practical and full of examples and excercises which make it very profitable. Highly recommended for beginners and experts as well!
very important course for the research community or for those who want to write scientific articles. This course cover all the necessary things for the beginners..
I enjoyed every moment of the course. It was such joy to listen to Dr. Sainani talk about the finer details of writing. I wish I had access to this course earlier.
A comprehensive course aimed at equipping the candidate with expertise in scientific writing. I would highly recommend this course as I had a great time learning.
The instructor is using her experience, so it is useful. The examples used are simple and can be understood by all. I would strongly recommend to take this course
Great opportunity to learn how to write, review, and even speak to lay audience in sciences! Highly recommended. Thanks to the people responsible of this course!
This is very a helpful intensive course to enhance and shapen my writing skills. Main contents and given examples are clear and easy to understand for beginners.
A really interesting course, it made me think about writing techniques that are often overlooked when it comes to science communication. I totally recommend it.
I liked this course a lot! It was really useful; it enhanced my way of writing and at some point changed my attitude towards academic writing. Highly recommend!
What an incredible teacher. I would take any course with her. She cleared so many obstacles with her unique insights and experience - a real gift. Thank you!!
This course is fantastic and has taught me a lot on writing and editing. It is well taught and explained with tons of examples. Thank you Dr. Kristin Sainani.
I have learned a lot. It is a well-structured course, with not too long videos, doable homework, and the most important: really useful for real life. Thanks!
Very good course. Learnt how to review and write an article. Easily understandable and interesting classes by Dr. Kristin Sainani. Thanks for helping me out.
Very refreshing course that clearly states the do's and dont's of scientific writing. Highly recommended for beginners and even professional writers/editors.
It is an excelent course to learn how to organize and write a Scientific Paper. It is very useful and I'm sure I will use all the knowledge I have acquired.
The course was very helpful and would be of great benefit for me in my future. Thank you so much Stanford University for giving this wonderful opportunity.
Very useful course to develope skills for writing papers. In this moment I'm finally planning to start my paper abour infertility, I expect to do it great!
verygoodand well planed module, I enjoyed listening to all the materials and activities. Thanks coursera writing in science for helping me improve myself!
One of the best Courses by coursera. It is truly helpful to me for writing Research articles and guiding a roadmap for my career. Truly a very good course
A comprehensive, well-organized course which took me to the next level as a writer. The demo exercises were particularly great to practice what we learnt.
Fantastic course of medical literature and writing, as well as a brief into to other related topics (ie - grant writing, writing for the lay person, etc.)
it was a very valuable course, i have learned a lot of new skills in writing scientific papers. Thank for such 
informative course and great presentation.
Excellent course, delivered in a clear and concise format. I would highly recommend this course to anyone seeking to improve their basic writing skills.
Very good course. Informative and hands on. The activities given were thought triggering. Good luck. I hope many more scholars benefit from this course.
Great explanations and lots of good editing practice.  A lot of online english classes don’t work for me, but I finally found this one that really does!
I recommend this course to all graduate students who are pursuing PhDs. You get wonderful writing skills that help you while writing research articles.
Add more questions during the videos from the modules. It makes students pay more attention and also gives a welcomed pause to all the new information.
Great course! Found it entertaining and very useful! Got a lot of guidelines and tips that I will definetively use in the future! Highly recomended! :)
This is an Excellent course for students , researchers and for anyone who is working in science, Thank you very much to the Instructor for her efforts!
Great course! You do not only learn how to write, edit, and review in science, but you also get immersed in the world of the communication of science.
As an immigrant, this is the best way to study and I recommend it to all. Find time and improve on your education qualifications. This is the gateway.
This course really broadened my perspective in writing in the sciences. It also taught me a lot of principles that will help me for my thesis writing.
This is an excellent and valuable course with a brilliant and highly experienced tutor. Even non-scientists should gain innumerably from the content.
Dr. Sainini is an excellent lecturer! I learned a lot and the course offered me new tips that I can surely apply in my current postgraduate research.
Excellent course! Thank you Dr. Sainani. This course should be in the curriculum for scientific postgraduate/graduate study programs in universities.
Very nice course. Great increase in my knowledge about scientific writing. Nice writing techniques explain very well. I really liked the demo edits.
This course is very helpful, especially the first three modules. It would be more useful if I had the chance to take this course in graduate school.
Excellent teaching. I learned a lot about how to develop elegance in one's writing. Expected nothing less from Stanford. Truly the best of the best.
One of the best teachers I´ve ever known.  Explains with clarity, her voice is perfectly modulated. Her knowledge and its transmission: impressive!
Great Learning Experience. This course covered very detailed information about writing. Assignments are well prepared and very useful for learning.
I absolutely enjoyed this course. I got to learn a lot. This course has helped me immensely in pursuing my research. THANK YOU Dr. KRISTIN SAINANI!
Dr. Sainani was able to deliver all lessons very well. I have learned many things and I'm now confident than I can write scientific papers better.
Excellent course, it covers several relevant topics for scientist, as plagiarism, revision and writing for lay audiences. Very useful for my work
I never knew writing involved so many aspects. I thoroughly enjoyed doing this course which is very helpful for beginners in writing and editing.
This course is one of the best courses I've ever taken. It taught me how to write the right way. It's helping me a lot in my scientific career.
A very good informative course for beginners-intermediate learners and those who would want to start a course in medical or scientific writing.
The course is very beneficial. It opened my eyes on so many things!! I would recommend it to everyone who is starting to write in the sciences.
The classes of Writing in the Sciences was a great opportunite for I improve my knowledge in writing articles, and training my english fluence.
Loved the course! So helpful- a great review of the basics of writing in the sciences. I wish I would've had this info for past assignments. We
I loved this course!! I learned so much and only wish I'd had this course in undergrad! I'm recommending to my daughter who's in college now!
Packed with
first-class grammatical and style techniques—Dr Kristin demonstrates how to
structure and pitch articles for the target audience.
it provides all the info regarding writing  in science, this course is extremely useful, either for beginners and self taught people, as I am
Excellent content.  I know I will go back to my notes often.  I especially liked the bit about Translation (a.k.a. writing for lay audiences)
I loved it. It teached me a lot and i couldn't be more grateful to how it was done. An easy but effective way of learning. Thank you so much.
Wonderful class which I found extremely helpful as I started my research carrier. I am recommending it to everyone I know just starting out.
This was an amazing experience, it was an excellent course, with an excellent teacher and teaching, I'll make good use of what I've learned!
I loved this course! Goes to the point, very fun and catchy explanations.  I learned some useful tips and I am a better writer for sure now!
This course was awesome. full of useful information about how start writing a manuscript and edit it. it gives me more confidence in writing
This is an outstanding course for research paper writing and academic writing. It is very well organized. I really appreciate their efforts.
Its a great course. Provided lots of insights about scientific writing and helped me to improve my scientific writing skills and knowledge.
It's an excellent course, spot on to what I was after (writing a scientific paper) and change the way I write -  definitely for the better.
The course has really helped me understand the requirements of scientific writing and I can see how I will improve my writing from here on.
I have a feeling that this course might change my future on writing in the sciences, and I'll remember it forever. Gotta wait to see it...
I can't describe how useful it has been to me. The course really encourages me to work as a scientist and share my ideas through writing.
AMAZING COURSE!I LEARNED SO MUCH from this course. There are very worth tips to improve scientific writing. Everyone should check it out.
This course was helpful in restoring confidence in my writing skills by providing clear instruction for concise writing for the sciences.
It's a must if you are just starting to write scientific articles, and a good resource to review your skills if you have some experience.
The course was very informative and useful. It helped to develop my writing and editing skills. Highly recommended. Thank you very much!
This course has improved my way of organise and write my papers. It is really easy to follow and practical. I will highly recommend it!!
Simply amazing. I learned so much from Dr. Sainani in those short 8 weeks. I feel more confident in my writing now than when I started.
I am a resident doctor and this course is particularly helpful for doctors pursuing a research career! Love it and highly recommend it!
Great course for young scientists! The course taught me on how to write effectively, how to start writing, and how to get it published.
Great course for those who have difficulty writing scientific manuscripts. I learned a lot in this course and enjoyed at the same time!
Really very helpful course!! I am glad I took the course! It has immensely helped me in putting my thoughts forward in a better manner!
It was such an amazing course and I learned a lot. I particularly enjoyed how clear the presentations were and all the cool interviews.
Thank you very much to Dr. Sainani and collaborators for this great course about the science writing process and style. Really helpful.
The course is excellent. The lectures are very engaging and the explanations extremely clear. Thanks you very much, Professor Sainani !
It was an important course to have as a post-graduate and i think it provided me with the essentials to start writing research papers.
Amazing course! I learned a lot from Dr. Kristin, she is amazing! She makes science writing interesting and fun, and I love her humor.
This course helped me in my current work as research fellow. Part of my job is to edit scientific papers, and helped me a lot with it.
This course is a must-do for any student. As Prof. Sainani says in her last video, effective communication is vital to modern science.
I could recommend this course to everybody! The exercises and examples are a good way to learn and illustrate how other authors work.
I really enjoyed the course. The modules gave me a new perspective on how to write and present research to engage my target audience.
Very good course. I can learn a lot from this lesson, not only about scientific article writing but also interviews and presentation.
Excellent course! The course was well planned and encompasses several aspects of scientific writing. The professor is very didactic.
This basic course has changed my way of writing and thinking, reinforcing the knowledge I already had and learning many things more.
Through this course, I have learned how to make my scientific communication interesting and attractive, even for a general audience.
I loved this course!I suggest everyone in science to take the courseand Thanks a million for the courseI am grateful for the course
i've just finished the course and i really did benefit from it as this illuminated blind spots i had in reviewing even my writing.
This is one of the few courses I have ever taken where other people noticed a marked difference in my skillset. It was phenomenal!
Great course with a great teacher that clearly understands the subject and is genuinely interested in teaching and helping others.
It's one of the best online courses available on the internet. I look forward to sharing my experiences with Dr. Kristin Sainani.
I learn so much in this course and will definitely apply the many useful tips in my writing and revision. Thank you, Dr. Sainani.
I found the course great, the teacher and the excellent content, the interviews taught me a lot, I totally recommend this course!
Great course for beginning writers or if, like me, English is your second language and you'd like to improve your writing skills.
It is a very useful course and highly recommended to any want to start  in medical writing.Thank you so much Stanford university.
It was a wonderful journey for young scientists which help understand basic rules connecting with writing in science. Thank you!!
A very informative, practical, and easy-to-follow course that I would recommend for everyone involved in any scientific writing.
"Writing in the Sciences" is the best course I have ever done. It contains a lot of useful information and it is very inspiring!
Great course with valuable content. This course will prove to be very useful for me. Dr. Kristin Sainani is an amazing teacher.
Excellent course, my scientific writing has significantly improved since doing this course (even my supervisors have noticed!)
This course has been the most amazing course I ever had because the  professor is brilliant one- I really cannot thank enough.
I enjoy the course instructor lectures and I am stimulated to consider registering for other courses from Stanford University.
I am a graduate student and this course helped me a lot to my writing. I like the presentation style of the professor as well.
It was excellent, I enjoyed every moment of it and I learned many important new hints. Thank you all, wishing you all the best
Incredibile course. There wasn't one lack: it is really helpful to learn to write in every format, and to edit a text. Thanks!
I strongly recommend this course for all science discipline students. Thank you very much for offering this great opportunity.
Loved the course, I wish knew about it before. Thank you for all your work, I truly appreciate your efforts. Thank you again!
The course was worth taking as much as enjoyable- just satisfying. I just learnt more than what i did in my class. Thank you.
Best online course I've ever came accross, i highly recommend you to take it if you are trying to improve your writing skills
This course has improved my writing skills significantly. Thanks to Dr. Kristin Sainani for putting up this wonderful course.
This is simple a fantastic course. It helped me re-learn on how to remove clutter, organize ideas and use grammar creatively.
I found this course extremely helpful. Anyone who wants to write better - in science or otherwise - should join this course.
I like this course so much. This was the first course I finished in coursera.  I found it's so helpful for my Ph.D. program.
It is a well explained, easy to understand, helpful course for beginners. It offers a wide introduction. Very recommendable!
I recommend this course to everyone who are beginning their journey in the field of research. It is totally worth the time!
I learned a lot and it has greatly improved my ability to write. Now I feel confident while writing and editing for others.
For as much as I dislike writing, I thought this course did a great job teaching me what to concentrate on when I do write.
I have learned a lot from this course that will be invaluable in my profession as well as in many areas of life. Thank you.
I've never seen such in my life.
It is very structured and the content is great and very enough to get to a very good level
It was as though I took the course right at Stanford! Really wonderful content. I'm very content with the skills I learnt!
This is a very usefull course, everything I learned here is a practical knowledge to use on my carrer as an investigator.
Thank you so much for this opportunity. I have learned a lot and this will open my door to a new journey as an educator.
This course amazed me! Dr. Kristin Sainani knows how to engage students and teaches didactically. I highly recommend it.
This course teaches fundamentals of writing and a lot of scientific skill which are not normally taught at universities.
This course gave me great writing advice and handy tips to make my job as a scientific editor easier. Highly recommend!
Excellent course, there is a lot to learn here. The course is very engaging and powerful to enhance scientific writing.
Clear & concise course teaching very practical skills of writing essential to all aspiring researchers and scientists.
The course was very beneficial and helpful to improve on areas that need correction while handling scientific writing.
Excellent course! It helped me tremendously improve my writing skills, teaching me how to combine quality and content.
Very clear explanations, to the point and with just the correct amount of repeated exercises to make everything clear.
Besides being a good teacher, the instructor always seemed excited and enthusiastic. This is why I loved this course.
It was a great course and I have definitely learned a lot. I am now much more aware of the clutter in my own writing.
I want to thanks all team that worked for this course happening. It was amazing and I learned a lot! Thank very much.
Not only useful and convenient indications for scientific writing, but also a really interesting and pleasant course.
The whole course was amazing! It's a good way of making you aware as a writer or scientist of what you write and how.
This course does justice to its name. It is a compilation of all the knowledge we need regarding scientific writing.
Its a great course . It guides the researcher to understand the core principal of research which is  writing skills.
Great course for beginners and those who have been conducting research and/or writing scientific articles for years.
Lots of very helpful tips for new science writer. Modules are evenly distributed and well taught by the instructors.
Really helpful tips to get started with many different types of scientific writing. I can only recommend the course!
I benefited a lot from this course. Its delivery is perfect, and to the point. It is also engaging and interactive.
Dr. Sainani is an engaging online instructor. This was my first Coursera MOC, and I'll definitely look into others.
Extremely useful course, engaging, challenging every once in a while. I'm really happy about what I learnt from it.
The course was brilliant! I gained so much useful information that will help to write my master thesis much easier.
I strongly Recommend this course for student and young researcher. Indeed, i am so pleased for Dr. Kristin Sainani.
Amazing and fundamental for professionals looking to improve their skills in writing and scientific dissemination.
Thank you so much for this course! I didn't even know to which extent it will be useful from me when I registered.
Phenomenal course- I learned so much that is directly applicable to my work. I cannot wait to take my next course.
Excellent, well laid out course. simple to follow, useful exercises for practice and great hints by the instructor
This course is so useful and informative. The instructor is amazing, she makes things fun and easy to understand.
The course is very well designed. Praise to the instructor who made things easier for non-English native speaker.
The course teaches concise expression, it's concise by itself as well. Really enjoy it, and I feel fully-charged.
It's a tremendous experience to learn this course; it provided a great help to command scientific writing skills!
This course is really helpful! It helps me identify my writing problems and tells me how to fix them. I love it!
was very helpful for young scientist like me who is about to start writing my own manuscript. Thank you so much!
It was a very useful curse, also very engaging and easy to follow. It was a complete help to improve my writing.
Overall, an excellent course! Many of the skills and tips learned will pay dividends for me in graduate school.
Some great tips on how to improve your writing. I very much enjoyed it and I will be putting much of it to use.
It was a very helpful for structuring, writing and editing a paper and It has lots of examples and assignments.
very helpful with an excellent explanation highly recommended for everyone want to start in scientific writing
Best course ever. Help IMG with English writing and scientific writing. Will definitely recommend this course!
Extremely useful for active practitioners ‘ feeling bad not to join much earlier ‘ thanks to Kristina and team
I LOVED the course. Every single class is important! I learned a lot from the first class until the last one.
great course. it improved my writing skills, and the professor is very well spoken and straight to the point.
Everything was realy good and I love this course. Thank you my lovely structure Kristin Sainani and Coursera.
very good and very helpful. Although it used examples most in Med., the general principles work for all scien
I learned a lot and improved my writing skills. It was fun to review others and get good feedback from them.
It has been a wonderful experience for me to take this course. I am now more confident in writing than ever.
The lessons are organized in a way that is easy to learn. The lesson objectives are clear and easy to grasp.
A great course! I feel like it will be a fantastic resource to revisit as a refresher in the future as well.
Nice organization, it is really easy to follow. I have learned a lot and feel more confident in my writing.
It is really a great course for research scholars. Dr Kristin has explained all the concepts so beautifully
Good content described from videos, some a little extensive, but very good examples and feedback. Thanks!!!
Teacher was very engaging and explained everything in a simplified manner. I thoroughly enjoyed the course.
Excellent writing exercises.  Easy to understand writing concepts.  Helpful theoretically and practically.
This course is very well designed. I recommend it to all who wish to pursue a scientific career in future.
it was a helpful course with great tips on writing in science that you can apply on other writing courses.
It is the best for any Undergraduate student looking forward towards Research Like a sub-part of Research!
I am loving this course. Highly productive course. Thank you Stanford and Coursera for making it possible.
I enjoyed the interactive aspects of this course. Writing letters of recommendation was useful to include.
I really enjoyed this course. Content was new. It was the right amount of weekly load. Highly recommended.
nice, if the material is less biology-oriented, make it general science and engineering,it would be great!
Thank you very much for all this help, wouldn't have imagined that this course would interest me so much!
I wish I had been taught a course like this one during my academic formation. I absolutely recommend it!!
Coursera made learning so much fun. It helps to learn all the requires skills. Education is hapiness here
Excellent, relevant content presented in easily digestible, understandable, and unintimidating segments.
This is by far the best educational experience I have ever had in my life. Thank you so much Dr Sainani!
I learnt a lot during this course, and I think I'll keep some videos to see it again later in my carrer.
This is such an amazing course! It has helped me greately in improving my skills with technical wirting.
Extremely helpful course. Every researcher whose native language is not English should take this course.
All you need to know about scientific research. Writing about science, and publishing for lay audience.
This course is very helpful for beginner scientific writer. The instructor is very clear and organized.
This course contains advice that is useful for all writers and editors, not just those in the sciences.
This is a very useful course, it helped me to know how to write scientifically correct and edit papers
Great course! I really enjoyed the videos and the unique take the professor had on the subject matter.
Very useful for my line of work - medical translating, editing, proofreading, back translations, etc.
A detailed approach to writing in the sciences. Great learnings. Thanks, Dr Kristin for your insight.
It was very informative and helpful. All the tasks were well planned and carefully placed. Thank you.
I recommend this course to everyone for the improvement of their understanding of writing in Sciences
Excellent course! I wish I completed this course before I made any of the papers I made as a student.
The content is well adapted for student who wants to improve their skills in scientific productions.
Great course! My scientific writing will never be mundane again. I've learnt a lot practical skills.
This course has a lot of great information for all sorts of writing.  I wish I had found it earlier!
Great beginner course! I would love to have a more in-depth, intermediate course to build on skills.
Extremely useful course. My thought process while writing a scientific text has definitely improved
Excellent course, knowledgeable instructor. Learned a lot about writing and thinking about science!
Very useful course for everyone in academia, the instructor is very knowledgeable and great teacher
So far so easy to understand and follow. English is not even my mother tongue, so I'll try my best.
very good course for both beginners and experts with very informative modules and clever instructor
Very useful to me as a DNP student, especially the first several sessions, as I write my proposal.
This course must be made compulsory for anyone who want to pursue career in research and academia.
This course was good and a great refresher for someone who has been out of the field for sometime.
This course was excellent and explain all important information that needed in writing in science.
It's been an excellent experience going through this course. Absolutely loved it and learnt alot.
It is amazing course and must for everyone who want to start, improve on his scientific writings.
Excellent! Very well organizes. I recommend this course to every student, postdoc in the academy.
This course was very interesting and full of great tips. it really helped me write better! thanks
Incredibly informative and concise. The tools and guidance from this course will help my writing.
Loved this course. It really helped me with my scientific writing and I definitely recommend it!
This course made me a better writer and will make my academic studies easier and more effective.
Excellent course with elaborate explanations on the different concepts involving a good writing.
It's a wonderful course with great examples and very useful for practical application! Thank you
This course was really good, and learnt a lot of useful skills I can use in my science writing.
This course was extremely helpful to me. I enjoyed it, Dr. Kristine Sainani is a great teacher.
This course takes you through the basics and tell you everything about writing in the sciences.
Very useful, thorough and practical. Excellent revision tools and learning material. Thank you.
This course was informative and geared towards the writing requirements of a doctoral student.
I found the course very helpful in learning how to convey scientific writing more effectively.
A fantastic course! Lots of valuable information for academic writing! I enjoyed it very much!
A good review of scientific writing! It changed the way I think about many writing objectives!
I am so grateful for knowing about this course in my first year of Ph.D, a well deserved 5/5.
An excellent course!! It takes the learner for the basics to more advanced topics of writing.
Really Awesome Experience and truly useful for every science student those are pursuing Ph.D.
It is a very interesting course, I would strongly recommend it as you will learn many things.
This course is great to challenge yourself. Thank you coursera for such a wonderful platform.
Great course! The professor is absolutely awesome and the learning process is very enjoyable.
Excellent, I learned a lot and I know it will be useful for me, thanks for all the knowledge.
Perfect course.  Particularly for those who are struggling to improve their academic writing.
Excellent! I highly recommend it to anyone who would like to improve his/her writing skills.
I am cutting the clatter and getting straight to the point. An excellent course! Just do it!
Excellent course. Very well structured. Kristin Sainini is an excellent speaker and teacher.
Fantastic course greatly helped me in many areas where I found academic writing challenging.
It is an excellent course, good structure, very practical, exceptional teacher, very useful!
One of the best courses I've taken in my life! I wish I have taken this course much earlier!
Excellent Comprehensive Writing Course - great for those new as well as those need a review!
Wonderful course! I have published 14 manuscripts and still learned a lot with this course.
One of the best courses. Easy to follow. More importantly able to implement it in practice.
Highly recommended! really well organized and gave me practical tools to improve my writing
Excellent course, I really enjoyed it and I am sure it will be very useful in my practice.
Very usefull course. The best way to practise your english an learn how to write properly.
Exceptional Course which help me to improve my writing. Instructor is awesome in teaching.
One of the most helpful course I've learnt so far. Thank you so much, Dr. Kristin Sainani!
I loved this! Felt engaged, the instruction was spot on for content, speed, and approach.
I have learned so much, the lessons have changed the way I write. Thanks for this course!
A very good and thorough course. The course is very helpful with many practice questions.
Amazing course! Great tips for writing, even more if you're not a native english speaker!
I've always struggled with writing but this course has help me more than I could imagine!
This is a really complete course for writing scientific papers. I´d higly recommend it !!
Excellent course,very effectively  executed  and meticulously planned . Congratulations!
A very engaging course, quite practical , requires steady focus but all in all, awesome!
This course is very helpful and informative. thank you very much for making this course.
was amazing, it´s my first course and i really aprecciate all that standfor teach me!!!
Very informative course. I'm able to write and better comprehend scientific literature.
Excelente course, I just love the entusiasm in the videos. The difficult its very good.
Very helpful. I wold recommend for anyone interested in improving their writing skills.
Very practical and down to the point. I'll certainly use all this in my future writing.
This course showed me many things I had not known before and also improved my writing.
well- informed , I learn lots of useful things that I hope use it in my future career
This course has taught me more than any technical writing course at college ever has.
Excellent course - effective videos with clear message and lots of practice examples.
Such an informative course that totally shifted my understanding of academic writing.
I felt that this class provided helpful information and improved my writing ability.
Excellent class to learn how approaches to shaping and improving scientific writing!
Great course to learn writing skills, I found lot so improvement in myself.Thank you
The course was comprehensive.I have an overview of professional scientific writing.
I enjoyed the class!Wish I had something like this when I was in school. Thank you!
excellent course for budding scientists, kristin sainani such an amazing instructor
They/them are acceptable gender-neutral pronouns.  (I use they/them as my pronouns)
Excellent course, Professor Sainani, and the content are great. Highly recommended.
It was wonderful, the teacher is fantastic and I have learnt a lot! I recommend it.
Amazing course! Highly recommended to whoever is interested in biomedical research.
Great course. Very well organized. They covered all the relevant topics. Thank you.
This course provides many useful knowledge (also tips) to write a scientific paper.
This is an excellent course indeed. I would recommend this course to my classmates.
It was beyond my expectation! It should be recommended for every medical students.
Good course with detailed instruction videos and homework assignmnet for practise.
I thinks, the week 7 and 8 are not very usefull but the first 6 weeks are awsome.
A well structured course with plentiful help in writing especially for beginners.
This course gives practical suggestions on how to write good scientific articles.
Great introductory course on writing in the sciences. I've enjoyed it quite alot.
I'm grateful to Dr.Sinani for this incredible course.I recommend it for everyone.
It is a very complete course, with a lot of information you will put in practice!
This is an amazing course and has helped me a lot to carry out effective writing.
A fabulous course covering a wide array of topics relevant to scientific writing.
Very helpful and full of treasures. I appreciate your great work Kristin Sainani.
So much clearer to understand than what I have been taught at the Uni.  Thank you
I love this course and wish I would have taken it before written my first paper.
Excellent course! I recommend this course to every researcher who fears writing.
Fully recommended to anyone planning to improve their scientific writing skills!
Excellent course Helped shed light on areas I could improve on in essay writing.
The best course for beginners. Published my first article thanks to this course.
Excellent course, highly recommended for people starting their Masters and PhDs.
really great scientific writing course! I like the peer review system the most.
Very skilled and professional speaker. Inspirational and passionate scientist.
This course has taught me a lot about writing. It has been a great experience.
This course has opened my eyes on many things I take for granted in my writing
It was very useful and information dense course! I am really happy I found it.
This  is an excellent course . I recommend it all science students and faculty
This helped a lot in improving my writing skills for medical research writing
I love this course.It has helped me a lot with my writing and reading skills.
its a great course, and i think it will help me reach my goals in the future
It is very useful course for graduate, post graduate, and research scholars.
Excellent course, it's really useful for both junior and senior scientists!!
Not only shows about writing a paper for a journal, but to lay audience too.
one of the well structured and detailed course on this area i have ever seen
It is an awesome course and it helped my academic writing and comprehension.
how to Writing in the Sciences and learn something that improve my writing .
Very informative. I have learned many new techniques in just the first week.
This course helped me to improve my writing skills in science. It was great!
Very nice course! Material is well prepared and motivates to keep learning.
It was a fantastic course and covers almost all areas of effective writing.
Amazing course. I learned a lot even though I am already publishing papers.
Dear Kristina Sainani!

Very talented )) TYVMBest Regards, Lapina Margarita
Excellent learning and practical tips, essential to science communication.
Best of the best course I have ever taken in Coursera. Thanks instructors!
This is an excellent course. Strongly recommended for serious researchers!
Thank you very much for this course, it hs helped a lot. 100% recommended.
Very useful , efficient , easy to understand and with nice presentations .
It gives a very good guidance on writing wonderful scientific documents .
Excellent course; although English is my home language, I learnt so much!
Excellent course!! Difficult to explain how much beneficial it could be!!
Very good course, loved the peer reviews! It really improved my writing.
I great staring to learn systematically the arena of scientific writing.
It was a great learning experience. Instructor was also very competent .
Awesome course to learn all the essential skills for scientific writing.
This course was really useful and the teacher explains things very good.
This course has really helped me write clearly and concisely. Thank you!
An absolute useful course for everyone who's writing (or aspiring to be)
A great course by Stanford's Kristen Sainani. Must-do for any scientist!
amazing course,it  helped me publish in JTO .I will be forever thankful
The teacher is amazing and I really loved all the basics taught by her.
Best course I could ever take to improve my Medical writing! Thank you!
A very useful course for postgraduate students trying to get published!
Wonderful course. It covers all the points related to creative writing.
Great adventure with writing. I feel more confident to publish my work.
The material is excellent to learn and improve our writing techniques.
An extremely helpful course for newbies as well as experienced people.
I learned useful skills that I will be able to implement in my career.
Very useful and well designed. The teacher is very pleasant and clear.
I adored this course. It is very well structured and full of examples!
It was really useful. It helped me a lot. I absolutely recommend this.
It was a very informative and helpful course!Thank you!-Regards,Rubina
Great course that has helped me learn a lot about my writing style and
Fantastic course; really happy that Prof. Sainani is back on Coursera!
I learned so much about all the mistakes I've been making in writing!
Very informative course. The quiz and assignments are well designed.
Very helpful. Especially for those who are science writing beginner.
This is definitely one of the best course I've ever taken Thanks!!!!
As a beginner in scientific writing I find this course very helpful.
It's very helpful for the person who wants to do scientific writing.
Fantastic course for everyone who wants to write like professionals!
Excellent course for those who are beginning their research career.
Absolutely excellent. I have learnt so much throughout this course.
From this course, I have learned to write science in a  better way.
thank you i learned very intressting thing about writing in siences
An enjoyable, well presented, course with lots of relevant content.
Extremely helpful lessons with challenging assignments every course
Amazing course, it provides great tools useful for everyday writing
You are a wonderfully amazing teacher. I can not thank you enough.
Helpful information presented in a clear and user-friendly manner.
Good and complied very well, new scientists must take this course.
The course is very useful, interesting and the professor is great!
A practical course I believe that I will re-study again and again
This is an excellent course and well worth the time!  Thank you!
Amazing course!! It really changed my writing process and style.
Great course. Very useful for a person working in science field.
The best course that I have taken on using scientific literature
This course is a must for science researchers, very informative.
Super course and i learn lot of thinks regarding writing science
Great comprehensive course about scientific writing, very useful
Wonderful course. Recommended for every researcher and student.
Useful course, especially for students in biology and medicine.
Grear job by Stanford University specially Dr. Kristin Sainani.
Excellent tool for newbie science graduates and experts alike!
A great course that covers many aspects of scientific writing.
Very useful for people interested in scientific paper writing!
I highly recommend this course for academics and grad students
Really very well taught and helpful for all levels of writers!
This is the best course ever!!! I learnt a lot! Don't miss it!
Reading and writing will never be the same again - Thank you!
Great course Very well explained and many practical exercices
A must have course for all the young docile-tyro scientists!!
Excellent course for writing. Professor Kristin is the best.
Brilliant. The instructor and the course content is awesome.
Wonderful! I'm learning so much already with just two weeks.
This course will help me when i'm writing my thesis, thanks.
This is an excellent course, I have learned a lot with this!
I had a great time doing this course, excellent and concise
Very well-structured course. A must-have for any scientist.
learning from scratch by an easy but really informative way
Easy-to-follow and provide good framework to write a paper.
Very usefull with a good combination of theory and practice
Best writing course I have ever done, so easy to listen to
thanks so much dr. christine I learned much in this course
Really enjoyed the course. Great and enthusiastic teacher.
Thank you so much for this course. I really learned a lot
Very Interesting and helpful. Unit 8 is difficult for me.
very good. I think every student should learn this course
Very good course to learh how to write scientific papers.
Excellent review for a an early career academic physician
Very useful course, I feel like my writing has improved.
Give different aspect of writings in science, its great.
This class was really high quality, completely worth it.
loved this course! I felt it really improved my writing.
Excellent course! Very useful and practical information.
Great course that provides insight on scientific writing
A great course with very useful tips and fun assignments
I am very happy to learn new things, thanks to Coursera
Fantastic course and a super support system. Thank you!
Very helpful with exploring different areas of writing.
Great course! I learned a lot about scientific writing.
It's really helpful, especially for college students :)
I learned a lot and thank for making this course free!
Excellent teacher and material, very inspiring course!
Very well explained. Simplified the manuscript writing
The best course I have seen for teaching how to write.
Great course for those starting in scientific writing!
Perfectly designed course for all researchers. Thanks
Great tools for scientific or other types of writing.
I really enjoyed the course and learnt a lot from it.
i managed to learn a lot from this course for writing
Enjoyably challenging, informative and comprehensive!
good one for those interested in research and writing
This is the best online course that I have followed.
This was a great course to refine my writing skills.
I liked the way of teaching that makes learning easy
This course was very helpful with my writing skills.
This course is very effective for new science writer
Everything one needs to know for writing an article.
This is an excellent course. I highly recommend it.
Very good a helpful content. I rely recommended it.
By far the best writing course, eternally grateful!
Excellent course! Very didactic, highly recommended
excellent course, worth every minute I spent in it.
It is good to improve our writing skill .thank you
very helpful i course. really highly recommended .
Excellent course, I learned and enjoyed it so much
Thank you, this was a great course. Very helpful!
Excellent tips summary to enhance writing skills!
I have enjoyed this course with professor Sainani
This is one of the best course I have ever had.
It's very good, interesting and you learn a lot
Thank you, very good clues to research writing.
Very well done. Very professional and engaging.
Excellent course!!! Was really helpful. Thanks!
nice course. Has a very good coverage of topics
Excellent course! Thank you Dr. Kristin ma'am.
The course was better than ı expected, thanks.
Excellent! Learned so much!! Highly recommend!
This course is just what the doctor prescribed
This course is a must for every Phd-Candidate.
The best course in writing. Thank you so much!
Course Content is up to the mark and updated.
It is really valuable and informative course.
Great course!! I learned so much. Thank you.
A comprehensive course, covering everything.
I liked the course very much. Learned a lot.
Great course, a must for academic writers :)
A very useful and interesting course. Enjoy!
It was great gratitude for your ardent work.
Very practical, flexible and understandable!
The best course on "science writing" so far.
Great course! Concise and very well-pointed.
Great course! It was really really helpful!
Really great course, thank you Dr. Sainani!
Can we something more on technical writing.
very in detailed and easy to learn format.
This class is awesome. Highly recommended.
it really helped me with my master thesis!
Brilliant course....I enjoyed it very much
Exceptional courses with superb professor!
Excellent course.  I highly recommend it!!
Very much valuable course, learned a lot.
very good course and i enjoyed it alot <3
Excellent course - I highly recommend it!
It really helps you improve very quickly.
I enjoyed and learned something essential
thank you, that is a very useful course .
Amazing course and outstanding instructor
It was exceptional and brilliant course.
Deep and thoughtful!! Highly recommended
The course is simply perfect and useful.
One of the best courses I've had online.
Excellent course and an amazing teacher.
I think this course will help me in writ
Extremely helpful for scientific writers
excellent material ...excellent teaching
It was an excellent course, very useful.
Amazing course and excellent instructor
A great course to learn science writing
Very informative and insightful course.
A very nice course for all researchers.
An excellent course, Highly recommended
Well help to improve my writing skills.
The best I have studied on the subject.
Hope it will be helpful after I finish!
extraordinarily simple yet informative
I learnt so much in less than 8 weeks.
one of the best experiences in my life
Great course from a passionate person!
Awesome course. Very well structured.
Very good course and amazing teacher.
A very useful course. Learned a lot.
Very helpful and fun to learn with!!
life changing for my academic career
very thanks to Dr. Kristin Sainani😀
Thank you for an informative course.
Excellent stuff across whole course.
Informative and well-planned course.
This course inspires me a great lot!
Great teacher, very helpful course!
Very helpful in scholarly writing!!
Really, Extremely Recommeded course
Splendid! Loved the way she taught!
She knows what she's doing, period.
Very enlightening and informative.
Thanks a lot for excellent course!
IT WAS INFORMATIVE AND INTERESTING
Very useful. I have learned a lot.
It's amazing. I'm learning a lot!!
Very useful and well organized!!!
The must-have for any researcher.
Thanks for the Dr for this course
Very useful coming with new idea.
Awesome course, 100% recommended!
Thank you for such a great course
The best course I've ever taken.
Excellent course, very organised
Excellent! I have learned a lot!
Excellent writing class! Thanks
very comprehensive, thank you
I loved it and learned a lot.
Great and interesting course!
I have learned a lot. Thanks.
I really enjoyed this course.
Perfect. Really helpful text.
Very dinamic, fun and usefull
great writing course to take.
This course transformed by w
simple, creative and worthy.
The instructor is excellent.
I enjoyed doing this course.
This course is invaluable!!!
It's a great writing course!
I really enjoyed this class.
It was an excellent course.
it's very useful, thank you
a single word: worthwhile!
Great teacher!! Thank you!
This course is exceptional
Very practical and useful.
Extremely helpful course!
Really easy going course!
Fantastic skilll resource
Highly recommended course
It is a excellent course.
Worth taking this course!
it's just amazing course!
Great teacher! Loved it.
perfect and professional
helpful and professional
This course is so useful
very informative course.
Thank you for your work!
It was the best of best!
One of the best courses.
easy to follow and clear
she is a good instructor
learnt a lot!thank you.
I strongly recommend it
This is the best course
Really helpful course!
The best course  date.
it was very practical
It is really helpful.
Wonderful! Thank you!
The best course I've
Fantastic teacher!!!
Worth every minute!
Outstanding course!
It was very helpful
FANTASTIC COURSE!!
Much recommended.
Extremely useful!
Wonderful class!
it is a good one
extremely great~
Awesome Course!!
really helpful.
Nice course for
Very helpful .
Very thorough!
Necessary!!!!
Very helpful!
I loved it!!
Thanks alot
Addictive!
Brilliant
