The course is translated from French to English. Unfortunately the translation is extremely poor. There are 5 lines sentences with no full stop.... Besides the poor translation, the content is very repetitive, lacks references, and not updated. The text is more like mumbling rather than an academic text. I wouldn't recommend this course as it's a waste of money and time. Instead I recommend the course provider to improve the quality of the content they offer.
I learned a lot from the course however there was a lot of repetition, English translations were not of a good quality, there was not a variety of interactive ways to learn so it at points became quite tedious. I did enjoy the content, I just felt the presentation was severely lacking and wouldn't recommend this as a beginner level course.
There are no updates in this course and no references to the literature. The videos are in French, without English subs. The content is interesting though,
The course is not up date with current developments on the matter. As it is an international relations course, it should be regularly improved and developed. No information is given on when was it recorded/published.Some materials are repetitive.Tests are too easy.
Interesting content, though in a field like migration having few references that are more recent than 2015 is slightly disappointing! Overall, would recommend for a broad understanding of the foundations of this field of study.
as coarsely absolutely no sense. There were no tests or assignments, it was in English but the professor who presented it spoke French! What was the point of this course?
The course content was good, seemed curated and simplified for all learners, it's easily accessible to most. However, the assessment could be more meaningful and challenging to actually make learners think critically about the issue of global migration. The course could benefit from implementing more interactive tools other than multiple choice assessments based on mere memory and a forum. Overall, I would recommend! Just make sure you are an autonomous learner and create your own tasks to make the learning meaningful.
Certainly, this is an interesting historical course on global aspects of international migration.  unfortunately it doesnt take into account any changes in migration policy and dynamics post Arab spring nor 2015 migratory crisis. Globally and regionally the landscape of international migration change dramatically with total policy shift in Europe and new Global compacts on migration and asylum. Hence the course is outdated and last 2-3 weeks of course shall be changed
extremely helpful and relevant to what I am currently pursuing. but the only suggestion would be that, given the fact that I am a student who has not learnt French, it would be helpful if the audio was in english too so that I can understand the authenticity and complexity of the issue better.
I found that the course hammered away at the same perspective without offering alternative views, or even examining the reasons why governments try to control migration. However, as far as a learning modality, I found it accessible, practical and user-friendly.
Outdated but interesting nonetheless.
The course is a good course of beginners and explains well migration issues overall. Unfortunately it lacks updates and there are no mentioning of what happens in the world of migration after 2016. This is a pity. But definetely I would recommend these courses for beginners.
I believe some subjects must be revised and updated since I think this course began in 2016 and a lot has changed. But besides that I love course, and I learned so much and the subjects are really deep into the history, reasons and consequences of migrations.
I found the course really relevant in uncertain time like the ones we're living in with the coronavirus crisis. However, I think that it was too focused on european migrants and didn't reflect the complete and global process.
Extremely informative, and inspiring. Would definitely recommend to anyone wishing to gain an interdisciplinary subject approach to international migrations through economics, history, politics, and law.
Just almost finished Week 1 and it seems like an interesting and relevant course. However, should be more clearly stated that you cannot complete the graded items without purchasing the certificate.
Highly instrucive on the international migration issues and a very good base on understanding the challenges that lies ahead. Thank you !
I enjoyed the course but it was a little bit slow and I would want it to have subtitles in Spanish as well.
It is an amazing course to know about the all process and history about migration
While the course is not primarily in English, I enjoyed it a lot. Thank you
very detailed and interesting information
Very informative course! Loved it.
Interesting Enough.
I really enjoyed this course because helped me to understand better the Global Migration Phenomena as a result of Globalization and other factors, but specially how migration and development have a both side relationship. The course give you the global vision of the problem and if you are interested in starting learning about this theme I really recommend it to you.
It was a privilege to follow this course taught  by a real expert in the subject. I realize that  my knowledge on the subject of global migrations increased considerably.
very interesting and with a lot of information about the topic.
Course with interesting content. The first few weeks are a more globally-focused, but then on it takes a strong European focus. Videos are in French and are clear, and English subtitles are available for non-French speakers. I found the tests a bit too easy though.
It was an amazing class, with a clear idea and developed in small sub-topics, that together help you understand, based on the past, what global migration means nowadays not only for developed countries but also to underdeveloped countries.
The course is quite enriching and student friendly to complete.  Students shall be able to gather enormous amount of knowledge from this course. It would have been great if input of other eminent personalities were also available.
I enjoyed the short videos followed by the readings, which helped fill in the gaps to certain things said in the videos. Very easy to follow and a great class to take if you're interested in migration issues!
After learning and getting deep insight knowledge from an excellent faculty of Sciences Po, Paris, I have learnt a lot about International Migrations and consequences and factors related to it. Thank you!
My work experience and career in somehow to linked with migration activity, therefore  it was good to gain structured information and deepen knowledge on migration and its interrelation with development.
A great introduction to the migration complex situation. It will help me a lot to improve my skills and knowledge in my duties at work. I am looking forward for more courses like this one.
Overall, the course is interesting and I liked it. But, unfortunately, the lectures are in French with English subtitles, which somewhat reduces the perception of the material.
International migrations: a global issue is a time demanded course for the population movement operations front line worker for better approach to reach the beneficiaries.
I saw the question "how can I start to study for migration topic?" asked by lots of students. I was also curious about the answer and found it in this excellent course!
I found this course really intresting and complete. The migration issue is explain in the proper way and I think it can help me to improve my university carrer.
Thank you for a job well done by the instructor and cousera.I look forward to more courses on related subject, preferably with credits.Merci!
Very insightful and rich in content. Learnt a great deal about migration in the 21st Century world with all its attendant information.
Although the primary focus is European, there are many things that I learned. I enjoyed this course thank you.
Really one of the best courses I've done online! Well structured and with lots of informational material!
The course it truly very informative and valuable for learners interested in international migrations.
It's an easy way to refresh basics in International Migration and to learn more of the European side.
it's good experience and new recognition for me
Excellent information and learning materials!
thank you for the knowledge
Prestigious learning !
Really Good :D
