The course is out of touch with reality and systematically underplays the Paris Agreement, progress of renewable energy and EU emissions mitigation, says absolutely nothing about climate science. At times the attitude is down right hostile and disgusting. Will share these observations widely. We are in a climate emergency and need to do everything we can. When I was taking this course, my city is going through severe flooding and the country is in yellow alert stage due to abnormal thunder storms. You should be ashamed of yourself for pushing this garbage.
Its a hard course, and u may only take the quizzes twice every week.
The content is ok but the course is messy and badly produced. Lots of links to go to Youtube videos and the accents are a bit too strong to understand sometimes. The graphics in the videos sometimes are barely eligible.
The pace is slow and the tone is unenthusiastic and backward looking. The content is generally sound but could do with freshening, particularly with respect to oil markets and OPEC/Russia vs American shale, solar's downward cost curve and energy storage developments. Incentives for renewables (feed-in tariffs etc) are not covered. There are better International Energy modules on Coursera than this one.
The course was very interesting. And as i completed the Certificate of Energy & Finance from HEC in 2015, It was what i needed as a refresh of information. However, all the data in the course is dated from 2014. Since then, the energy landscape changed and i was expected a better overview on this. I was expecting an update to date or at least late 2016 early 2017. The scope is very good, but the information needs to be more up to dateThank you
This course provides an acceptable beginners introduction to a broad range of energy issues. The lectures given by Professor Giacomo Luciani are interesting, as are most of the interviews with other experts.The content on oil, gas and EU energy policies are okay for a beginner-level course.  However the topics on renewable energy and nuclear seem to be under-developed and could have been better. Overall, much of the material is based pre-2014 data and needs to be updated in order for the course to continue being relevant.About 50% of the course material comes from external public domain sources like YouTube and Vimeo, with most of them being rather short and superficial. There are several broken links and a few videos are available only in French with no subtitles.Long-standing comments on the forums regarding issues with the content and assessments do not appear to have been addressed.
The course teaches some very useful lessons in economic conservation. You'll learn a lot, and you will think critically.Fundamentally, though, it has flaws. Some videos (esp. in Weeks 2 and 3) are extremely long and hard to follow. In addition, you cannot review wrong answers on quizzes. While I understand that it prevents cheating before one passes, it also means you cannot find out what answers you missed after passing. Finally, some of the quizzes have very few attempts per time period (128 hours is too long to wait, in my opinion).
This is a very good course to grasp the fundamentals of the various forms of energy.
Admin detail: one week between exam-taking after two fails makes no practical sense and is detrimental to the timely completion of the course.
The course would also benefit from an actualization, with more analysis of recent economic & political trends:
- Oil market has historically been cyclical. Need an analysis of past cycles, and a fresh view on whether the current slump is part of a similar cycle, or a new era?
- America's insistence on energy independence, how/why Europe views independence differently, how China/India view their own?
- Current Middle-East politics Iraq-Iran-Saudi-Qatar, historical and current role of Saudi Arabia in the OPEC cartel, and the reality and dynamics of spare capacity within OPEC
Students should come out of this course with their own view of whether this is the last leg of the fossil fuel race (as hinted by Prof. Lucciani in the COP21 video), or just another bend.
Interesting insights but terribly uncritical. Nonetheless extremely useful for anyone who seeks to better understanding the geopolitcal and economic considerations at play in the production and distribution of energy (from a mainstream neoliberal perspective).
Course has good breadth and structure, exploring the economic and political side of international energy, however it would be good if a basic technical understanding of energy is incorporated.Some material is rather outdated / inaccessible
The knowledge is abundant, but the assignment feedback is very poor from which it only shows me the score without any indication on the correct and wrong answers. Besides, the pending period for repeating a test is too long.
I think the administrators should also give complementary readings instead of lecture videos only.Having a reference book or a journal would help a lot.
Week 8 test has inaccurate scoring issue. Please look into. I will purchase to get certified once this issue is solved.
Need some updates
It could have been less focused on the energy policies of the countries of the Europe and European union.
I enjoyed the course and I enjoyed Prof. Luciani and his guests. I much appreciate the efforts of Science Po to create this MOOC. The quiz assessments at the end of each week are also helpful however some I suggest that each quiz notably for the week on oil and the week 8 be revised in terms of their pertinence and accuracy, it seems to me that some questions are ill formulated or do not make sense. It would be good to correct these in order to warrant for a full 5 star course!
Content is very good, although in a very introductory level.Quizzies are veryyyy bad. Questions aren’t clear enough, and could be easily fixed.
Very good course.I recommend it if you want a full introductory to all sources of energy.I came here because i wanted to learn more about solar and wind energy but i ended up liking more the classes about oil and gas (very fascinating) .Also i liked that at the end of each week the prof had interviews with professionals,this gives you a different view on the topics, less academic but more practical. Very good prof i liked him, good english and when he talks somehow you know that he knows,liked his energy.I could say that i rated it 4 stars and not 5 because you wont learn something too practical that you can lets say use it on your job right away, but i do not think that actually such a course exists on this field.Generally you take a very good peak of how the world of energy moves.(note that the course is 6 years ago)Thank you for this course.
The course is very helpful for those who wish to learn the Energy scenarios across the globe. The current push towards renewables and the challenges it faces from the conventional sources of energy can be understood quite well. The constrains of Gas energy and the impediments for Nuclear energy is also well explained. The connect of energy demand & supply with Politics i.e. the Geopolitics of energy, has given a new dimension to learning about energy.The course however may be updated with recent updates across the globe.I would like to sincerely Thank Prof Giacomo Luciani for this course.
It really helped me to gain wider perspective in terms of environmental approach. Because as an environmental engineer I only studied how to improve a situation or what's harmful to the environment. Although I started to this course to understand oil products, I found more than that in terms of comprehensive approach for both environment, political, economic and social aspects. The course is beginner level but the more you digging than given resources, the more can be achieved. As a cons, it took longer than I expected.
The course is rich in knowledge, allowing to understand all aspects of international energy issues. The lectures are informative and introduce all relevant concepts. However some weeks have been oversaturated with the amount of content. Also not all the exteral links were available (revision would be useful). However, overall I am glad that I've taken this couse. I've certainly enriched my knowledge on the topic of international energy.
Great course! In the oil section, I would have liked a little more insight into heavy oil (which is abundant in Venezuela for instance) and 'sweet' low-sulfur oil which is used to make Diesel and the implication this has for a particular country. Why this concern? Because we always talk about oil abundant countries but we often neglect that there are different types of oil which can have very different implications ...
Very informative and well-explained by the professor. However, there were several resources that were not available (broken links, restricted data), as well as resources that were outdated. It would have been a lot more relevant if the course materials were up to date. Nevertheless, a good course that taught me a lot! The interviews were quite insightful. Thanks to the team who put this MOOC together.
Great course! This is recommended for anyone who is looking for courses on energy. This course includes information from oil, natural gas, renewable energy, and nuclear energy. Certain information and data the course provides is outdated; however, this course provides a thorough understanding and additional videos and documents for anyone who is looking for more detailed analysis.
Good introduction to the Energy World and its main pillars. More focused is given on fossil fuels overview which are well explained, and also are the ones more impacting the geopolitics balances. The renewables section could be expanded to explain better the economics. Overall a very good general course and I thanks Professor and Science Po for having it available.
Hello,This course is very interesting and content are very usefull.As improvement points I would like to mention:1-Some videos are not anymore available 2- A general update is necessary to take into account the last years big chances and evolutions on the energy politics and economics dur to the stabilization of oil price notably and all its impacts.
I loved it, the only thing is that it would be awesome that they explain deeper the politics of petroleum. The impact of OPEC and an interesting fact is that countries do not say that their oil reserves increase because it would cause a diminish on the oil prices and so on. Great course, thanks Giacomo!
Very interesting insight into geopolitics of energy. It would be nice to see a more heavy focus on the application of economic theory - however, given that this is just an introduction, it did well to wet my appetite to continue researching global energy economics and politics further.
Definitely, it needs to be outdated. There is a lot of relevant events that have happened (or have not happened I would say) since COP21 that are crucial for the energy discussion. Notwithstanding it is a very complete, detailed, well referenced and neutral course. 100% recommended.
An excellent introduction to the subjects. Perhaps the emphasis on Europe is high in proportion to the rest of the world. Little information about developing countries. More extra readings and references would be appreciated. Some of the link to video resources no longer work.
Overall a good introduction to the current state of global energy supply and demand. It covers basic information about the controversy of nuclear vs renewables though personally I would have liked a little more detail on this point
Excellent introduction to the issue.  The only thing I miss is a chapter on the challenges that face developing countries to give their populations access to reliable and preferably non-carbon dependent energy sources
A good intro into global political aspects linked to the energy sector.Enjoyed the diverse topics covered and the scope of study. Exams were a good assessment tool too
This course gives me good insight about politics and economics of international energy. It would be better if this course is updated with current updates.
Great course to master the energy issues of modern societies, thank you for the quality of the videos. 4 stars only : too many broken link on lectures.
It has really helped me understand the energy dynamics. thank you. Giving a 4 star because the data is sometimes old and needs to be upgraded.
Great view of the energy environment and policies, would like to have some more updated information (2014/2015 oil prices drop for example)
An excellent overview about the complex issues of international energy, its economic and geopolitical implications. I highly recommend it.
Some of the videos were not accessible, I think the support materials require an update however over all it is a good course
A very informative and concise course that gave a very basic idea on what is going on in the Energy industry today.
Very interesting course. Would like to see a new chapter on Hydrogen if possible in the forthcoming edition.
Overall very good course, however, more would have been gained by being able to see feedback on the quizzes.
Excellent overview of the different sources of energy including the various policy implications!
The course might need to be updated on certain points but it is very clear overall.
A bit outdated and lacking in depth in the political analysis but still useful
Great course, although at times it was a bit more technical than political.
Very good course even if some internet links are updated or not working.
Great course, but can be somewhat dry at times. Yet, highly recommended!
Very good for general understanding. Information is a little bit old.
THE COURSE CONTENT IS WELL BALANCED TO GET A PROPER UNDERSTANDING .
Very good statistics and graphs to have an overall idea
Great introduction to the field of Energy Studies!
Much appreciated course, but it should be updated.
It's very interesting, but it needs to be updated.
Very good introduction to global energy situation.
static information is too old. it must be updated
It is not actualized to the current conditions.
Very useful but need updating a little.
best course for beginneer
It si really good
Professor Giacomo LUCIANI is very knowledgeable in this field and he has ability to present the topics in an easy and  understandable way. We learnt this course with full understanding of the course content.The course content is very good. It covers the basic topics that one should know about the issue so that they can use it being the stepping stone to search for deeper and specific relevant information/knowledge.Thank you very much for your contribution.
This course gave me a better understanding on Geopolitics of Energy and a clear view of the energy trends with regards to oil, carbon, gas, renewables and nuclear. I feel more prepare to understand the debate between de-carbonization via renewables, energy efficiency, less pollutant energy sources (such as gas) and the dependence on traditional energy sources such as Oil. It was also very interesting to listen directly from the experts their points of view and the issues that need to be tackled first. The role of Russia and the emerging new leaders and potential providers of GAS, Shale Oil, and the new frontiers on innovation. I do recommend this course to anyone who has something to do with a Job related to any source of energy, either on the upstream, the downstream of oil/gas/carbon, on the Government, on Energy Agencies, on the Global warming side, or even in the Environment protection and Climate change defenders side. We all are part of the same planet and it is of outmost importance for all to understand each other.
The course lectures, outside videos, and readings are mostly very good and hit key points in understanding the material. The professor usually does a very good job in summarizing important ideas. I very much enjoyed the course and will be able to use the added knowledge in my career. I really liked the case studies, such as when we talked about the natural gas relationship between Russia and Europe or the discussion of sanctions against Iran. However, I really would have liked to see a discussion of Venezuela at some point to look at its unique position and problems, which are so much connected to its abundant energy resources. There wasn't enough discussion of South America in my opinion, although I did find the insights on Brazil very interesting.The course quizzes are an area that needs improvement. Some of the quizzes have questions that are poorly phrased such that the answer is not clear based on the provided material i.e. there are sometimes multiple answers that could be right or the right answer isn't worded carefully enough. (I remember the quiz on renewables being particularly frustrating.) Thanks for a useful course!
I learned a lot! Very interesting, educative, relevant and up to date issues/infos, eventhough it is not a 2017 course. The structure of the course makes a lot of sense. I enjoyed the teacher, easy to listen to. This course taugh me (as expect) about international politics through topics such as the difficult situation of gas pipelines. However it also encouraged me dig deaper on subject that should matter to any citizen. In fact, I found myself researching about my country's energy mix or recent green buildings in my city. Finally, I learned about technical and alternative option such as portable and safe nuclear energy -it did not even cross my mind that nuclear would be anything else than huge reactors -tricky to stop.
This is a great course if you're interested in learning the introductory concepts of international energy. Not only does it provide a great backdrop of the past, but also where we should be going in the future. The course gives a well-balanced view about all aspects of the energy sector, from supply to consumption, and often delves in to technical aspects of the sub-sectors it covers. Lastly, this course is great for understanding the climate challenges that the world faces today, and the steps that need to be taken in order to start reversing the negative impacts of CO2 emissions.
This is very helpful and opened my eyes to a lot of things. I am not very well-versed with the current economics and status of the energy industry and this course really helped me a lot.I finally know now that I should be more environmentally aware, conscious in my decisions and picking energy sources that can leave excessive carbon footprints and that SEA is pretty much reliant on coal still. My gained knowledge can help me further my aspirations and career goals in the Energy industry especially now that we're dealing with climate change.
This course is great! I think it recapitulates the most important aspects of how energy works internationally in a well-structured course which is easy to follow and enjoyable. It's a course made many years ago so some of the information might not be updated, I highly suggest learners to verify all of the information that may have changed to this day.I would definitely recommend it to people who are introducing themselves on the subject.
Thanks a lot Prof. Giacomo Luciani and SciencesPo and Coursera for the excellent holistic overview of the Politics & Economics of the International Energy. Highly recommended course to anybody interested in the Global Energy Issues. Some data are old which needs updation along with recent developments in oil supply & price crash events post covid19 scenario in the forthcoming session of the course. Thank you very much.
I will strongly recommend "Politics and Economics of International Energy" to anyone working or thinking about working on the energy field. This course is also an asset for those advising policymakers or policy -makers themselves.  I have learned so much from this course though the materials and interviews. Yes it was challenging because it is good. I can only say that I am glad I made the decision to take the course.
Very interesting course that provides a very insightful overview of the international energy issues. I like the way it is structured and how much of valuable information is given (taking into account relatively not big time commitment). I work in the electric power industry and I find information that I have learned during this course to be very helpful for my general understanding of the international energy issues.
The course syllabus is very well structured. In addition, crucial and complex aspects of the international energy industry are explained in a simple and excellent style.If I could make a suggestion, a course on law/legal aspects of international energy could be a very good complement for this course. Maybe Coursera and Sciences Po (or some other University) could offer such a course sometime in the near future?
A very comprehensive approach to the most well-known energy sources and their economic, social and political implications. I had no previous experience nor knowledge about energy before joining the course; now I can say I am way above average in my class. A recommendation would be to suggest more up-to-date papers regarding energy trends or websites that contain relevant updates to keep building knowledge.
Fantastic course with amazing presentations through videos, graphs, interviews and excellent pictures or videos of related fields in the background made the course really interesting. 

The interviews conduct by Respected Professor Giacomo Luciani

made me felt as we are really present in a class.

I am very impressed by the course content of Geo-Politics of Gas especially. 


Great Course.
More like 4,5 a star, but still a very good introduction to International energy markets. It touches the economy of energy, the politics of energy and also provides a deep look into the actual technological process of drilling oil, gas, etc. Materials are visual, lots of graphs, sometimes articles and interviews. Tests are moderately hard. I would certainly recommend this course.
The course is a great introduction to all of the major concerns and characteristics of the current international energy panorama. It is very well produce and has an excellent balance between technical explanations and practical examples, insightful interviews with experts as well as transmissions of conferences of major importance on the topics presented during the lessons.
This course is excellent with insights into all sectors of energy industry with focus on futuristic developments. The course stimulates to seek more than whats taught and  makes one look out  for the breakthrough changes/opportunities and brace up to lead the change.It has been an enlightening one & helpful to understand the world  energy in its broader sense.
One of the best course you can take online in the field of International Energy.The course is very thorough, it covers most of the aspects of International energy. Specifically, you get to know more of the European energy market and its dynamics.Highly recommended for those who want an insight into global energy markets, more specific to European markets.
One of the best course I have ever found on Coursera, it's a bit lengthy course but covers all the essential details in the energy sector. Different conferences by IEA and interviews with the experts provide in-depth knowledge of Energy-related concepts. The instructor of the course has presented all the required data with best illustration techniques.
Very well structured and taught MOOC. Highly interesting and provides a very good introduction to Politics and Economics of International Energy. The guest interviews were an adequate supplement to the video lectures. The only drawback is that some of the external links to videos and articles didn't work. Overall, highly recommendable!
Excellent course. I have no experience in this field so I took it out of curiosity and learned a lot. Very well taught, very well organized, covered just the right amount of material. Does take a bit of a commitment, I would suggest keeping up, it only takes a couple of hours per week. It made me want to learn more about the field.
A very good introductory course for anyone willing to get in touch with energy matters in the political and economic areas. Professor Giacomo Luciani handles the classes with confidence and clarity and it allows us to obtain a fair command of basic principles regarding the global energy sector. I definitely recommend this course!
Through this course, I got the knowledge and understanding of different energy sources and the energy scenario of the future. Prof. Luciani has a unique way of explaining things, which makes you binge-watch the course. More than anything, this course has brought in me the enthusiasm for learning more about the energy transition.
First of all thank you to Pr. Giacomo Luciani and his team for this outstanding course. Reaching all the goals proposed, fundamentally explaining the World Energy Market and Challenges we are yet to overcome.Sciences Po is sharing knowledge freely in this MOOC and paving the way for other Universities worldwide.Thank you.
It was a true pleasure to work with Professor Luciani. Many thanks to Sciences Po and all the people who have been a part to production of this course. Program gives complex knowledge in the chosen sphere and will be useful for everyone interested in energy production tendences and international relations in this field.
It was one of the best course I ever had! It helped me to widely understand the dynamics related to geopolitics, strategies and tactics decided by states to achieve results in the energy sector. On the other hand, it gave me a good range of specific knowledge regarding different resources and types of technologies used.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. One of the best course to completely understand the energy market scenario.  What surprised me the most was, even though I am learning 3 years after the course was shot, everything sir said in the video still makes sense. Thank you Coursera for such a wonderful learning experience.
Fantastic Course! Professor Giacomo is very knowledgable and has compiled a course here with a breadth of theory, interviews and discussions to illustrate current thinking and debates, and visualisations to convey key concepts. Youwill definitely be somewhat of an expert if you do this course and take it seriously.
I have liked a lot the course. I have appreciated that the professor has divided the course into charters and he has talked about the main energy sources. I have personally enjoyed a lot the classes about nuclear energy, they were very well explained. I enjoyed the intervention of Prof. Bertrand Barré!
An excellent course in terms of content and lecturer. Professor Giacomo Luciani has really delivered the message behind the course gracefully and has shown his depth in knowledge in this field. All of the guest speakers were truly experts in their respective fields and have added value to this course.
A great introductory course for Social Scientists in the interesting world of international energy. The course is not that much about the actual politics and economics of int. energy, rather than about an introduction in to the complex ways in which energy is acquired. Very enjoyable nevertheless!
A very well organized course that provides a perfect overview of global Energy markets. Professor Luciani has combined a good mix of informative lectures, practical examples as well as specialist views and opinions from academics heavily involved in specific areas of the global Energy industry.
This is really a great course. I as a Petroleum Engineering undergraduate student get benefit from this, as it is presented in a very basic and simple way with huge precious knowledge that opens my mind how large petroleum field and the technology is. I would recommend you to do this course.
Excellent course, extremely well taught and chocked full of pertinent information.  Professor Giacomo Luciani is an absolute gent and he presents the material in a clear and coherent manner. Thank you very much for taking the time to share your in-depth knowledge in the form of this course.
Great course delivered at a comfortable pace. A fantastic grounding and foundation for the Politics and Economics surrounding International Energy. Giacomo Luciani  lectures these very well and his passion for a more sustainable and renewable future definitely shows! Would recommend!!!
Excellent course content covering a wide range of elements in the field of International Energy - from the production lines, to the economics and geopolitics, and to future policy aims, this serves well as a comprehensive introductory course from an impressive array of presenters.
I wish to extend my sincerest thanks to the fantastic course which is  Politics and Economics of International Energy. The course was well presented and informative, and gained a good insight into the energy sector in a global sense. I would recommend this course wholeheartedly.
As this course provides technical, natural, political, and environmental details about energy, I can say that it is fulfilling for those who desire to learn the world of energy. However, the course could have more detailed information or a section about the economics of energy.
It has been a wonderful journey taking this course since 2 months ago and It had been insightful, informative and interesting to learn about what politics and economics as well as technologies advancements have to do with energy world wide. Worth the attending of this course!
Very interresting, well-structured course to learn about energy markets and geopolitics behind. It is well documented, doesn't go too slow nor too fast, also what i liked is that it lists accurate online ressources.My only remark would be to enlarge the lesson on renewables.
A great course with a detailed information and perspectives from the oil & gas industries and that gives a solid background regarding politic and economic in this field of expertise. Thank you professor Giacomo Luciani and his team to bringing this course together.
Nice course, easy to understand and answer for questions. I liked especially week 4 because it was for me the hardest one, I have reviewed this week several times before could pass test successfully. Thank you very much Pr. Giacomo Luciani and members of Coursera))
Great course, very beneficial with regard to the explanation of energy sources and how policy making is important with regard to obtaining better energy efficiencies and other crucial factors that would help in providing a better environment for future generations.
Great overview of international energy policy. Helpful for an American learner to understand the basics and gain an understanding of the European energy system as a case study in energy policy and economics. Great visuals and well structured lectures.
A fantastically well presented course, one that is sure to be of benefit in the future, I think it not only gives a good overview of the current energy situation but paint a fantastically informative picture for moves to watch out for into the future.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. It was very insightful for me. It gave me a more rounded understanding of what appears to be driving infrastructure investment debates, as well as political and economic decisions both globally and in my own country.
It's very interesting to become aware of international affairs between countries based on energy. The course is not difficult to understand. At the same time the information provided by the tutor and by other professionals as well is profound.
Firstly, I would like to thank Professor Luciani for creating this MOOC and presenting it in an interesting manner. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and it has greatly enhanced my appreciation of energy issues world-wide.Thank you once again!
Overall an excellent overview of the principal political, economic and policy issues related to international energy. The course is well structured and presented and I would recommend it highly to anyone interested in this important area.
Firstly, the course contents was very functional and crucial for understanding the energy spectrum. I motivated a lot by pursuing that course and want to suggest my fellows to see the diversity of that energy courses. Thank you Coursera
I loved the course. Very detailed, but gave an overall view of the different energy supplies, and international relations which come with it.I recommend this course to everybody who has even the slightest interest of energy supply!
Very good course for persons interested in the energy sector, explaining the basic facts surrounding energy sources. Could do with more insight in how the energy prices are computed and how they are influenced by lots of factors
This course was truly amazing with all the interview and resources discussed and in discussing the fundamentals of energy systems, economics and policies. I highly recommend taking it and a lot of thanks to the staff behind it.
I was scavenging for options over the internet for masters options along their content when I came across this course. I've learnt a lot about about my interest in energy economics and might even try to apply at  Sciences Po!
Really great course to get you started with the important knowledge on economics of oil and gas and the basics of how oil and gas is formed and acquired. I highly recommend this course if you are new to oil and gas industry.
This is a very clear and engaging course. It focuses on most energy sources. (oil, gas, renewables, nuclear) as well as social, political, economic, and geopolitical implications of the energy market. Highly recommended!
I am an Electrical Engineer, with a master's in Sustainable Energy. The course is really interesting and well structured. I would prefer it if it was a bit more updated. Overall, I highly recommend it! Thank you Giacomo!
Loved the course. It got a bit technical, and being from India, I wasn't too keen on understanding the European Policies. But, apart from that, very enlightening experience. Have already recommended it to a few people.
Fantastic course. I have worked in the oil and gas sector but this course enlightened me so much more about energy. I have a much higher appreciation for energy policies, subsidies and the like. Well worth the time.
Excellent introduction to a complicated topic. As energy is one of the most important topics of international relations, taking this course also allows for a larger understanding of current geopolitical conflicts.
Great high level introduction to the economic and geopolitical issues around different forms of power generation, as well as some of the technical challenges with integrating renewable energy into the power grid.
A very good overview of the political aspect of the energy sector. As reflected by its title, it focuses more on the political discussion and analysis and not so much on the technical part of the energy system.
It provides a clear picture of technical aspect, economical aspect, legal aspect and political aspect which helps to interconnect this aspects together and give all-round perspective of energy of the world.
With this course I have been able to better understand the role of energy in the development of the countries, and in a clear and simple way I have managed to understand how renewable energies work.
I loved the course. The study material was well explained. There were presented many interesting facts and curiosities, and good first insight into Politics and Economics of International Energy.
Thank you so much for professor , it was very interting course and now, i know a lot of infromation about energy. What i really like from this course is inteview with differents professors. 10/10
Very interesting course ! Very well explained but maybe needs updates on current news (even if it may be hard I acknowledge) !Really well balanced between definitions, geopolitics and science.
Excellent delivery. Fantastic external sources with clear and precise explanations from a graphical viewpoint.Great range of industry expertise and professionals within the appropriate fields.
Excellent course, I am really impress with explanation of instructor of this and specially interview videos, which are included in end of every unit help me lot to understand more about topic.
The course gave very interesting perspectives, both technological & geopolitical, about energy worldwide. It has fuelled my appetite to explore more about various facets of energy domain.
Very grateful to have participated in Prof. Lucianis course. Learned a lot. Highly recommend it to everyone who wants to deepen his knowledge in the field of global Energy. Thank you!!
I like the course I have learn a lot about the politics of Economics of international Energy, I would recommend for those interested in knowing about energy in the international realm.
This course is providing knowledge and lessons about Politics and Economics of International Energy and basically covered about international energy. Thank you very much, Htwe Soe Han
Prof. Luciani is the expert in the field and it was very valuable to learn from him!! Great quality of videos recorded, interesting and engaging, he explains and speaks very well! :)
This course was well-structured, well-taught, and packed with a wealth of  information concerning the political economy of international energy. Definitely worth taking this course!
Excellent course, i was wondering if there is a possibility to become this course into a specialization. I learned a lot of issues about politics and economics that I didn't know.
This course gives me an opportunity to study with Sciences Po and allows me to search for my interest in Politics and Economics of International Energy which is quite specific.
Excellent ! I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to learn the basics of economics, politics and geopolitics of energy as well as on energy transition and decarbonization.
The course provides clear helicopter view on the major features of the inernational energy industry, thus it worths to dive deep for those, who somehow conneted to the topic.
Excellent, it broaden my knowledge about the politics and economics of international energy. Bravo to  team that bring this information together, and thanks to the teacher.
Great course, a lot of remarkable information given, with graphs and charts very well explained, it is all you need to understand the nature of the energy market!
Comprehensive and well-structured course. It will help your understanding about the energy itself first, then move to the economic and political aspects of it.
Really interesting course and gives a really good insight into a lot of the tensions in the energy market and why certain projects become politically charged.
Very organized, instructive and well presented course. Excellent base for people who want to go
deeper in any of the topics of the class. Highly recommended.
The course is insightful and covers all aspects of energy. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to learn about the worldwide energy sector from scratch.
very useful in providing the big picture and basic knowledge regarding international energy dynamics in the context of development economics and politics
The course is very well tailored. It covers very relevant topics of energy and geopolitics in a very interesting way. Its a must for anyone interested i
Excellent course that offers deep understanding of political structures of energy while being concise and enjoyable and with a very manageable workload.
Great course with clear explanations, excellent study materials and give a very good insight in global economy of energies. Could only recommand it !!!
Excellent course. Especially in understanding the gas politics in Europe. I would recommend that more ephasis is given on the politics of oil as well.
Great, I learned a lot. I would totally recommend it. Now I have technical knowledge about energy sources, and critical assessment of energy policies.
I like this course. Very important for me. I want to be a energy international professional. Didactical videos, accurate data and correct assessments.
Very informative course. The lecturer has profound knowledge about energy and politics not only in EU but also around the globe! Highly recommend it!
I was surprised by this course. The content is amazing and the lectures are current and didatic. I recommend it to everyone from the energy sector.
This was a great experience, its my first online course. This course was very beneficial, I learned a great deal. Thank you for the opportunity.
Very interesting course, although you might research for updated data and current situation (since the course was created few years back).
The course is very interesting and accessible. Anyone can follow it and learn a lot from an unbiased source with different point of views.
I truly enjoyed this class, it is broad and an excellent way to develop awareness on the potential required policies to decarbonize.
Very interesting course with nice presentations, discussions and examples! I recommend it to anyone interested in the Energy sector!
Thank you Giacomo luciani I learned allot of things of you furthermore I believe that this course was the best course about energy.
Mr Luciani is a great lecturer. Moreover, information furnished shows an interesting variety and flavor on the topic. Best Regards
It is very interesting. I gain a fundamental understanding of different resources of energy sources and linkages to world economy
Excellent course. The teacher explains very well the concepts, and the participation of guests in the lectures is very enriching
Fantastic course! Really interesting and informative. I found it easy to follow without much pressure on top of my regular work.
Very good course. As a relative newby to the sector it gave me the backbone I need for high level conversations with C-suite cl
One of the best Mooc out there ! A lecturer that keeps you interested until the end and really useful information delivered !
Very interesting course. Thanks to the professor, I could learn about different aspects of energy security especially on Gas
great course covering right from basics to in-depth analysis of  energy sector and how it affects the world as we know today
Very helpful and in-depth content. Enjoyed the course and looking forward to using my newfound knowledge in the real world.
Excellent programme, and give user the critical initial insight into political and economic aspects of international energy
This was a really good course, particularly for providing good context for my understanding of energy regulation in Europe.
The content covers almost everything that I wanted to learn. Explanation is very easy to understand, and easy to follow.
Extremely interesting course. Was glued to the course. Finished the course in 2 weeks. Because this was so interesting.
Learned a lot about the international energy sector, especially the nuances of energy, economics and social protection
The course really opens my view of global energy and infuenced by politic remarkablyThank you for releasing the course
Excellent course, very well structured and elaborated. A reservoir of knowledge! Loved the interviews in the lectures.
it is simply an awesome course on energy sector. The various dynamics and geopolitics is explained in a beautiful way.
It was an amazing course! Loved it. Gives an insight into how the energy domain will look like in the coming decades.
Really fascinating and insightful in the global energy markets with economic and political explanations and insights.
Really enjoyed the way in which they explain the material, specially the divisions.  Makes it very clear to follow.
Very interesting and understandable course. I recommend this content for everybody who are interested in the topic.
Very good introduction to the stake of energy politics in our world. Very interesting speakers and clear courses.
This MOOC is a great introduction to International Energy, with all the necessary basics to understand the field.
It's a very comprehensive course for someone interested in global economic and politics of international energy.
Very interesting subject matter, great instructor and a broad explanation of the world of International Energy.
Excellent overview of energy resources and the related economics and politics. Exactly what i was looking for!
Wonderful Course and well structured. Talks in depth about the various energy forms that we have globally.
What a great course! I enjoyed a lot and i´ve learned so much important things very useful for my career!
It was the most interesting and the hardest course I have ever taken! I liked it very much! Thank you!
I enjoyed the way the instructor presented the material. Very easy to understand and informative.Hagai
The content is well presented and provides remarkable overview of current global politics of energy.
Absolutely wonderful. I learned a huge amount and Giacomo was a very friendly and helpful teacher.
This course was awesome! I love energy and the economics of energy and I still learnt so much! :)
This has been a great exposure to the fundamentals and theories on International energy traits.
Amazing course, especially for oil and energy enthusiasts. Thanks to Coursera and Sciences Po.
Excellent course. I learnt so much about other kind of energy sources, Geopolitics and trading
No only comprehensive and complete but also explanatory. Congratulations to professor Giacomo!
Excellent course - incredibly interesting and relevant, taught with great clarity. Thank you
Very informative, great mix of videos and additional reading, great choice/balance of topics
This course gives a good understanding of the logics governing the energy sector, thank you
Excellent course. I found the information to be from a wide variety of reputable sources.
Very interesting course for anyone who wishes to learn more about international energy!!
Super interesting course, I realy enjoy it, thanks Giacomo and all Sciences Po staff.
Really enjoyed the teachers mastery of the material as well as style of delivery.
Very easy course, but very knowledgeable instructor.  Good discussion questions.
Very helpful for beginners. It's a general overview of basic energy knowledge.
Very interesting course, lots of knowledge gained about international energy.
Its a very good course and educative.Y'all should sign up.Thank you Coursera!
Challenging course, perfect for a global insight on energy. Congratulations!
very informative and presented in a very interesting and encapsulated manner
Great subject, great "école" and wonderful professors here. Thanks so much!
Very dinamic with a lot of good interview with recognized proffesionals!
Quite detailed while giving a broad view of the subject. Good resources.
the discussions with professors of the department where very informative
Very good. I am happy with all materials and with the learning! Thanks.
very interesting introduction course on energy economics and politics.
excellent introduction - with superb up to date examples and exercises
Great course Useful information, especially in the oil and gas sector.
Amazing course with a lot of really dense, good information content!
Instructive and professional with plenty of different work supports.
Good introduction to politics and economics of international energy
This a great course, no area of the politics of energy is left out.
A very comprehensive, relevant and up to date course. Well done!
Excellent snapshot of today energy market and future orientation
Well explained. Relevant explanations of politics and economics
Very insightful! Technical when needed, but always accessible.
Simple and straight the point, it totally deserves an update !
The best knolewdge source for know the Europian Energy topics.
great. very interesting A updated course could be even better.
Very useful for people who work in oil field and energy sector
Very Knowledgeable and gain a lot of today issues of energy !
I have amazing overview about the subjected course, thank you
Loved it Professor! I am so happy to have taken this course!
Thank you so much for expanding my knowledge in this area.
great course! hope, to take an actual Master degree in it!
The course is comprehensive. Contents are well organized.
Thank you for this very passionate and rewarding course!
Great course with clear concepts, lectures and videos!!!
Perfect.Every serious energy expert aspirant need this.
Very interesting and comprehensive! A high level course
Very clear and helpful to understand the energy market.
good teaching and up-to-date source/ teaching material
Very clear and illustrative course about the industry.
Great content and reliable sources. Highly recommend.
I have learned a lot!! Thank you for the opportunity!
The content of the course was rich and very relevant
Interesting Course with a variety of Topics! A Must!
Very informative and a manageable quantity of work.
Very good, complete and clearly explained class.
Very interesting and with a lot of information.
Course was incredible and professor was superb
EXCELLENT METHODOLOGY, PROFESSOR  AND CONTENT.
Very informative course. Thank you very much.
Fantastic course I have learned a great deal.
Excellent topic and very well presented on
An awesome course, I highly recommend it.
Best MOOC I have done so far in my life.
Excellent way of lecturing. Keep it up.
Interesting, well-structured, topical
Really of great help for beginners!!
I liked the quiz questions. Thanks.
The course is very well organized.
Excellent class, very instructive
an extremely interesting course!
Very intresting! Congratulaiton
Great course with a lot meaning
Well presented and explained.
It was such a good course.
Very interesting course:)
Interesting and complete
Great insightful course
Amazing, really worthy
Really good MOOC
Very teaching
