Overall okay but some of the interviews didn't seem relevant, they felt a little bit like padding. I also had the same individual grade my two assignments and he graded my work quite subjectively and not in line with the stated objectives.
The contents of the course were good. however I think it was not very well structured nor explained. Many of the interviews were not clear expamples of what was explained as part of the theory, but only experiences from people.
While the course was informative and interesting, it needs to be updated.  A number of web links no longer work, and the interviews and examples are now outdated after three years.  Also, the professor doesn't seem to look over and grade assignments.  It is just fellow students critiquing grading you.  I would have liked the professor's critique on my assignments, especially since I paid $50 for the course.
It was a good course but I was hoping it would go into more detail. It scratches the surface.
I think it lacks of theorycal content. Still usefull information. Im gratefull for it
It was a basic course but useful as an introduction to Sports Marketing
I expect a little more depth in some themes
While descriptive, its a beginner's course.
Wish the  course would be deeper
It was okay.
I think they should update certain materials! everything else is great!
It is good, but it is a bit too basic.
I found many elements of this course to be really interested. It serves as an excellent introduction to the world of sports marketing. If there is something I could suggest for improvement, it would be to make the practice quizzes a little more challenging. I also would have liked to try some different design elements for the assignments rather than just plain text. Overall, it was an excellent course that was filled with interesting information and great guest speakers. Highly recommended!
Really enjoyed the outline of this course. I appreciated having the lectures transcribed beneath the video so I could follow along and take notes as the professor was talking. I felt that the assignments challenged me to think and be creative. I also liked the peer review portion, so that I could see other ideas students came up with. The only thing I would say is that I wish experts in this field could also mark my assignments. Overall, an enjoyable and organized course.
This was a good and insightful course, especially as it gave me information about general Marketing strategies and then went in depth about how they applied to Sports.The submissions were creative and fun. The range of examples given was interesting.The most interesting piece was the bonus clip around Global Sport and its political nature.Each week had a good, manageable amount of work.
Great insight into sports marketing from professionals across the United States. I am grateful for this content provided for free across the world. Would be great to see updates (now in 2020) as the sports marketing world has changed drastically due to the digital nature in which we all now do business and operate. Thank you Northwestern University!
Sports Marketing is a well structed course with interesting speakers, two peer reviews and main focus on US sport market.I could only wish to expand the course program more to international experience and update few web-links to suggest readings which are probably too old and do not exist. Thank you!
Enjoyable and interesting course but uses a lot of video
guest speakers, some of whom are really interesting but some of whom are a
little… dry? Only two assignments required (I’d have preferred a little more) but
the course also includes good suggested reading lists.
Well planned course, easy to follow and complete. It actually helped med and gave me good ideas for how to run my business. It is very orientated for the american market so if one has to give critics it would be good with som European inputs into it :)
I found this course very interesting and informative. The videos and ref. materials are very useful to learn and know about the sport marketing. Also, this course provide a reputation as delivered by the well organised university in the world.
I really liked the course and the Professor. The interviews with so many experienced professionals aggregates lots of value. On the other hand, I was expecting more "technical" analysis and ideas, hence it's a Intermediate course.
The course was really helpful for me to discover the marketing aspect of any sports team or league. As a marketing student and an avid sports fan, this course was a perfect blend of two fields which i'm thoroughly interested in.
The social media aspect could have been more up to date and with better interviews to show the day-to-day tasks in social media management. The readings were excellent and the interviews were fantastic.
Overall good learning and experience and learned a lot about sports marketing in details which i could use in practical work and execute it in a well proposed manner. Thank You...
Very clear content. A good mix of reading suggestions, video content and thorough theory. If you already had some education on marketing before, this might be a lot of repetition.
I learn what is marking .how to manage the event .what is the sponsorship .and many more .it teach how to maintain relationships between company and sponsorship.
Well organized contents. Some of the interviews are great and the exercises are so interesting and fun. I would improve the course adding updated contents.
Sports marketing course gave me good knowledge and information about how sports events are managed.This course was very interesting and helpful for me
I think it could improve the program if from time to time the teachers could answer questions or solve doubts but in general is a very good program
Amazing course. My only critique is that I wish there were more lectures to help explain different topics, but I loved that there were interviews.
All the basics covered, still something feels amiss. But have to applaud the efforts put in. The course is well designed & easy to understand.
was a lot of interviews which was helpful but i enjoy lectures with facts more. assignments were useful, as were the notes taken in the class.
A great course and alot of knowlegdge was gained through this, thank you professor lee and all the other sources for such an amazing course.
A great course which gradually introduces the learner to the topic while the coursework really reinforces the learning of the program.
Needs more in-course content, there are too many external links.I'd rather take north western's opinion on each issue in detail :)
I really enjoyed the course I got to learn a lot and it helped me get the base for what I want to do in the future
Added certificate in my resume. Surely will help my future aspirations of being a sports journalist!
Very good overall. Maybe a little bit too basic for someone who already works in marketing
Very fun course with some informative videos and a lot of things to learn about.
Realy intersting. I hope in the next level study more than social media tatics.
That was really nice study by home and had fun to complete all assignments.
It would be better to have a more systematic class.
it was goos and informative
Too many writing exercises
I liked it so much
This course was beyond word of amazing! I'm in the process of switching career fields and I found Northwestern's Sports MArketing course was the perfect stepping stone to do so. Thank you so much for offering this
I really like how I can manage my time to study on my own pace. Also, the video lessons are informative and interesting.  The use of quizzes and assignments checks how well I follow up with the lesson.
Solid course. For beginners in marketing and communications.
The course was fantastic. I am really lucky to have found it. I am a professional in the advertising and marketing field pursuing an MBA to be educated in the specialized fields within marketing and this was a fantastic addition to my academic and professional journey. I have worked for both PR and advertising agencies and my career lacked in the consistent approach because it is easy to have to hop between the agencies for many reasons besides the business and the clients, so a course like this would be very helpful. It has the real insight from the experienced executives that are also the great asset for those who are considering a career change. Thank you very much for creating this course, I can't thank more. It gave me confidence.
I want to extend a lot of thanks to the author of the course, Professor Candy Lee, and people who took part in the course and made it what it is now. It was a great pleasure to learn from you. The course was interesting and interactive. I enjoyed interviews with famous and experienced people in the sports marketing area. I was also excited while doing my first press release and loyalty program ever. The course was so useful and relevant especially during this time of COVID-19.  The last thing I want to say to people who are considering whether to participate in this course or nor, do it. You won't regret it, moreover you will get a vast experience.
Really liked the course, the use of guest speakers is very nice and the guests were also perfect for the topics at hand. The two assignments are also a nice way to apply the knowledge from the course, and it was nice that they do not take up too much time and they really let you use your creativity.
This was my favorite course that I enrolled in on Coursera.org. Professor Candy Lee was informative and the material was enjoyable to learn. I also enjoyed the addition of guest speakers and interviews. I would definitely recommend this course.
I am really into this lesson that is a practical subject that could be easily learned. and also, Assignments are a nice way to apply the knowledge from the course, I hope it has an advanced lesson.
Classes were easy to follow along and I loved being able to go at my own pace. The class material was clearly explained and the reading materials were all relevant. Great class!
This was a very good overview of the sports marketing field. Some of the optional reading can be updated to current event day events, but overall a good learning experience.
Great course. I learned a lot and the information was very well presented. The videos were very helpful and I enjoyed hearing from the various outside parties.
I loved this class. Such a blessing that Professor Candy Lee took time to curate guest speakers and provide awesome content. Thanks!
I really enjoyed this course, it was very interesting and gave me the chance to get closer to sponsorship. I'm very thankful!
Good brief introductory course for amateurs with very good supplement reading content.
It’s a good and and very challenging course ever.
An excellently delivered course under the able guidance of Ms. Candy Lee. The course not only provides video lectures and words of wisdom and experiences from guests and alumni, but also involves extremely informative and useful supplementary materials in the form of articles, case studies, and slides.Having gone ahead with this course amid a lockdown has got to be the best decision I made as this course not only introduced the fundamentals of sports marketing to me but also helped me explore several intricate topics (like ticket pricing, press releases, crisis communication, and the loyalty program).I would recommend this program to any and every budding sports management professional to help them broaden their horizon with an international perspective, all delivered with perfection and ease.
Absolutely great course! I thoroughly enjoyed all aspects of this course, and how each specific week touched on a different aspect of sports marketing, all of the different angles were very beneficial! The material was extremely easy to understand, And I recommend this course to anyone looking too broaden their spectrum on how the inside of sporting business works! Verry happy I could do this during quaretine to keep learning!
Having not taken any sort of marketing/sports marketing class during my time in school, I had no real exposure. You may feel that most of what is being taught is "common knowledge," "common sense," but what this course gives you is applying that "common knowledge" to everyday life in the marketing world. Highly recommend!
The course is really interesting and very insightful. I am thankful the the instructor Prof. Candy Lee for sharing amazing content. The expert interviews gave a truly industrial experience. The two assignments helped me to apply the learning in practical scenario. Thank you very much to the Coursera and the team.
This was a comprehensive and informative course.  So grateful to have had the guidance of Dr Candy Lee.  Each module was in depth, provided great lectures and reading to support the teaching.
A great course from a great instructor. As a professional in sports journalism and industry for 25 years, I can tell that I found lessons to be accurate and in more depth than expected.
This was truly a fantastic course as it exposes you to the monumental influence marketing has in the world of sports. It has an array of interviews from respectable experts within the industry, who provide great insight into the module topics. I also enjoyed the peer-graded assignments since they allow you to be creative while practicing the concepts of writing a press release and planning a loyalty program.
Thank you so much Ms. Lee!! This was a heck of a great course. I have had a curiosity in Sports Business  in last couple of years, but I couldn't find out how to learn. This program just made my dream come true, and probably would help my career. It was fun to study in any module and video. Learning from people already have lots of experience in this business, getting more will to learn. Thank you, again!!
This course is very important for anyone who wants to learn sports marketing fundamentals, also there are a lot of topics covered in this course with a set of skills needed for sports marketer like crisis management, events management, and how to write a press release. There are an interesting interviews with different stakeholders in the sports field.
very well designed course curriculum with a real-time syllabus, and both the assignment are also good, overall I can say that a many more I can understand about the sports marketing and being a teacher I am sure that with this course I can easily teach students seeking a career in sports marketing.  thanx Coursera
I enjoy this online course really match during this quarantine period. The contents enriched my knowlegde of Sports Marketing and help me to understand the prinicples to marketing such as 5P. Will think about further study in this area for higher level. Thanks!
My first time studying online and I find it very interesting. It's both easy to follow and deep in knowledge in the area - I work in the PR industry for 20 years and I learned a lot from this course. Congralutations for all Northwest University Team
If you love sports, you would love this one (even if it doesn't have any academic/professional relevance for you) . Lot of interesting write ups and videos giving insights into working of sports organizations/brands/persons'. Really enjoyed it,
A great way to learn about the sports industry. I believe the use of interviews throughout de course help present different points of view in the subject, thereby showing students a in depth experience of what a sports professional does.
Really informative, and helped broaden my understanding in sports marketing. As someone who is currently enrolled in public relations, with hopes to someday work in the sports field of it - this course has really taught me a lot.
ITS A WONDERFUL COURSE THAT PROVIDES A GREAT DEAL OF INFORMATION ABOUT THE SPORTING INDUSTRY AND HOW IT IS A BUSINESS AS WELL AS AN ENTERTAINMENT PLATFORM.THE INTERVIEWS ,LECTURES ,EXAMPLES AND CONTENT IS WORLD CLASS.
Good program that allows you to have an introduction and a global vision of the sports business.  Highly recommended for those who work in the industry and for those who want to break into the world of sports business
It's a really well designed program that also gives some interesting insights for industry professionals. The structure is really comprehensive and there's a lot of really good reading material integrated.
I really enjoyed this course, it was very informative and easy to follow. The videos were clear and the graded sections were great. The course as a whole was enjoyable and would recommend to others.
An amazing experience for someone looking to become involved in the world of sport. Exciting, informative and meaningful course. I loved it. Thank you Northwestern University!
Had a great course, litteraly i was learned a lot of things about sport& sponsorship marketing sales retail brands & all.. Each & every videos should teach good things&stuff..
This course gave me strategical approaches to case studied I may not of thought of on my own. I would recommend this course to anyone interested in sports marketing.
Absolutely loved this course! Professor Lee, thank you so much for taking the time to develop relevant and engaging curriculum, including informative guest speakers.
It was an amazing course. I learned so much and now I am hoping to use this certification to pursue a new career in sports marketing. Thank you for all of your help.
Very nice course. Full of interesting contents and good interviews with people who works with the subjects of the course. You can really learn a lot by completing it
Loved it! Although it is not a subject I have knowledge about as I am a physician, the whole six weeks were very understandable and fun to watch. Very reccomended!
Lots of reading material as well as interviews from people in the industry! The peer reviewing is helpful and I love that the course can be done at your own pace.
It was so informative and so systematic. I really discovered my marketing and sport skills through this course! And my self confidence in this field has shot up
I did really enjoyed the classes instead I did not get the certification because I did not pay for it, I learnt very useful information about sports marketing.
Great course!! Awesome insight with different perspective from people that work in this field, I wish the course was more up to date, but it's still great.
This is course is so interesting and easy to go through that it made me wish it was longer. Congratulations to Candy and everyone involved. Very enjoyable.
The course was amazing and the professor taught it really well. I got to learn many new things and also got a new exposure to the world of Sports :)
Very interesting and I learnt so much. The assignments were also really fun and encouraged us to use our imagination, while picking up the skills.
Good informative course explaining details of sport marketing. Extremely helpful for countries such as India where sport leagues are new in-thing!
I am so happy with that course. I differently learned a lot out of it. I found out another creative side of me because of that course. Thank you!
It was an interesting and very engaging course.Congratulations to all stakeholders involved.Many thanks to Coursera and Northwestern University
This was a great class for me. I took it to learn about Sports Marketing because I will be teaching it next fall. It gave me a good start.
Really cool, it provided some deep insights. However, I think it should be a bit longer, since sports marketing it's a very complex field
I learned so much taking this course, thank you for allowing me to take this course and help me advance my career in the world of sports
I recommend this course to all those who want to enter the world of sports or improve their marketing and sports administration skills.
I really enjoyed this fun, interactive and interesting course. Highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in any type of sports.
Great course, had an opportunity to learn about marketing, PR, social media, communication crisis and loyalty program. Very useful!
It was an amazing course that provided me with an effective insight into the subject and helped me become more aware and updated.
I really enjoyed this course. I learnt a lot and there was so much video content and literature to study. Would highly recommend.
I really enjoyed this course it showed me the new interesting world which made me more sure about my chosen academic field.Thanks
Provides sports marketing concepts clearly and concisely. It also offers interesting interviews and videos with specialists.
Excellent course for beginners in marketing. Loved it and it is highly recommended. Thank you Prof. Candy Lee :)
Really like the course, very entertaining and bring all the speakers that experience in sports marketing field
I like the course, the planning of the course was nice. Thank you, couldn't have asked for a better course
Excellent course! Great variety of lectures. Engaging from start to finish with well-designed assignments.
It's been a great experience that's benefited me greatly, and I look forward to learning more in Coursera
I liked it. Good and detailed explanation, help me to get the info which was given by the professionals
Well Structured Course. Simple and easily understandable. Enjoyed learning about Sport Marketing !
Amazing course 🙌Must do it , very productive and helpful course .Definitely useful ahead .!
Amazing course, I learned a lot of new things and I’m so happy I was part of it. Thank you!
Nice!! I've enjoyed during this course. I like it very much!! Better than I was expected.
it is good cource for those who are in sports and it includes every detail about sports
It was amazing learning about sports marketing from coursera. It was very informative.
Very good course for those who are already or want to be in sports industry in future.
It was a good experience learning here. Hope to do some more courses in the future.
Great Learning. Thank you professor LEE for explaining concepts so seamlessly.
Very interesting and engaging.. helps learn a lot more about sports events!
Great Insight on  Sports marketing, strategies, dynamics, and many more ...
Excellent course that really dives into the concepts of sports marketing.
Very usefull for my MSc Degree that I plan to have in the near future!!
Very good in learning sports marketing and getting and insight about it
Fairly comprehensive for an introductory course. Definitely recommended
I really liked the content of the course, and there was a lot to learn
Great topics and real live examples for professional sports entities.
Great and informative course, will help me with my current business.
Basics of sports marketing and advertising, Best one in my opinion!
This course has fostered my knowledge and opened a lot doors for me
This was an amazing course and surely a great learning experience!
Great course for an introduction into the sports marketing world
Excellent teaching method and great content. Highly recommended!
It was an incredible experience, learning about this industry !
Amazing course if u see yourself working in a sports industry.
Good one for someone who wants to get into sports marketing
Very well done! I'd loved it, very detailed and usefull!
Thanks Candy Lee. I had a great time with this course!
This course was very well done and extremely helpful
Good expirience with many interviews of expertise
Very nice course, the activities are challenging
Loved It! Helps a lot to understand this market.
Very nice course for updating your knowledge
I understood every content.Thankyou Coursera
Good enjoyable course. Just the right length
Buen curso introductor a marketing deportivo
This program was fun and taught me a lot!
A great introduction to sports marketing!
Thanks for this wonderful course ma'am!
Great course and content. Thank you! :)
This  course it's an eye opener for me.
A very informative and exciting course
Exceptional course, I really like it.
This course help me a lot! Thank you!
Really enjoyed the course. Thank you!
I really loved the course in general
amazing course highly recommending.
Absolutely amazing and interesting.
It’s a great course. 10/10 for me.
Good course it's very interesting
Excellent material and insightful
Great Curated Sports Knowledge.
Great Professor and Curriculum
Lot of things to learn.....
Course is designed accurate
Amazing and so informative
Great course and professor
Perfect and Easy to learn
Really enjoyable course!
Very educational course
It's great and amazing
Great course. Amazing!
really good course...
Really complete!
really thorough
