There are no clearly defined learning outcomes at the start of each video which are cramped with stats and facts and statements such as "you will learn more about this in mooc 2" and "this will be talked about extensively in mooc 3". As a learner its confusing to know what to take out of each video. The extend to which students are used to promote the course by prompting them to tweet about the videos is a concern. Ones or twice is okay. But every time? The assignment is a miss - students should be given a choice whether they want to focus on marketing their professional personas or marketing their business. I can summarize MOOC 1 in one sentence. Social Media is big and therefore business must change the way they do marketing.
Boring and basic. I don't feel like I learned any new skills throughout this course. The few theories that were introduced were dragged and repeated over several videos. The readings did not provide any additional insights or complementary points of view. Most of the time the professor points out what you'll learn in the follwwing MOOCs as opposed to teaching you something from MOOC 1. The continuous call to sign up for Twitter is super annoying.
Far too often, we talked about what we are GOING to learn about Social Media Marketing vs actual content. After week two, it was a running joke with my colleague that anytime we talked about the course, we would just say "oh we'll learning this in MOOC 321."I'm being harsh because I paid for this. Please improve your content.
I felt it was a constant advertisement to the presenter's products ("in my book", "in the next course")... too little information provided per course. Plus, I'm paying my monthly fee and still requires me to pay an additional $79USD? why? First Coursera course that makes me feel tricked.
Education should be the number one priority of these f*king courses in marketing.  Why are they wasting my time promoting their books on and on an on... Exactly how dumb do you think we are??
The course was good for introduction to Social Media. However, the tools and examples used are dated, since 2016-17, so much has changed on social platform. The relevant examples could have been inserted as capsules.  It should have been updated for 2019-20. After paying for the program came to know the  program was curated 3-4 years back.Case examples  could have been used in the course
The course was very helpful. It provided with a  huge amount of skills that I will use while working on marketing.  I learnt how you can define your market, how you can engage it with the right tools and channels. I also learnt about how I can get their feedback or how I know what they are talking about my business.
I have not been refunded my money in the 7 day trial.
I did not like it, give me back the money or I will do a great promotion of your courses on the social networks in which I am an expert, and I mean YouTube, Twitter and Facebook, I will not rest until they return the 41 euros!
Very basic for the cost it represents, it doesn't really provide information beyond what one could find on a simple review on the first page of Google.
Not that much techniques to learn just general course about social media,So it's not cost effective  !
Bad one. Most of the time he was only giving what is their in the course Mooc 1 2 3etc etc. Irritated
I have taking it 3 times and my diploma doesnt appear and it keeps charging me :/o need my refund
a little bit old, and too many references to others courses
i actually clicked by mistake in this course.
Didn't learn much although it took SO long!!
I want to un enroll this course
Too much IBM sponsorship.
its an old course
This class was so boring I could not stand it. Social Media Marketing is such a fun + interesting subject that I could not BELIEVE they could make it so dull. Disappointed!
The informations were useful, but the videos were repetitive. This whole course had the amount of informations as one week of many others. If it was free I would have no complaints, but since it is part of a specialization, I expect more. Removing all the fat each week would have 10 minutes worth of material.Also I did not appreciate the length at which the speakers promoted their books.
I submit my assignment before 2-3 weeks ago and still, my grade don't update and when I see into discussion form every second day someone post for review their assignment everyone has done peer review but their own assignment 3 don't evaluate my full vacation passed but I don't receive my certificate.
Not recommended for medium or advanced users. As the name says this is just an introduction in Social Media, so if you are already using it you don't have much to learn from this one. I look forward to the other courses from this Specialisation for more in depth content.
peer graded method doesn't work properly, People who are reviewing doesn't always have the same insight. personally it is not a effective way to be graded.
Instructor was good. Content of whole program was focused on analytics. Perhaps a better title for this course is Social Media Analytics.
I wished it to be more hands on, more practical but unfortunately is like reading a book about social marketing. I am disappointed...
Extremely superficial.  The total content in this course would make a nice introduction segment to a full course.
I think the content itself is somewhat too theoretical, it does not usually apply to the reality
The content was very shallow. Not lot of hands on
I still don't have a grade and need help!!
Felt somewhat light on substance.
Please update the social media platforms that are being used for this coarse.  Many have either changed names and their billing or are no longer existent.
Slightly outdated and patched up, this course needs a complete overhaul including graphics. Also, audio quality is somewhat lacking in some videos.
Bit boring and out of date.
Decent coverage of the basics, but some of the data, tools and approaches used are out of date by 2-3 years which is particularly troublesome in the fast-moving social space. For example, they rely quite a bit on data from 2011 and 2012 and from social tools and reports from IBM.For someone completely new to the social space, this could be a great starter class. Just be sure to do your own research to supplement the data and be sure you're current.After grading assignments by other students, it was easy to see why the discussion portions of the class were flat: most either didn't invest in the assignments or didn't understand the materials. While I have found the discussion portions of other MOOCs to be equally interesting to the class material, I didn't have that experience in this session.
Negative: A lot of teasers for upcoming MOOCs and a little too self-promotional at times (ie: books from guests, tweet about the course after every segment and links to pay-in sites). Maybe could be more succinct for the amount of content delivered (but, I come from an educational background where material is very taxing and gone through VERY quickly, so I'm probably a little biased). positive: social media marketing in general seems interesting, especially in terms of building relationships with the consumer. Some interesting examples and the rest of the course seems like it will be useful.
Really helpful information that hadn't occurred to me before however, it did feel slightly repetitive at times.
The course was not as interesting as I had hoped, although it did provide a thought-provoking introduction to social marketing with some ideas and insights I was not expecting. I found the assignments to be mostly valuable, especially the peer-graded project that let us put learned material into our own words. Unfortunately, the teacher seemed somewhat bored of the subject and was not particularly inspiring. What really bugged me was that the background behind the instructor was in constant motion - simulating live tweet updates - which was not only annoying and unnecessary, but also very distracting.
It's a very basic introductory course. You can't actually expect much from this anyway. You really need to take the full course to evaluate if this is a great one. I did have learned something new but I'm not yet sure if it's useful or not. Guest speakers invited to this course do share some valuable ideas. For the main instructor, he's speaking really slow which can make you feel bored. However, it's reasonable when there is a big and varied audience on coursera because not everyone can hear a quick speech. I'm going to continue studying the course.
This course is relatively interesting, however there were several big issues I had with the material: the audio and video did not match up, no matter what browser and internet connection I used. Also the final exercise which is supposed to function as the metric for the rest of the course series relies on a website and service that has been disabled by the founding company for three months now (Klout). That's three months where the instructors could have updated their materials! How embarrassing!
I thought this course could have been more engaging. I quickly lost interest when the second course module repeated a large amount of content from the first module--I think a better overview or editing approach could have fixed that. I also was disheartened with the "just around the corner" sales-pitch refrain in this course "in your next course, you'll have access to...". It didn't help maintain my interest in the course I was taking currently.
It has some interesting things to learn but overall it felt like a big advertisement for the other courses. I also felt like I already had to be working in marketing and selling something in order to do this. I would have preferred a course which felt more... theoretical, I guess? I want to learn skills that might be useful for me in the future. Currently, I'm not working in business or marketing or have my own e-shop or something.
The course is quite short (videos are usually only 3-7 minutes long) and therefore could be completed very quickly and/or need quite little time investment. I did not like that they do not have any written materials cause at some points they go over written slides very quickly and it is tricky to follow and understand. On the other hand, there is a lot of repeats and therefore you will understand everything in the end.
Good introduction. But it feels like it is not complete. It is not much without the other courses so you either take the entire specialization or the benefits are not that big :(I feel like the specialization courses are an artificial break to a real university class... if the university class had only the content from those videos, that would not be enough.
Although I didn't pay for this course, I didn't feel that I walked away with learning much in this course. I learned the most by watching the other videos they had recommended (I love statistical data!). There was a lot of talk for what we will learn in other MOOC's, so I suppose this class was a general overview of what the possibilities are.
While the contents of this course clearly introduce the idea of Social Media Marketing, I was a little upset that Klout which is used for determining the social media presence score which would be also used in the follow up courses for tracking the progress throughout the courses, is not available as of 25 of May, 2018.
I did this course for my own personal development and was slightly let down by the emphasis on being part of a firm. The final week in particular was about your 'companies' social media. Perhaps I missed this in the information about the course, if not I wish this had been made clear to me. Thank you
I thought the course was well organized but found it difficult to apply to my actual job. Rather than encouraging use of freeware tools, it would be good for NU to arrange for discounts or access to student editions of tools actually used in the business world (e.g. Sprout Social)
Lectures were not necessarily in a logical order. Google Plus no longer exists and is still listed in content in many places, except for one mention in one lecture. Into to concepts is fine/good, i would have loved to hear more about real world examples.
Content is really insightful, however, the instructor does not really dive into the details of most things. If you are paid learner, its better to get the whole specialization if you really want to get the gist of social media marketing.
The material is old, the content is decent. However, my biggest issue is I had to "Reset My Deadline" 2 additional times waiting on assignments to get graded (as in, there was no more work for me to do). That was annoying.
Unable to complete week 4 as no replacement tool was provided for Klout. As the material of that week is built on Klout, it makes it difficult to follow. This needs to be rebuilt using a tool that is currently available.
I've learned so much about the fundamentals of social media in this course despite that, I think it needs to be updated to keep up with the current social media trend/channels.
I would like more content from this module. It was very slow to take off, especially week one. It was easy and enjoyable though. I would have liked it to be more challenging.
This is a nice introduction to social media marketing with professional insight from Randy Hlavac. I felt the content was a little too basic though.
Love the broader insight into social media and new tools. Would really like to hear some mention of Instagram trickled through these discussions.
I did't like the peer grade assignment, I lost 2 weeks for not summiting on time and it was a bit costly, but i hope the course will get better.
Lots of content repetition and many referals to other Moocs. It's obvious an introduction course. Expectations of other moocs are high now ;-)
This course wasn't really helpful.  It didn't need to be a full course as most people understand what social is.
An okay introduction to the specialization; hopefully, the future courses will get into more detail.
Useful information if a tad outdated. I already had learned much of this from YouTube videos.
the professor was a little bit dry and repetitive but otherwise the content was interesting!
Very basic intro. Could have more content and not just broad overview of upcoming courses.
Very basic dive into social, feels like it was structured for an older audience.
The weekly classes were very short. But the teachers are very knowledgeable.
Iteresting and usrful experience, ganed valuable information and knowledge.
Great content. Instructor reads lecture a bit too rapidly to digest.
This course in informative, but not very, and it is rather boring.
Some content is outdated. Needs to be updated.
Could be more actual!
I'm strung between 3 and 4 stars for this course. I'm biased because I did this first MOOC for free. I then signed up with a monthly subscription because I think I understood that means I gain certification in the realm of social media management, if I pay for it. I'm having a hard time finding out exactly the benefits of paying vs not paying and I did not make a note of it at the time.The Pros of this course (I've completed the first MOOC) are that you can do it on your own time, that it's very easy to do until it isn't. I sailed through the first few sections in a manner that was almost too easy. Then we hit the 'set your goal and go for it' which felt like a giant step that was not supported sufficiently by the steps leading up to it. But that should be under Cons. So .. pros are time management, ease of presentation and I found myself wanting to peer-review a lot of my peers out of a sense of camraderie.Cons -  I sailed through the first few sections in a manner that was almost too easy. Then we hit the 'set your goal and go for it' which felt like a giant step that was not supported sufficiently by the steps leading up to it. It's hard to tell when you are studying alone whether or not it is the structure of the course or you, who has dropped something out, to make certain steps seem disproportionately difficult compared to the others. But I have found this first MOOC to be ridiculously easy and then remarkably difficult within a breath of each other in terms of transition from one to t'other.  Peer review can make it really difficult too. I haven't seen any evidence that my piece was peer reviewed, and no notifications of such. Doesn't mean there haven't been, but this is an example of where what I don't know, I can't seem to discover.Overall I think this is a good course and I am continuing with it, but I do feel that there are some leaps, developmentally, that are not sufficiently prepared for in the lead-up.
This section is great for absolute beginners, and I would highly recommend it to anyone new to social media and social marketing. It seems necessary for it to be this straightforward to set everyone up for the more advanced material. Most of this was review for me, but I learned some interesting, fun facts about social media usage and data. The project was peer graded, which normally I enjoy, however, one of my peer assessments said my assignment was missing elements that I specifically made sure to include and address. There was no way to really dispute this, so I feel like my grade on the assignment wasn't fair. That said, I didn't have a bad grade, but I put a great deal of effort into my proposal and making sure it addressed all of the necessary points. Otherwise, very informative and enjoyable, and the class participation in social media is great.
The content in this course was invaluable and I learned a lot from the instructor videos, guest lectures and assignments.  It's already changed the way I am doing business.My one complaint is with the grading system - and this is on Coursera and not on the course.  I can't understand first why a peer graded assignment is considered late when I submitted it on time, and it's not my fault that others hadn't reviewed it yet. Similarly on a quiz, there were points given for answers that were supposed to be skipped if you had done the assignment.  Therefore, the highest grade you could get on that quiz was a 57%.  While passing was a 1%, it's still averaged into my final grade as a 57%.  That doesn't make any sense at all.
The content of this course was pitched well for a beginner in social media and marketing and provided a great overview of what to expect from the rest of the specialisation. The resources were varied and interesting, and came in a variety of formats to be accessible to as many students as possible. The quizzes were well-set-up. Some of the wording of the assignment was difficult to understand (and this from a native English speaker), and the range of answers I reviewed for my peers reflected that this was not just the case for me. It was fascinating reading what others were using social media and digital marketing strategies to leverage - the variety of industries and subsectors represented in the cohort was amazing!
Compared to other Coursera classes I've experienced, this one was very thinly moderated. I sensed a lot of frustration from participants who didn't understand or were uncertain about the peer reviewed assignment. From reviewing 6 classmates' assignments, I feel the confusion was genuine in some cases (others simply didn't put in much effort). For those trying to achieve and understand, the lack of support is disheartening. Keep in mind that for many of us this is completely new territory.
This is a brief intro course where it basically tells what you *will* learn in future classes in this series. There's not much learning in this class itself, but I found value in that one assignment encouraged you to specifically define your professional target markets - who, in which digital communities, consuming what type of media, concerned with which topics, etc. The course also makes you sign up for some useful social medial tools (to be used in later classes).
Good, however I felt that a lot of information was repeated a little too much throughout the four weeks. I think for companies looking to update the way they market towards their customers/audience this is a good course to take. For individuals wanting to learn how to market themselves on Social Media this really isn't catered towards that. All in all, good course to take and really interesting to see how companies can grow into Social Media influencers.
This course contains a lot of great information and insights regarding social media and marketing on an introductory level, but it does sometimes feel very stiff in a way one might not expect when discussing the fluid and ever-changing world of social media. Because much of the information is conceptual, rather than specific to current platforms, it doesn't seem entirely outdated, but could use some freshening up.
This is a great course for novices, but even as someone with a couple of years of experience managing social media, there are still gems in this course. There are some amazing statistics about the importance of social media (very helpful for anyone that needs to demonstrate how critical it is for your organization) and I also loved the class assignment and thought that it was very practical.
Great course.  I would like more on how to use Hootsuite and Klout.  Also which one is better??  I am finding them a challenge to use.  I like to search for my own content as I find the suggested content boring...and often not relevant to what I am looking for.  I can't understand why I cannot cut and past links.  So, like I said a primer on how to use these sites would be good.
This course was definitely introductory. I felt that most of the class just brushed over some general topics while letting us know that what he had just mentioned was going to be covered in the next MOOC. It was very helpful, however, and got me started on using the basic tools for Social Media Marketing so I'm excited to really dig in during the next courses.
On the plus side the videos are short and so it feel like things keep moving in this course without bogging down. On the other hand I feel like there are a lot of "buzz words" being thrown around and sometimes it makes it hard for me to get the point. I wish the talking heads would stick to plain and simple English instead of trying to sound clever.
The course was great! Very informative and more educational that my actual in person classes at my local Community College. Love the option of being able to re-watch the videos. The certificate was a disappointment though, it should reflect what the course is about Social Medial Marketing not ask a question What is Social?...on a certificate.
this is very basic and clear about social. it helps me understand about the fielf of social marketing, some concepts, such as social network, virtual community and characteristics of these are essential for making social plan. the exercise seems easy but practical, it is good first step for leaning social marketing. hope to learn next course
I love this course and the instructors. I am learning so much. The only thing i would change is to make sure papers from peers are marked in a timely manner. I have marked three papers, and have not had a single person mark mine. I hope this will not affect my ability to certify for your specialty, as i am really enjoying my time here.
Very clear introduction describing the different layers of the Social Pyramid . Starting at the top with Social Networks with their shallow discussions of everything to the bottom layers of though leaders & virtual communities with their focused discussions of specific topics and their "Passion" or "Trigger events"  main focus.
I really enjoyed this course but it really is more of an introduction to the rest of the specialisation.A lot was repeated over and over which seemed a little tedious at times but in actuality, it made sure I really understood and clearly processed the most important information.Looking forward to the next course!
Thanks for all the quality information we receive in this MOOC. I find it really helpful to develop my own career goals. The only suggest i have is include more multimedia material, like the videos in the first week because see the teacher all the time talking and just some slideshares can be monotonous sometimes
This overview of social along with some hands-on practice was very helpful to me. I like to understand broad concepts before drilling down into specifics. I did notice some statistics and factoids that were out of date, from 2014/15. Fortunately, the final assignment was current.
Great course that changes the perception of how we view social and just how much impact it has on a personal and professional level. I do however wish there was a little more direct communication and interaction aside from what we have, but that may change in the following Moocs.
I really liked this course and learned a lot, but can't help but wonder why there isn't more emphasis placed on two of today's most popular social media networking sites, Instagram and Snapchat. I would really like to learn how to better use both of these networks for marketing.
It's good, is the beginning to understand social media in a simple way.I learned interesting information and sites in this world of social media, however  I think the should introduce you in a more personal way, give differences between taking this as persona or as company
This course give a good introduction into social media marketing. We can made a good network from practicing the lesson in every video. And we can upgrade our knowledge as this course also provide career targeting assignment and will be reviewed by another applicants.
The course offers a good insight on social media. However, there are constant references to what will be done on the next MOOCS of the specialization, which gives the sensation that they're advertising themselves, and you are only listening to a mild introduction.
This course had info I needed.  Getting around in the site is a little challenging at times. Occasionally, the course did not mark complete and had to redone. I probably needed the info anyway.  While the info is still relevant, I feel it's a little out of date.
The course offered packaged, essential social information in a way that wasn't overwhelming. I enjoyed the pace of the course as well. I would recommend this course for future students. The content was beneficial for students I will teach in the future as well.
I've enjoyed this course very much. As someone that is completely new to marketing in any form I've found this course informative  and the content very easy to understand.I find this all very interesting and would love to learn more!Enrolling now for MOOC 2!
It is very interesting but realy an overview. It seems that the main information is on the next moocs of the specialization. If you are looking for a standalone introduction to marketing, I would recommend searching for another course.
I was a little confused on how to go about this course, this is my first on coursera. Better prepared now, more confident. Thank you Coursera & Northwestern University for giving this wonderful opportunity. Keep up the good work.
Some useful, relevant info for beginners like me. Some material outdated. Didn't really know what to do 'next' after concluding course work. Overall fairly helpful for my small business but now I need to continue what I started.
The specialization looks very promising in general, although I belive I am getting the most from the assignments. Some topics might be covered in bigger depth. Otherwise, I am satisfied and will continue with the specialization.
I read lots of articles about online marketing and social media marketing before I took this course, but This course gave me new insights toward social media marketing and the changing environment of media and marketing.
it is a great and detailed course about social media marketing but some websites in their reading sections don't open also the wefeelfine.org doesn't work but overall if we see then this is a good course for marketing.
The course is excellent and the professor Randly Hlavac´s lessons are pretty interesting and interactive. Besides, the tools he share are the best in the market. Thanks Northwestern University for the opportunity.
Valuable informations and tools about social media, differents types of social media plateforms The tools given are not well explained to use effectively for brand marketing and personal marketing on social media
Great info and I especially like the way it's divided into some reading and some video.  I think it was also presented in a way the someone who is not already familiar with Social is easily able to understand.
I would not take this class as a stand alone course, but am excited about what it may be setting up for the classes to follow. The instruction in this course was pretty basic and not difficult in the least.
This course is  good, it was a bit repetive in the beginning and the most interesting content was late in the course, I would reccomend you to buy this specialization, I think next part will be even better
This class has been an eye opener for me thus far. I'm enjoying learning all the how to of Social Media. I am looking forward to getting through all the MOOC's and start my new career online.
good introduction. I'm getting a better sense of the online social landscape but would like to go from theory to practice a lot faster - I expect the pace will pick up in the next course
It's my first online cource in Coursera. The NW university professior gives a very impressive and insightful cource on Social Marketing. I didn't regret the every minute I spent here.
It's good and inspiring.But I would say the contents covered are a little general.However, I would expect this whole specification will help me go deeper into social media marketing.
Very interesting theory-oriented course. You are give the main tools to dig deeper into the science of digital markets in the future. Explanations are clear and concise. Recommended.
A very good introduction when you are a total learner in this field! For those who already have some expertise it is good to up to date!! I did enjoy it despite my lack of time :-)
Pleased with the topic covered in the first MOOC, bang on what I expected. looking forward to the next MOOCs on the topic.  hats on to Pr. Hlavac for his resonsiveness on
I have really enjoyed taking this course. It has helped me look at marketing differently and has also helped me to think more deeply about how to use social platforms.
very insightful course, recommended for all lovers of technology, social media and business. with solid background in this course, your business is already a success
Highlights the importance of Social and sets a concise context for the following four courses. Course one convinced me to go ahead with the entire course 1 through 5
Like the total outflow and presentation of content. Introductory lesson but covers a lot of content and truth in social platform is striking. Its a beautiful course.
The course content and all assignments can be looked though in one day. Everything really useful will appear in the MOOC 2 and on, as different tools will be given.
I already knew quite a bit about the information provided in this course but still learned some new things and highly recommend for any beginners in the field.
This particular MOOC was simply alright as I honest to god did not learn much of anything and would consider myself highly advanced in this field of expertise.
Overall it was a good course. I am going to continue with the specialization to see where it gets me. Hoping to gain extensive social media marketing skills.
Great intro and background on the structure of social - sets the stage to dive into the tools and tactics that will help us build our social media profiles
I definitely learned some things but some of the videos focused a fair amount on what we will be doing in the future rather than providing information now.
Learnt a lot. While I knew Social was important and was receiving a lot of attention I was not aware of the relevance and or how to make use of Social.
I liked the platform to in-hence the knowledge by using different modes of social media to connect the people and the sharing thoughts and ideas.
Comprehensive and thought provoking. it is a nice course with initial information, you need to do full specialization to make the most out of it.
Excellent tool kit to be more operational on social media. Works for marketing, communications and business. I am impatient to follow-up.
It was a bit repetitive in parts that was a irrelevant such as what we're gonna see next Mooc, but not repetitive in the actual content.
One of my favorite courses. It has given me the right tools to understand my audience better. I encourage everyone to take this tired.
It totally declares the differences from Organizations' view and consumes' view and this was so helpful to see from different points.
Not bad at all - some interesting, useful stuff in here. Also very much enjoyed the professor's pronunciation of the word 'passion'!
A great introduction to the world of social media marketing, and a great refresher for those that are looking to get back into it.
I really liked this course, however, the reason I rated it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I wish it was a bit more up to date.
Nice course, but too many unnecessary words around the necessary core of the course. And I don't want to Tweet all that Tweets.
Some very good concepts. I like that practical skills are also included in the course. The videos are short and to the point.
Nice Course, though felt more like precursor to the other courses in the Specialization though.Lot of  great advice and tips.
some of the information is dated and needs to be updated but its a great way to get the landscape of social media marketing
Great course content by Randy Hlavac. Good way to start your social marketing Journey and reaching your clients effectively
Very useful. I did not give it 3 stars because I heard some repetitions over the lectures (e.g., about the social pyramid).
This MOOC bring many relevants social media issues and offers very good insights about how to handle with market demmands.
This was an excellent course. I gained a great deal from it. Even if only to reinforce strategies I am already utilizing.
There were a few too many acronyms I had to look up. Maybe they could be mentioned at least once before used repeatedly.
This course was intresting, i learn new tools and a lot of amazing data and information about the social media.
It was informative and few points were new and helpful. I am sure it is going to be exciting in new modules.
Very interesting course, with many description but not enough examples that why I give only 4 stars not 5.
It was a very interesting and brief course, what I liked there are updates for trends and information.
This course was really useful for me to understand what is social and how to use social for business.
Great intro to the basics. Gave me a good perspective from which to view social media in the future.
Earns lot of Experience of how social work in the world. Thanks coursera and Northwestern University
Faculty does not go through the assignmentswhich makes the credibility of the assignment grades low
I enjoyed the course material and instruction, I'm looking forward to the next section. Thank you
There is a small part at the end that has to be updated because klout.com does no exist an more.
This part was a lot talking about what we will talk on the next parts but not much of new info.
Excellent overview and introduction, however some of the stats referenced need to be updated.
Very interesting class with a lots of learning regarding the change of social media nowadays.
Really just an intro, but seems like a good one. I feel prepared to dive to the next level.
I like this MOOC because it gave me a complete and clear picture of Social Media Marketing.
i think the course is nice , however i would personally think it need to be more dynamic
This course is very useful for me because i have learned so many thing from this course
Pretty good course. Good information but only informative rather than interactive.
A little light on content, but has valuable resources for my wife's home business.
Great course. The content is engaging and presented in digestible bite-size bits.
It's a really basic course but good to get a general idea about how social works.
Decent course for beginners, however, more advanced learners should skip this one
A good hand-on course to initiate you into the world of Social Digital Marketing.
I liked a lot the course design, but I kind of felt the need of more study cases.
I wish it went a bit more in depth, but then again it is an introductory course.
Very interesting and great way to learn the basics of marketing of the new ear.
Provided quite a lot of useful tips and basic knowledge for social marketing.
I personally learned a lot from this course. I can't wait to see whats next.
Very in-depth and in-deep into Digital Marketing. Great Lecturer, Great Job
Very interesting course. I believe this will help me a lot on my future!
it is a good basic course. It is not so complicated, it is interesting
Very good basic overview of social and how it impacts all businesses.
Awesome course. Exams could have been a little tough to pass....
It was a little short, but packed with good and practical info!
I have learnt a lot by enjoying the lectures its really good!!
I like this course very much. Valuable materials and insights.
Just started Coursera, so much to learn. I love it so far!
The course gives great insight to Social and Social Media
Great class to start in on overview of social marketing.
I learnt a lot...Kudos to NW University and Randy Helvec
Excellent introduction, with good speakers and slides.
I could have used a little more support and feedback.
insightful , gives a good brief of the use of social
A new perspective on communities over the internet.
Nice introduction to tools , social media coverage.
This course is engaging with actionable insights.
fairly straightforward; not that eye-opening. :)
Its a little outdated, but its clear and concise
it's very beneficial and contain many references
Great course with valuable resources and books.
Too broad, expecting something more narrow next
This is a very interesting course! Well done!
Great foundational information and tools.
Good introductory course to social media.
great information! Extremely worthwhile!
Good stuff to be learned by this course.
I expected more knowledge to be provided
It's a good introduction to social IMC.
Very informative! Learnt something new
Learning a lot but updates are needed
very well explained basic concepts.
It was a good introductory course.
Excellent,  the best introduction!
Thank you for those great insights
Really enjoying this mooc so far
Good content and learned a lot
Great Introduction for Social
Great insights and content
Very good and practical.
Pretty good. Thank you.
Good insight to social
I enjoyed it really
What I liked:
Insightful.
This course is an excellent well executed course.  It has allot of very interesting reading as well as quizzes to make sure you understand the knowledge, plus there is inter-action with fellow peers &
It was probably one of the best MOOC's I've ever attended! Sir Randy did a great job explaining everything, accompanied by excellent slides which made me understand the course more! Excellent course!
Social media is a phrase that we throw around a lot these days, often to describe what we post on sites and apps like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat and others. So you can infer that social media are web-based sites that allow people to interact with each other.

But if we use the term to describe a site like Facebook, and also a site like Digg, plus a site like Wikipedia, and even a site like I Can Has Cheezburger, then it starts to get more confusing. Just what exactly is social media, anyway?

The term is so vague that it can basically be used to describe almost any website on the internet today. Or can it?

Some people have more of a restricted view of social media, often equating it to mean the same as social networking (a.k.a. Facebook, Twitter, etc.). Other people don't consider blogs to fall under the social media category.

It seems as if everyone has their own personal opinion of what social media is and isn't. But let's dive deeper into the general concept to gain a clearer and more precise understanding.

So, What Is Social Media? 
Rather than define the term using a bunch of boring jargon that would probably only complicate things further, perhaps the best way to get a clearer understanding of it is to break it down into simpler terms. To start, let's look at each word individually.

The 'social' part: refers to interacting with other people by sharing information with them and receiving information from them.

The 'media' part: refers to an instrument of communication, like the internet (while TV, radio, and newspapers are examples of more traditional forms of media).

From these two separate terms, we can pull a basic definition together:

Social media are web-based communication tools that enable people to interact with each other by sharing and consuming information.
Brief Profile: Sohail Butt
I am a man of 58 years old and having an experience of almost 30 years of Business Management of Pharmaceutical & Nutraceutical Industries of Pakistan. Presently I am having my own Consulting Company " AIMMS CONSULTING" and extending my services as Management Consultant to different companies of said sectors.
I am of the conviction that learning is never ending and have a habit of learning new ideas about my favorite subject about Social Media Marketing.
I really appreciate highly the efforts of my respected dynamic & highly competent Prof Randy Hlavac and enjoyed the course material and videos presentation of this course. Mind blowing conceptual approach was adopted especially in the areas of basic conceptual knowledge of Social Medial Overall it was my superb experience of learning.
SUGGESTION:
MY PERSONAL HUMBLE REQUEST, Please make also the important components of course material as a part of this Certificate with % AGGREGATE so that it has a much more worth & impact for the courses participated.
Exciting that such an esteemed US marketing university - Northwestern University -- has offered this social media marketing specialization.  This opening module -- What is Social -- does an excellent job of defining social media marketing and the accelerated rate of change, trends, available technologiesthat is happening here.  I love the conceptual work paired up with practical applications and examples to maximize learning.  Randy Hlavac and the presenting team of experts do a great job.  As a late-deafened marketer, I am particularly happy that a transcript and captions are offered with each video for me.  Kudos to Northwestern and Coursera for making these necessary ADA accommodations.  I want to call out Experts (1) Judy Frank presentation on "Media: Chaos to Clarity" and (2) Stan Smith's "Position as Authority Brand" as must-see.  As the lead presenter, Randy does an excellent job guiding each student through the process.  I would highly recommend this specialization and this specific "What is Social?" course.  Well done.
Great course. Looking forward completing whole specialization.Additionally, the course shares and recommends tools which are helpful if you are doing social media marketing or eager to become one.
Northwestern University delivers a state-of-the-art Specialization in Social Media Marketing. Professor Randy Hlavac is a Digital Marketing 'Top Gun'. Throughout the course, Randy builds on his extensive experience as an accomplished Social Media Marketing expert and share the latest research and best-practice in the field of 'All things Social'.  I can't recommend this introductory course enough. If you are serious about taking your social media strategy to the next level well then this program is for you. The best thing about this course is that it offers students around the globe with the opportunity to get their hands dirty with practical assignments. Another plus is the fact that this specialization contains frameworks and models that are highly applicable to organisations of all sizes - from start-ups to Fortune 500 companies. Thank you Professor Randy and Northwestern University for such a well-rounded specialist program!
I was surprised by this class. I knew the capstone was the development of the persona for the entire specialization but the final assignment blind sided me.*I am not ready to create that much metrics because this is an actual company being launched, and the costs of this musr be counted thoroughly. I can't just toss the accounts away at the end. All I  all, I loved the course.*I stand somewhat corrected. Turns out I was blindsided due to inadvertently skipping over second, peer focused assignment in wk 3. Once i caught that(whilst waiting for notification of completion),  the trepidation faded somewhat.
Its crazy how things fell into place when I signed onto this course. My friend was starting up a grassroots organization to help provide proper PPE to local farmworkers. I utilized a the resources in this class to build a growing facebook community to support its growth. After identifying the needs of the organization, this class helped aide in narrowing down the right marketing flow. Our organization has grown largely since then and we are currently turning it into an actual non profit! Thanks to this course!!!
I really loved this course for three reasons: (1) It was clearly designed for an online audience (as opposed to a recording of a University lecture); (2) it offered good, relevant, clearly-presented information in a concise way, including guest lectures by topical experts; and (3) it was relevant and useful to my current business needs. It met and possibly exceeded my expectations. I was able to glean helpful information and sources without being overwhelming in terms of time expenditure.
i can say its the best online course ever! for beginners in digital marketing it will be amazing for them. it's very organized and Mr Randy very very helpful and focusing on points related to our real life and we could use it while studying the course. quiz and peer assignment very very helpful and related to the course and helped me to work on my project and put real steps in it and improve it.so Thank you for being helpful and giving this course with all those organized information.
For a beginner learning about the dynamics to define what exactly is social, this course is eye opening.  I wished I would have taken this course earlier.  There is still more to learn but this first step sets the foundation on which you can continue to build your knowledge and expertise.  Gives you the background on what is social and then ends with the start of directly engaging with the social networks on a professional level.  I look forward to the next set of courses.
PT-BR : Aprendi pontos importantes que não sabia e gostei muito da abordagem do instrutor e da dinâmica das tarefas. Sem dúvidas é um ótimo curso.EN : I learned important points that I did not know and I really enjoyed the instructor's approach and the dynamics of the tasks. No doubt this is a great course. I learned important points that I did not know and I really enjoyed the instructor's approach and the dynamics of the tasks. No doubt it's a great course.
This course has given me a whole new-level of confidence in presenting my skills across the interview panel. The role of social media manager is not just going to social media schedulers and posting content. This course delves deep into the actual meaning of "BEING SOCIAL". The guests called by Randy Sir in this MOOC, are huge assets in terms of learning new things. If anybody wants to understand social media from grassroots level, then this is the course.
Great introduction! I really feel like I learned a lot and am looking forward to going through with the rest of the courses in this specialization. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the peer-reviewed assignment. I felt I didn't really get enough peer feedback. Other than that, I thought everything else was great. The videos were very informative. It didn't take up a lot of my free time and I felt a sense of accomplishment when the course was completed.
In this course I gained a cursory fundamental understanding of the difference between Social marketing and media, as well as the different moving parts and aspects of each. I was given a substantial toolkit to increase my hands on use of the various assets. I think most of all the diverse knowledge base provided by the faculty was most helpful. Whether you're a novice or frequent consumer of social media this course brings added value to your experience.
I am very happy with the Course content.After first module my understanding of using Social media for my benefit is bit improved.I am sure after Specialization i ll be able to run my business well. I am an Artist and need social/digital marketing to get noticed. Professor Randy Hlavac speech is clear and thoughtful which is very easy to follow for non native English speakers. I am glad i am his student and looking forward to learn more.
It's a great course and learned a lot. The instructor Mr. Randy Hlavac is a great instructor who explained everything in a very clear manner. Looking forward to the next Mooc as well.Just a small suggestion, I think some of the examples and material used in the course are little bit outdated as per the current context. I believe it is last reviewed and updated in 2018. It's better if Cousera can look into this.
I learned so much in this course and it was very enjoyable and interactive, after I started attending the sessions. I got more active in my social media space and started to think hard about what I wanted to do with it than fun. I want to use this as a platform to earn a living and work as a consultant . this is truly my journey to accomplishing that dream. so delighted! and excited about this journey
Loved it.  I learned a lot of new information and found it helpful to be reminded of things I already had a handle on but had not kept up with.  I wish I had had the opportunity to increase my final grade by being prompted to engage in more discussion boards before finishing the course.  I was surprised it was over when it was over, a final review page or check list type of thing would have been nice.
This was a very interesting Module, but I really found it beneficial in confirming that I was on the right track with accomplishing my objectives by taking the Social Media Marketing Specialization. Through this MOOC, I was absolutely amazed at what information is available and looked forward to continuing on with the Specialization to find out what tools can be utilized to access this information.
What is Social? It is a modern, dynamic course with relevant information about social media. I have no experience in handling social media strategies but this course inspires me to follow all its recommendations to venture into the management of social networks and create my own brand or work alongside a creative team in social media. Thanks to Instructor Randy Hlavac of Northwestern University.
Great course for beginners in Social Media Marketing, I found it very useful as it helps understand what actually social media are and what kind of media and trends are out there. This helped me as I could refine my business idea and start defining my social media strategy since the very beginning. It also provides know-how on tools and it helps you sign up to them so you can start right away.
I really enjoyed in doing this course. Such an insightful content it has. Professor have explained everything in detail, which anyone and everyone can understand. Post this course I have gained a lot of knowledge about social media marketing, content and the target group/ consumers we engage with. Thankyou for giving me such an amazing opportunity to learn so much.
This course opens up the world of social media to the learner. It will introduce you to the various types of social communities, how they form and what their purpose is. You will be introduced to the tools and concepts that you will use in subsequent courses in the specialization and eventually professionally as you begin to practice the skills learned.
What a awesome experience learning with Prof. Randy Hlavac during 4 weeks of intensive learning, assignments and quiz at the end of each courses. I gained a lot and I will make sure I develop more on everything I have learnt here in order to become Social Media Marketing geek in no distance future. Many thanks Coursera, many thanks Prof. Randy Hlavac
This course has provided me high quality of contents, tips and knowledge I had miss-understood about Social Media before taking the classes. Now I feel like a kind of expert in the issue of Social and an big enthusiast in the task of "identify as specific as you can the market you really want to develop". What amazing assessment! Thank  you!
the course was really Useful to find your target market.  How to find your High value market, communities related to that. Where these people meet what they discuss was really informative. It will definitely help me to grow my Business with the help of Social media.I personally Thank Professor Randy Hlavac and Coursera team for guidance.
This course brought me back to my love of going to school and how much I enjoyed a professional education. I am applying what I learned since day 1 of the course and will continue to look over the materials because I see the immediate practical use of the information provided in throughout the course.I can't wait to start my next class.
This was an absolutely excellent course. I began implementing what I learned into my social strategy immediately, and my Klout score jumped from below 30 to 50 within a matter of days. The professor is very good at explaining everything clearly, and the other experts he brings in really add value. I can't wait for the second course!
Wonderful course. For a person like me, who is new to Social Media Marketing, this is a great course to start with, as it provides a holistic view of what social is, and how to progress in the field of social media marketing, along with the current market trends, the strategies to build and so on. Got to learn so may new things!
As a self-taught marketing specialist, I decided to take this specialization and course by Professor Hlavac from Northwestern University and I don't regret a thing! The knowledge I have about social media marketing is starting to be systemized and I can clearly understand some aspects of the social I had no idea where they fit.
I enjoyed this course especially how it forced me to tweet and socially interact, which is something I hate doing.  I also appreciated some of the course requirements that asked me to sign up for social metrics like Hootsuite and Klout.  I knew about them but would have never signed up if not asked to in this course.  Thanks!
Very good class for getting my feet wet. I have the ability to tweet, post and opine in response to blog posts but I feel that for my business I need to have an understanding of Social Media. I intend to use the tools to build my professional persona and gain larger understand of Social. Looking forward to the next MOOC.
Great course. The structure of the lessons and the assignments are really geared towards working you towards the ability to get the entire scope of preparing a marketing strategy. I've taken some of these courses out of order and think that the assignments really give you an effective framework to make future decisions.
This course was immensely helpful in how it connects students with resources and information that allow them to stay up-to-date on all things social. Instructor Hlavac gave us all of the information we might need in a way that was easy to digest as well as making sure we had the tools necessary to succeed in the course.
Excellent course with logically organised content clearly presented to the student. Quizzes and assignments were fair and easy to understand and at the completion of this course I feel that I have a better understanding of social media marketing and a few new tools and skills to execute a plan in a more productive way.
This course is a great introduction to social media, you learn things that you would never imagine and they help you to understand the basis of social media, first course is more like a general idea of "what is social?", so in order to have a full understand of how it works you will have to take all the specialization.
Thank you very much for providing the access to this amazing course on Social topic. It helps a lot in enhancing the understanding of the definition of social and also provides multiple cool way to promote social skills. What I appreciate even more is that there are a bunch of tool kits introduced in this course.
I learned a lot about the importance of Social in this new digital world. Some of us already know the impact that Social Networking sites have, but ignore virtual communities. But now thanks this course, I not only focus on identifying my high value market, but also on growing my presence on virtual communities.
A wonderful introduction into social media and how it can be used for promotional purposes. Prof Randy Hlavac is clear and insightful, the course content is engaging and interesting, and the assignments are meaningful. Really enjoyed doing this course and definitely considering taking up the other related MOOCs.
Social means seeking or enjoying the companionship of others; friendly; sociable; gregarious. of, relating to, connected with, or suited to polite or fashionable society: a social event. living or disposed to live in companionship with others or in a community, rather than in isolation: People are social beings
Helped me get my head around this inescapable part of marketing strategy and justify placing it at the center of my thinking. Even as the marketing world acknowledges social as legit, there is still a tendency at the agency level and by clients (especially finanicial service client) to treat it as an add-on.
Excellent course for a near-beginner in the marketing world! I have had experience with various social media platforms, but this course really opened my eyes to the full range of capabilities these channels hold! I'm very excited to continue my journey with social media marketing and grow professionally!
Thank you for the great overview of Social Media. I learned a great deal about the different levels in the pyramid that will help me to target the right audience. This course showed me that there is more than throwing darts in the dark and hoping to hit something. It is a great first step of knowledge.
I signed up for the full Social Media Marketing specialization knowing little what to expect. I am so thrilled that I did as I have learned so much already and can't wait to continue. Professor Hlavac is clearly brilliant in his field, but he is also humble, clear and encouraging.  Love the class!!
I enjoyed the course. I learned in a very nice and easy way the basics of what is Social, I also received very useful tools and information to start building my social networks.I want to tank professors Randy Hlavac and professor Judy Franks for sharing with us their knowledge and experience.
As a social media user and new to marketing in this area, this course offered a great "get started" overview and actionable steps to start working on a plan to reach my high value market.  I would recommend this course, particularly the paid version, highly.  It's worth the investment so far.
I feel really grateful that i have the chance to be one of the student on this site, and i think this course have positive effect on my life and people around me, i decided to make it more useful to benefit not only myself but also the society. Thank you again! and BEST WISHES  to Coursera!
An exhaustive introduction to the world of social! The course builds on the basic understanding of social media and platforms that one has by virtue of being part of a social network.The insights on the trends, the numbers and the evolution of the social world are indeed, very enlightening!
This is a very powerful tool to start in social media marketing. This course gave me some tools and knowledge about the high value market and the sites they are interesting in. It´s so important to know the value of influencers and how to use them to promote your product. thanks very much.
I think that MOOC 1 offers an excellent framework for Social, even for those who are rather new to the concept of using it as a tool, whether for personal or corporate branding. Also, it's a  good set up for the succeeding MOOCs where students are taken deeper into the realm of social.
I really feel privileged to be able to take these high quality course on line.  They are a great help to an additional role I have been given at work (taking on marketing for a small business).  Thank you for making this available and doing such high quality content and presentation.
Excellent course and resources.  For those you don't know much about social media, it explains what it is and the importance of it.  For those who use social media, it helps put everything into perspective so we can understand the important role it plays in marketing strategies.
It's a great introduction to the world of social. It provides a sound theoretical base and the best part provides actionable inputs for enhancing your online professional persona. Recommended to candidates who want to understand social and its effectiveness as a marketing tool!
This was a very nice overview of the components of Social Media. Although I knew a lot of it already, there were some wonderful gems of information and an introduction to tools with which I was not yet familiar. Thank you for a wonderful intro! Definitely worth my time.
I t is a good course to learn the basics about social media and how important is to develop your persona  in social media.    Here you don't learn what you think you know,  you really get more information about the importance of social media  in this generation.
The instructor is top notch, the professionals invited are the best in their speciality. The structure and content deliver the purpose. I am honestly very excited to have found this opportunity to retool myself professionally, and open doors for a better future.
The flow and content of this course is fantastic. It's engaging, thought-provoking and really keeps your interest throughout.It is evident that the course leaders have a real passion for this subject and it's an infectious trait for the learners too.
I am not sure what i thought when i registered for this course. but I have learned a lot of new information. More importantly, I am glad I am being made to do the assignment. Its making me think and act, which is a step beyond what I I had imagined.
I really liked this course, because it covered all the necessary basics one needs to be familiar with in order to start getting involved with social media marketing! Professor Randy Hlavac is a very good lecturer and explains concepts really well :)
immensely insightful and beautifully put together.The only thing i found lagging is the fact that the course doesn't have enough peer graded assignments on offer or quizzes for that matter which makes it a little less challenging and competitive.
Really great information made easy to digest.  This MOOC is full of useful insights into the world of social and what is means to marketing.  Really worth the time for anyone trying to make a social presence for their business or other venture!
The course communicates very clearly its intent to help students build marketable business skills and they do not under-perform. It also stimulated me to stay with the multi-course program which is something that I had not seen in other MOOCs.
I had such an amazing time throughout MOOC1, Socials. The Facilitators have been so helpful in breaking down what the course entails. Thanks to Prof. Randy Hlavac and Prof. Judy Ungar Franks for everything, including other Guest Facilitators.
A fantastic introduction into social networks and virtual communities! The Internet neophyte can begin with very little intimidation and come out with a larger picture on how information and content value is processed among online communities
for a beginning level of marketer, I found this course very helpful. It game me a general idea about social media and resource collecting method. I will recommend this course to anyone who want to learn social media marketing systematically.
I am new to social media and using social media for business purposes.  Seems timely, has me actually doing social media activities, and has focused on a goal of my choice.  It seems to be quite useful, and I will be taking the next modules.
Very informative course. I love the way the course has balanced theoretical knowledge and practical application of the same. Happy to make the decision to join this course. Thanks Prof. Randy Hlavac, Northwestern University Team & Coursera
Excellent source of information to create a professional profile for yourself on social media channels. Helps you to better understand how to focus on a specific market and create a plan to become an influence to expert in that market.
I'm very eager to complete the next courses to complete this specialization. I really enjoyed the freedom of being able to learn at my own pace, the videos, lectures and forum make everything so much easier than what I expected.
The course was well organized, but I wanted to see more pictures and illustrations because the picture
worth a thousand words.

in conclusion, the course was fantastic...and very thanks for the Professor, Kiron and Coursera
Brilliant introduction to social media based marketing and modern marketing in general. Engaging lectures and presentations as well as varied and enlightening reading. Would really recommend and cannot wait to start MOOC 2.
It's very serious lesson, I really enjoy it. Just I get some confusion at some point I would like to know if I can have some help of someone , a teacher or an expert? to solve my confusion and go further in my learning...
A very relevant and helpful course. The instructor, Prof.Randy Hlavac, explains the concepts behind social media activities in a simple and easy to understand way. I enjoyed learning from this course. Highly recommended.
Interesting propositions I must have missed in my contemplations and perceived knowledge of Social. Now I can settle down and have a deeper understanding of the subject and the new planet called Social Media Marketing.
I have paid a tremendous amount of money to get social media help for my company, not knowing what persons was doing, I was at a great disadvantage, this course help me, and was worth my investment.ThanksJames Savoy
As a student who has not learned anything about social, I think this course is thought-provoking. It helps me in building a framework about social, which can be a good foundation for me to learn knowledge in depth.
The course was very insightful. I now have a new approach to using social media. Thanks to Prof Havlac, Judy Franks and other amazing guest lecturers on this course. If you are starting you, this course is for you.
I'm really interested in where this course is going because I want to start my own channel/business soon. Thank you for helping me out. I feel like I have a better organization as to how to pursue this profession.
Absolutely in love with the format.  Gained extremely valuable information that got my wheels turning on some other things I'd like to get involved in.  Clear, concise and well-structured.  Definitely recommend!
Great course where you not only understand how to use social, but where to use it, how to analyze and engage with the community, and more. Randy created an awesome course with multiple methods of engagement.
It has enhanced my understanding of social media as well as virtual communities. Even introduced me to profiling. I run my first successful facebook post boost and really made a difference!! Glad I did this.
This course is worth the time and money! Everything is perfect about this course.It has enriched my knowledge about social media.Will definitely continue with the rest of the courses of this specialisation.
I learned a lot and interact with the community. I recommend everyone who are interested in Social Media or Marketing to do this course. Now I have another eyes to use social media.Thank you, Coursera! :)))
Phenomenal information and terrific perspective.  Coming from a total newbie aspect I feel blessed that this was the course I chose.  Thank you everyone for all the hard work involved in making this course.
Very well structured with valuable tools to be using as we develop a social presence. A lot of theory, but as an introductory course (for the Social Marketing Specialization) covers all the basics we need.
Very interesting course! Didn't really understand the differences in a social and virtual community so well worth the time. Also, I've been a little timid about Twitter and now feel more at ease with it.
Loved this course. It provided a wonderful framework for thinking about the social media landscape. I found it had just the right combination of videos, slides and articles to keep me engaged. Thank you!
I personally would like to suggest the Social Media Marketing course. It's been very useful, and understanding all about social media. Love the teachers and who organized this course. thank you so much
I highly recommend this course. Learning the fundamentals of social with professor Randy certainly help me understand in-depth entire body of what it means to be social on various digital platforms!
Found the courses to have been very helpful and informative. I know how to implement it to not only my brand but also help other's who may need some advise in how to start theirs. Thank you again!!
I was surprised at how effective and thorough the course content was. I feel like I've learned a great deal and I will be able to help boost my effectiveness at my job as a Communications Manager.
I have learned a lot about social media and social media marketing. I am an avid user of web technologies, but now I see Social Networks and Virtual Communities differently. This is a good course.
I enjoyed this class and found it challenging. I am new to the social media world and found this class to be a great motivator to sign up for new social media sites I have never considered before.
Amazing course which open you upto to more avenues to build your personal brand. It helped me realise that you can be an influencer not only in social media sites but also through other mediums !
This course covered great information and tied everything in. I'm excited to dive deeper in the knowledge. I found the assignments thought-provoking and helped to narrow down my focus even more.
Amazing information given, with great assignments to supplement my learning. Will definitely advise anyone interested in learning more about digital marketing to check out this course and more!
It was awesome! It gave me great insight into the social pyramid and how relevant virtual communitiesare to a social strategy and the social success of your brand! Looking forward to the MOOC 2
Easily formatted and filled with a wide range of topics that we've heard little about yet rarely understood until utilizing this course! If you wish to stay ahead of the technology, take this!
It was amazing the way that the theme was approached, specially because I have some difficulties about the subject, but could learn and interact easily. Thanks you all who made that possible.
a very useful and helpful guide to starting your online social media specialization. this course teaches you how to use the theoretical part of the strategy and applying it for your benefit.
Randy Hlavac is an excellent professor with a plethora of experience in the digital marketing industry, and I am glad and honored to have such a professor who is willing to bring in experts.
Very engaging and thoughtfully presented overview and introduction to the course offerings.  Had my first big AHA moment which completely validated my decision to enroll/pay for the course.
I will give it 5 stars. Heads up! I´m really not a social web geek. But this course does unveil content that is very useful and well focused for both the newby as well as the social nerds.
I highly recommend this course. I have very little background knowledge on social media and I am using the tools acquired on this online course to help my small business grow. Five stars!
The course is extremely well structured. They are doing a great job of making the course useful by creating real life assignments and ensuring users implement learning in the real world
It is a very exciting course! I was pleasantly surprised when i saw that the professor has updated the course throughout these years! Love it and can not wait to see what follows next!
@What is Social? made me aware how the social media works and enhanced me to use the social network sites appropriately as marketing tools. Thank you Dr. Randy Hlavac for the lectures.
Loving the course so far. It really goes in depth on every aspect related to social media nowadays. I very much recommend it if you are planning on starting a career as an influencer.
Absolutely eye opening and definitely a valuable resource for anyone interested in not only growing their own networks but also for anyone who is involved in social media in any way.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, it was gripping and gave me a lot of insight into what I need to do to get a strong base and make a presence in the social media and digital world.
I loved this course. I'm in the field but have had no formal training. I feel like I have a  handle on concepts behind social media and it will help me be more successful in my job.
Absolutely delightful! Whether you are a professional looking to expand your horizons or just a noob looking to see what is going on - this course keeps you engaged and adds value.
I learned a lot of things that will help me to increase my engaging in social media, and right now i'm doing a lot of changes that i know will be positive to my pages and content.
Amazing how much you can learn from this course and apply to your personal and business life. I highly recommend this course to anyone looking to get into social media marketing
This course was challenging and interactive.  If you use any kind of social media, promote anything is the business work or non for profit, this is the one class that is a Must.
The course is very well organized, instructors are top notch! I only registered for one course, but the level of instruction was such that I signed up for the specialization.
Very impressive introduction to the importance and impact of Social in our lives and in our choices. Mandatory to those who aspire to do any kind of marketing at this level.
"What is Social" course is suitable for learning the vague concept of the "social media". There are also assignments to study it practically, so it is a meaningful course!
I was very impressed with this course and even though I'm already in the Social Marketing field, it gave me a new way of thinking and approaching my thoughts about social.
This course was really helpful for me to understand how socials work differently, and through the assignment I came across so many new things about my own social market!
Very much enjoyed the course. Lots of useful information, visual, interviews with experts and up to date. Looking forward to the rest of the specialization. Great job!
It is a good course to formalize many concepts that you probably already knew and to incorporate some new ones with the help of influential people in social networks.
Constructive and informative learning about the world of social media. Insightful about the many tools that are at our reach in order to reach a high value audience.
This Course is excellent and especially Prof Randy had put in a lot of effort to give this amazing series of Mooc on Social marketing. I highly recommend these Moocs
As a newbie to Social, this provided me with a broad understanding of Social. Great professor and guest professors made the course very engaging.  Highly recommend.
A really an Excellent Course that gives us tools and introduction to understanding the digital world and I look forward to completing all courses for Specialization
Very interesting! Good introduction to the Specialization. I'm definitely looking forward to learning more. The proferssor is really good at letting us want more!
This was an amazing course that gives you a great basic understanding on Social Media. It will change the way you think you know Social. I truly recommend it. =D
Fantastic, well presented class. I have really enjoyed this course so far and look forward to continuing to strengthen my social marketing skills and knowledge.
Professor Randy Hlavac explained the fundamental tenets of practical, effective social media marketing thoroughly! Looking forward to complete all the courses.
Very interesting course with full of essential information with clear structure. Only problem is the assignment with Klout because the website no longer exist.
I really enjoyed "What is social". It gave me clearer and better information about things in social i was not aware of, despite my expertise in Social Media.
EXCEPTIONAL ... Its just needs to update some of the social media tools - recommended. Some of them have been phases out and introduce the relevant ones ...
I really love the content and all this course. All the tools are very useful. The learning process develops many skills for the Social Media and Marketing.
Good course. However It's only a stepstone for the specialization, it's essencial to continue wth the next courses if you really want to succeed in Social.
It's a great course that I can learn fundamental knowledge and skill set of Social! It's going to be very useful when I engage with business audience!!
This is an excellent course to help gain the basics of social.  The course is specific, fast-paced, and designed for learners of all types.  GREAT job!
The hands-on experience throughout this MOOC will teach how to effectively have an impact through social media platforms toward your target audiences.
This course is great, especially for someone who want's go get some wider picture of Social. Nice way to start from ground up, which I plan to do!
it was a very good, well detailed and structured introduction to social media marketing. i cant wait to enroll in the rest of the specializations
This was a great introduction course. I have been researching social media for quite some time and most of the information learned was new to me.
Randy Hlavec is an inspiring instructor. I also loved the content of the course and look forward to continue in the Social Media specialization!
Learned so much in this class. Social is the talk of the town everywhere you go. This class will help you to be a leader in those conversations.
This was great! i learned a lot. I'm eager to put it into action. Best part was learning about new social marketing tools I never knew existed.
Very eye opening for me in a market I have no idea about, Very friendly and helpful professor along with the members that have helped him out!
This is a great course for someone who is  trying to get a handle on social media marketing and take their career or brand to the next level.
I really enjoyed this module. I found it very enlightening and clear. Professor Hlavac has made a difficult subject accessible and enjoyable.
Decent course. Hope I can continue studying the courses for free, since in my country is hard to make money and pay for these services... :S
Great for people who want to explore the landscape of social media and how it is affecting lifestyles, branding, marketing and storytelling.
Very informative and an up-to-date course! It's amazing how it explains and dissects the broad topic of social media into a social pyramid.
Great intro to the topic.Increased my understanding of the different types of social networks and how they can each be used for marketing.
I love this course. I have learned a lot about Social Media Marketing in four weeks. I'm excited about the next four courses and Capstone.
Northwest is an amazing school for markrting and the courses do have given me many useful cutting-edge knowledge which can help me become
this is a very useful and practical class which  give me a lot of inspirations,it's good for people who want to have own online business.
Randy is a great professor and I enjoyed being one of his students, he provided useful information and was really helpful. Thanks Randy!
This course helped to understand the real meaning of social. I came to know many new sites and technologies helping today to be social.
Really good stuff. I learned about different useful tools that I had only heard of but understood the concept. I recommend this course.
This course was very straight forward and taught much about Social Media Marketing. Lectures and support material are very well done.
It is always a challenge to define oneself and when it comes to my personal brand, this course helped me to deepen my specific market
Great content - well supported by data, experts, readings. Tools are are helpful and enable us to achieve real life social marketing.
I enjoyed this course. I learned so much more than I ever thought possible. Thank you for this opportunity to improve my skill-sets.
A very professional course dictated in a easy and quick way to help the student to get the starting knowledge and skill to succeed.
This course is perfect if you don't know where to begin! It really helped me understand what I didn't know and what I need to know.
I am so happy to learn social marketing from sitting in my home. Lock Down wont stop us from learning . Thank you sir and coursera
Amazing course. Opened my mind to the huge possibilities of Social. Great teacher in Randy, it was fun to complete What is social.
this course at the end was very helpful to as I didn't know a lot of sites that can help me with managing my time & also my social
Thank you very much for the convenient and timely insight on digital marketing. I have gained new skills and hoping to add more.
I love this course and this course has motivated me to achieve more in the coming years ahead. I will take up the entire course.
Useful and easy to understand! My favorite guest is Stan Smith. He explains things clearly and easily to understand. Recommend!
to be honest i thought i wouldn't learn anything and i felt so bored but i did learn a lot thank you for such an amazing course
Great introductory course, gave me great insight on the topic of social media. There's a great shift taking place in marketing!
It was a good opportunity that I have learned these beneficial lessons. Social is bigger than I have thought about. Thank you.
The course was superb..! It gave good knowledge about the social media as well as the digital media advertising & marketing..!
A+ on first MOOC as I learned a lot of techniques and other things I had not even thought of before signing up for the class.
It is a very practice course - easy but informative content gives me great insight and engage my interest to the next course.
Access to Northwestern's faculty and participation in a course geared exactly to my needs? Brilliant. I absolutely recommend.
A very informative course which aims at hands-on developing your professional persona and social marketing skills. Loved it!
Excellent tools delivered in this course, which will help me to continue developing in the labor field and in my profession
The course helps me a lot to explore my view in different aspects.And, i can make use of my time to learn more from others.
This one particular is not the best course, but it is just the beginning of wonderful experience in social media marketing!
I have learned new concepts and tools. The schedule is perfect to combine with work, easy to learn, and excellent experts.!
Very informative overview of various forms of social and how they each fit in the larger world of social media marketing.
Excellent course!  It really is delightful and fun to engage in social marketing and to have help and advice in doing so!
Love the instructor. This class is so practical and offers lots of tangible tips and tricks that can be used right away.
Simple and to the point with relevant information. This course helped me ask the right questions and analyze my methods!
A great course providing trends in social media today compared to years ago, and what we need to do today as a business.
Probably the best course I've taken on Coursera thus far. Looking forward to completing the rest of this specialization
Excellent, Profesor randy Hlavac is amazing. I like a lot the way who the course has been designed. 100 % recommended.
it is a useful course. it helps me to classify the members of social media. and i learned how to target my consumers.
great course, very well planned out and gave me social marketing tools that i never knew existed, highly recommended.
Very informative in the subject material for an introductory course. I am looking forward to the next set of courses.
A very good introductory course to the world of social media, very well structured providing invaluable information.
Its a really helpful course and understanding this course will give us a great advantage in socila media marketing.
Great! I understood a lot and I've even started a virtual community to maintain my companies loyal target market C:
This course gave me a great overview of how social is changing the way we market in a digital world. Good course!
i thought i knew what is social, but i realized how fool i was, now i feel more secure of my self and what i know
Was a excellent opportunity to learn and share information about social media and social tools. Thanks  for all.
Great course!  Very helpful with tons of practical tools and information to apply immediately in the real world.
Great real life examples on applying social media and social marketing. Highly recommend on taking this course!
This course was an eye opener! Never knew "Social" was so deep! Thanks to Randy Hlavac for making it seem easy.
It's great and i was enlighten and i learned a lot. This was exciting and i was never bored by every lectures.
this course is really great and understandable its good for build a strong base to keep going on the right way
Amazing, I learned so much and I'm so excited to continue on with my education in social marketing strategies!
Extremely interactive, fairly challenging and interesting for someone comfortable with social and communities.
Excellent course!  Very well presented with very valuable information - thank you very much I enjoyed it immen
Its r amazing course my holistic view about social media is changed after this course, i recommend it to all.
Very informative, mid class the curriculum change. This just shows how fast pace the social market really is.
Excellent course for people who would like to equip themselves with the knowledge of social media management.
I am only half way through this course but I am loving it! I look forward to continuing my specialization :D
No I know that there's not only social networks to use as source of information for any marketing campaign.
Exceeded my expectations! Great course and I plan on taking the rest of the courses in the Specialization.
The teacher is very easy to follow and I really enjoy the useful course information that helps in my job.
A very good overview of social media, marketing strategy, and a great introduction to both for beginners!
Excellent information and detailed instruction for entry into Social Media Marketing. Highly recommended!
I learned a lot in just a few days. I hope you also give more practical examples through out the course.
One of the best courses I've ever enrolled to. Full of meaningful subjects, great classes and exercises.
I really enjoyed this course. I look forward to learning more about Social Media in this Specialization!
excellent overview... very good about introducing how to engage socially online.  Great place to start!
It is very suitable for expanding knowledge about social media. It is very good and easy to understand
This course is a very good introduction to what social is all about.So much learnt.Highly recommended.
Relevant information, relevant knowledge! No more than he promises, but no less! I can only recommend!
Learned in depth details about Social Media Marketing and many new ideas to implement in my business.
It's a great introduction and opened my eyes to resources I don't think I would have found otherwise.
Brilliant course with some great insights on how to build a strong social platform for your business.
I have learned a lot already. I had no idea how much there is to embrace with managing social media!
Excellent, well presented course with a lot of interesting material perfect fit for online learning.
Very informative and easy to follow course. Learned quite a bit about a lot of sites I already use!
I am really enjoying this!!! You learn exactly what you need for a great digital marketing strategy
Very interesting course, provided me with great tools needed to boost my knowledge of social skills
Great insights and great start. Thank you, Mr. Hlavac, for extremely helpful tips from your guests!
I liked the content. It was very useful to begin with. Will continue the balance later. Thank you.
This is a very good course for getting a basic understanding of social networks and communities.
This was such an eye-opener, I honestly see social media in another site thanks to this course!!
Thoroughly enjoyed the course and learnt how important social media is in a ever-changing world.
I really enjoyed this First Course. I think it will help alot with my work and my own business..
It's a amazing course. The content is fully fulfilled with effective information. Learnt a lot!
It has been a wonderfull experience learning this course. Just waiting to get to the next level
Great introduction in the impact of social media and how you can use it for marketing purposes.
very hands on and deals with the latest social media technology both current  and up and coming
The best course i have seen online about understanding your choice of mass media communication
A MUST FOR THE PEOPLE WHO ARE LOOKING FORWARD TO GAIN AN EDGE IN THE SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING !!
Excellent information, current, videos are engaging. Great course to start the specialization.
While I learned so much, I realize that there is so much more I need to understand and grasp!
A perfect courses for everyone that to want start or just know more about of Marketing World
Very valuable content, very good methodology of learning, appealing speakers, easy to follow
Great course I'm only up to week 5, but I've learn much more than I thought I would already.
a very good course with great videos and great insightsallready i see a change in my company
A great beginning course to understanding social media and marketing. I highly recommend it!
Overall the course was interesting and i have earned a diverse knowledge of digital medium.
Great introduction, even I have not  learned any course like this can also be good at this.
I like that this course requires you to actually do something active instead of only theory
Great course with great professor... Just the right content for today's world of social...
a very good course- really up to date and provides the student with practical information
I thought the course was quite informative with good resources and positive interactions.
This course is highly recommended. The material is well-presented and immediately useful.
Great information. This course contains subject matter not readily available on the web.
Simply the best online course I've ever taken. Great pace, very engaging, well designed.
Really great intro course! I am excited to join the next course in this specialization.
everything is well illustrated and thanks to coursera to bring such universities  here.
very practical. While also  providing an academic explanation of new marketing concepts
Great for catching up with new trend. Knowledge is organized, well analyzed and useful.
There has been so much great information on social media platforms, and how they work.
Really great for organizations. But even better for professionals such as freelancers.
it is an amazing course. It helps me alot to understand the things in the marketplace
Vision now updated with magnificent science which i hope to be useful for my society.
Excellent course - one of the best on Coursera so far.  To the point and stimulating!
This course taught me a great deal about the basics on social media, even as a low l
This was my first Coursera course and I liked it so much I enrolled in the next one.
Enjoying it so far this is my first online course and I'm loving the format so far!
Great course very informative, Im looking forward to watching my Klout score go up!
Very insightful starting point to Social Media Marketing. Looking forward to MOOC 2
Very helpful indeed! Really help to bring my career further as a digital marketer.
Great first experience for someone wanting to begin the study of social marketing.
Exciting, approachable, effective. Thank you. I will continue with the next MOOC.
This is very helpful. I hope that you’ll keep education accessible to the public.
Very useful for everyone who wants to develop their social media or work with it.
It was a wonderful inspiring experience! Thanks to teachers and fellow students!
Excellent course, gave important insights into the Social Media Marketing field.
Great overview that prepares you for the upcoming courses in the Specialization.
Insightful!!! Made me realised there's more on the social sphere than i thought.
Very informative. Delivered its promise to introduce you to Social Media as well
This course was really helpful and has helped me add up one more skill in my cv
Very helpful and didactic. Made me see things very differently about marketing.
Very insightful and informative. I look forward to advancing with every course!
Had a great learning experience under Randy. He keeps things simple and crisp.
I learned very important insights  to social media engagement for my business
it is a very good course for the people. Who want to learn for the beginning.
Love it! so grateful for this course. Really looking forward to the next one!
This was a great introduction to Social Media Marketing and very informative.
Outstanding ideas, and a great flow of thought.  Superb delivery and content.
Very useful and hands-on course!  I learned a lot and am eager to learn more!
A very good Introduction class to make a good start of learning social media
Very good course, simple to understand and has flexible schedule, thank you
Great course in introduction to social marketing. looking forward to MOOC 2
Great information and useful assignments! I'm looking forward to MOOC 2! :)
An excellent introduction to all things possible in today's digital world.
course that helped me to see another way of dealing with partner networks.
A nice and very interesting introduction to the field of Social marketing.
Great course with vibrant videos and in-depth reviews of the social media
Lot of good insights and relevant learnings applicable to the real world
Great course with relevant, actionable information.  I highly recommend!
very informational and explained well. easy for the laymen to understand
Learning a lot in my field about the importance of social. On to MOOC 2
Great introductory course that dives in what social media is all about.
It was great. I thorough enjoyed it and found what I learnt was useful.
clear lessons with solid, practical methodology. Really learning a lot.
Great course, very detailed, immersive and full of new valued content.
Very good intro to the subject looking forward for the specialization.
Excellent starting module for the course, love the way it is formatted
It was a good course and I have really benefited from Thanks Coursera
Thank you for making this. It has been a great learning experience :)
This course gives you tools to build successful marketing strategies.
Great method to take the first step in social media marketing world.
Very useful course, and I think the coming moocs will be more useful
Well organized, thoughtful, easy to follow. Useful, current content!
Strongly recommend for everyone who wants to understand social media
Have gained whole new information and love the lectures and quizes.
that was wonderful course and , i am enthusiastic for next course .
a must have course if you want to really understand what is social.
I can learn a lot which is about social marketing during the course
Excellent introduction to the phenomenon of Social Media Marketing!
Very interesting. A good introduction into social media marketing.
This course was really so useful for me, the content is very rich
Excellent course, great teachers and study material. Thank you !!
Thanks, this course was really great for my professional profile.
Very useful as an introduction for digital/social media merketing
Fantastic support, a very clear and interesting way of learning!
Week one material was great, can't wait to get started on week 2
I learned so much with this course and am so glad I took it! :)
I learned a lot about social media marketing! thanks everybody!
Incredible!!! A must for the Social Media Marketing enthusiast!
Very in-lighting for beginners and informative for starting up.
learned a lot - complete lay person so I loved the step by step
I had great learning  experience about social Media Marketing.
Wonderful learning opportunity. Learned a lot of new things!
Much more valuable information one can get with this course.
Its a nice sneak peak into social media makes you want more!
Very informative introduction to Social. Professor is great!
Some amazing techniques and hands on course. A must for all.
Fruitful course  thank you Randy ,thanks to all instructors
Very useful course. I've learned new things and all useful.
I really like it.  I thought Social network was everything.
It's good course. give me great insight about Social Media.
Great foundation course for Social Media! Amazing content.
i am very thankful to you to coursera i have learn a lot .
This is a great course with a lot of great strategy in it.
Amazing course I've learned how to effectively use social!
I'm loving this course so far. It's been very informative!
This is a really good course for baseline level informaton
Excellent!! I have learned pretty much thanks to this MOOC
I WOULD LIKE TO CHANGE THE NAMES ON MY CERTIFICATE THOUGH
This course has a lot of valuable information. It's grate
Very interesting, I learned some new concepts and skills
Fantastic! Really enjoying my specialisation. Thank you.
Good for learning in Social media, and Social Marketing.
It's the best course I ever learned online, till date..!
Excellent course with tips to get you started in social!
Great course with insights on the Social Media Landscape
Learn a lots..New & Unique About Social Media Marketing
Excellent and with updated material, highly recommended
A good course to begin exploring social media marketing
A great course about the importance of social strategy
Everything is in order. A good course to learn! Thanks
I learnt a whole lot. Thank you Randy, Judy and Smith.
Loved the course! Definitely exceeded my expectations!
Very informative and useful! will go ahead to the next
A clear understanding of Social is there in this MOOC.
It´s a great course and the Randy is a great teacher.
Everything is well defined. A very structured course.
It's great, I've added a lot of information
thank you
A great Instroduction Course, great tips and speakers
it is an amazing course i would like to take it again
not easy to understand but it's a good course indeed.
I really enjoyed this course it was very informative.
Everything is clear. Thank you for easy explanation.
Thank you, Northwest University, Thank You Coursera.
great course, excellent instructorthank you coursera
Informative and a great intro to the specialization.
Really excellent filled in the gaps in my knowledge.
I enjoyed this course look forward to learning more.
Perfect choice for beginners to learn about Social.
More than excellent actually. No word for my rating
Best introductory course on Social media marketing!
Great introductory course, can't wait for the next!
Great course, with lots of insightful information.
it's wonderful beginning to social media marketing
Great class and great introduction into this world
Great start at demystifying social media.  Thanks!
Thank you a lot for awesome up-to-date materials!
I learned a lot from this class! I will continue!
Great information is an easily consumable format.
Excellent course, material and superior teaching.
Amazing Course with great insight of social media
Very informative, interesting and easy to grasp.
Intense yet very informative. I've learned a lot
Really awesome information and very eye-opening.
Great course, Great professor! I learned a lot!
Outstanding course deliverance. Very simple too
Engaging, well-paced and practically orientated
social marketing and communication -good topic
I loved this course, I was a marketing reborn.
An eye opener to new tools and opportunities.
Very helpful course. I strongly recommend it.
Fantastic introduction to the world of social
Excellent Intro to the Social Media Marketing
Clear, straight forward and very informative
Really passionating course and great teacher
Great introduction for the greatness to come
Loved this class! Very informative and fun.
Good introduction to social media marketing
Its a awesome course for beginners like me.
Great, based on practice. A very good start
very useful and a nice introductory course.
Great basics and intro to following courses
A good overview with interesting insights.
very helful an great learning exprience!!!
The course is very interesting ans useful.
I'm excited to complete the entire course!
A good mix of information from the start.
i  like this Course it boost my knowledge
very informative and easy to understand.
I LEARNT SO MUCH FROM THIS COURSE PEOPLE
It was very interesting and educational.
A great course for introductory purpose.
Excelent topics, well explained. AMAZING
Highly formative and interesting course!
Nice introduction to Social Media Course
SO much valuable information. Thank you!
Insightful! Can't wait for the next one!
Great content and really well explained
very good intro class for social media!
Very useful to look at social marketing
Excellent! easy to follow and engaging!
Great introduction to social marketing!
Great course with vast ground covered.
all about social what you need to know
Great start to social media marketing!
Great introduction to Social marketing
Excellent introduction to social media
Great introduction of social marketing
Was a very good course for a beginner
The course is fun and well explained.
Fantastic course with great teachers.
Very informative and relevant lessons
Loved it!! cant wait to begin mooc 2!
Great course,and awesome instructor!!
Easy to follow. Very well organized.
It was really an amazing experience!
Great materials, very useful course.
Verry good social marketing courses
It's very important and interrupted
Great for learning about Networking
This course was absolutely awesome!
Very basic and userful information.
Very useful introducttion to social
Great introduction to Social Media.
Great information. I learned a lot.
Great learning thanks Randy Hlavac
Thank you for this helpful course.
Great contents, very recommended.
good introduction to social media
Awesome course from Northwestern.
Totally new Experience .. Love it
Informative, creative and smooth
very knowledgeable, loved it :)
Very nice .. I like this course
Great Course and amazing info .
such a good and helpful course
very good course and materials
Randy a great teacher loved it
Great Course for introduction.
its excellent i recommend this
very useful and clear, thanks!
very easy and helpful course.
Very helpful and educational!
Terrific course. Very useful.
great introduction to social.
very interesting and useful！
Very useful and informative!
Amazing and clarify course.
good course and interesting
A good introduction course.
Very good, I really like it
superb... very informative
The best course of world!!
Great course!!!! Thank you
This is an amazing course!
This was very educational.
Very good intro to Social.
Excellent hands on course
Absolutely amazing course
Exciting and informative.
very useful and practical
Randy is a great teacher
Great introduction class
Very interesting content
Very informative session
Its awesome and learning
This course is the best.
A great overview course.
great and useful course!
great insight  loving it
Very instresting course!
thank you i learnt alot
Incredibly beneficial!
such a great course!!!
Practical and current
it  was great course
Outstanding contents
Awesome and exellent
good tools for study
very very insightful
great starting point
I love the insights.
I like the teaching
I love this Course,
Very strong course.
it is great course
Was a nice course
Well explained 🙏
Good introduction
A great start...
worth five stars
thinks  for you
So far topnotch
I recommend it
Nice and good
Its Wonderful
simply super.
best of best
