I can't continue with the course because there are audio issues in the quizzes that no one bothers to solve. There are several threads on the forum about this issue, and no response or solution is given. It's a real shame, because the course contents are interesting and useful.
i complete all course not get certificate soo annoying this thing i dont like it !
It was definitely informative, but it would help if the medical dictionary had the words in it that they want you to look up in these lessons. Also several times I would try to look up a word with an asterisk in the PRS list and would be unable to find any part of the word in the list. My mother (who has worked in hospitals several times in her life and is familiar with medical terminology) couldn't find any part of some of those words in the list. It would also be extremely helpful if you could have some way of knowing what you got wrong in a quiz. Several times there would be a problem with several answers that seemed to be the same but with different wording, or there was a question in the beginning asking who the doctor is speaking to (the answer was not immediately clear and the question had nothing to do with medical terminology) and when it was marked wrong you had no way that I could find of discovering why your answer was wrong.
Some of the shorthand used in this course is not relevant in the clinical setting. The videos in week 6 were also cringy in the way the nurses handled the pt and how they carried out the procedures. The way they did things would be flagged immediately in the clinical setting.Overall though it was a decent learning experience to add to my knowledge of clinical terms, and is a good basic introduction to what you will hear while working in a clinical setting.
the recordings on most of the quizzes and practice quizzes were not working no matter the computer I was on or the browser I was using. Aprt from that I found the course to be very useful and interesting.
A lot less info than I would've thought, and some occasional typos and errors. The PRS list hardly helpful at all.
this is a very superficial course. it was very helpful but it lacked depth and continuity
Although this course was more aimed at nursing and medical students, and not so much at linguists, it's still a valuable resource for both. I like that I can study at my own pace in the comfort of my home. The course was very well organized, with a small hiccup where certain practice quiz content had not been covered yet but was covered in the following chapter. Good resource materials provided. Engaging videos.
Pretty good class for people brand new to the healthcare world, a little too easy for those who have been in the healthcare field for awhile and are now looking to advance further, like myself. The material could've been somewhat harder or more challenging. Some of the test questions need to be looked at and adjusted to make better sense, some of the questions were misleading in what the correct answer should be. But overall, a very good class that helped reinforce a lot of what I already knew and enlightened me on some things I did not.
Working in the healthcare simulation field for many years as a Simulation Operations Specialist this was an invaluable course. It was challenging at times and made you critically think. I was also surprised and happy about how much I already knew. I loved the audio segments laced throughout each week and access to the Clinical Terminology Dictionary and the audio pronunciations for each word or term. The video quality for some of the videos in section 6 were grainy with low resolution at times and and hard to tell what was actually happening between the nurse and the patient in the case. I had to watch it a few times. Thank you for a great course.
The course was informative and helpful.  Along with other factors, this course has made me more interested in pursuing a degree in nursing.  However, this course could have been more challenging with its quizzes.  Even then, the last week of the course challenged me to think outside of the parameters of the course.  This course lacked many medical terms and abbreviations, but as an introduction course, it was very informative.  I leave the class knowing more medical terminology than I knew before entering the class and feel more prepared to enter a medical career.
I liked the course because it allowed me to complete it in my own time. The material was well documented. I would have liked to have my questions answered in real-time and interactively maybe to others taking the course. There were some quiz questions that didn't reflect the material in the course so I got lost and had to find my own answers on the internet. Overall...I would recommend this course to anyone who would like to learn medical terminology.
Interesting, well-paced, and accessible for non-medical students like myself. I enjoyed the course and found it helpful, but would encourage a different open source to use than http://www.clinicalterminology.org/. Some words/acronyms from the course are not listed, and the longer definitions are not fully readable without registering an account. A more comprehensive final quiz/exam for review would be good, too.
This course is great for any one needing a refresher or prerequisite courses for further study. Having been a CNA for 5 years, this course was very easy, but I can see some of the inconsistencies that may be difficult for new learner's. Be sure to use the prefix dictionary, and look up terms you don't know on the internet. Remember, some terms and abbreviations are not at all facilities.
The course was well put together and had a good flow. The order of the lessons made the content fun to learn as we got to apply more and more terms as we moved along. I loved that it gave us cases to apply our knowledge as well. I feel like it could've explained what the normal ranges and consequences of abnormal readings are for certain tests and compounds found in tests.
It was a good course, but definitely I woul change the name and description of it because it´s full of Clinical abrevations and not so much terminology! Also I think there are so many others kind of activities to practice the new words, for example using scenarios in each topic will be more useful than just audios. Anyway, it was good. thank you! :D
A really great into to clinical terminology. The use of multimedia to convey different forms of information reception is really useful but I wouldn't recommend this course to anyone who is Deaf of HoH as sometimes transcriptions are inaccurate or there is a complete lack of written content to accompany verbal examples.
Excellent content and exercises that allow thinking out of the box while staying in line with course material.  One comment: Some places the written transcripts do not match with verbal pronunciations e.g in week 6 ER/ED pronounced but written as ET.  Overall course is put together very well.  Thanks to the team
Good to have this course that is really useful to learn and review those terms used in clinical settings. Hopefully, I can get a job by showing this. There is only one thing I feel a little uncomfortable that I have to pay $65 to get a real certificate. Anyways, thanks Coursera for the free online course.
I want to thank the P.H.D professor & pittsburg university for this course.. It was really funny and helpful to me ... because medical terminology is a little bit difficult, but with this amazing clarification it becomes fruitful and i really feel happy about finding out the U.S CLINICAL TERMINOLOGY !!!
This was a very useful course, it did what it said, helping me understand the terminology in a clinical setting. As well as comprehend the make up of terminology and the do'sand don't. The only issue were the audio clips were difficult to load on my tablet and had a better chance with them on a pc.
This course is very complete in terms of vocabulary and helpful for people who haven't been in a hospital or clinic before to get and idea of how these settings work.  The only thing I would have wished for this course to have a little more vocabulary is on diseases, conditions and procedures.
I've become more comfortable with medical terminology. English is my first language but I'm studying to become a medical interpreter. I wish there were less audio in the multiple choice questions. It loads very slowly. Also, feedback would be nice on the free response questions.
a little bit repetitive for the PRS list glossary terms,I mean it's good to get refreshed,but I desire that in different formats rather than a list each time,maybe can consider in a fashion of video,cartoon,etc to make the PRS list even more interesting and picturesque.
This is a great course for a non-native medical staff like me. It did, of course, not provide me all the clinical term in only 6 weeks, but it really gave me a different perception about modern medical environment and  the important of abbreviations.
I've learned the basic things of professionalism on using various types of terms in this course and as I'm a medical student,it'll be very helpful in my future career.Thanks to the instructors and all of the members of this course.
Excellent and well paced introduction to medical terminology! There were few times where the quizzed term was not covered in the previous module, but provided a great opportunity to utilize the PRS list to figure out the context
This is a worthwhile course for Clinical Terminology. I think that the PRS list is a little constrained, but it is a wonderful springboard. I will be utilizing Shirley Soltesz Steiner's book to learn about Medical Terminology.
The course added so much to my clinical experience and learning specific terms which i was not familiar with! I recommend it to all International students that don't have lectures in English.
It was super easy to access and use.  It is a course for beginning students. An advantage is that this course  focuses on terms most likely heard or seen in a clinical setting.
excellent course. would make one suggestion : week 6 clinical simulation should have questions on the side to easily correspond with video (not before the video).
This course gives you a broad area of medical terminology terms in a compact course. I really enjoyed the different scenarios presented.
The simulations and audio snips made the class much more interesting and valuable than a standard terminology class -many thanks!
Thank you very much for this learning courses. I'm was happy to learnen so much term in the clinical terminology. Karen
It was very helpful. I will visit here for help with my work for translation in the medical field whenever i need help.
The certificate could be with the hours we used to finish it course. It could help a lot. Thanks
very useful course and it helps to know the way to think and understand alot of terminology
This course is good in that it teaches the terms and then where to go if help is needed.
This course is good with a lot of simple but useful clinical medical terminologies.
It was very good course which helps me for a good career path for my future
Pretty informative intro course, but could really be updated and improved!
very good,  but  I would like to have more classes and more information.
Great course. Content was presented clearly and simulations were great.
I learned allot from this course and I 100% recommended it to anyone.
Great course for learning the basics of Clinical Terminology
perfect course to start understanding medicine
I learnt a lot of things from this course  .
Good introductory or refresher class.
Week 6    correction was not accurate
Thank you and wish you always happy.
good program and teaches alot
Very very helpful,
It  was a pleasure to take this course. I've learned that it is very important to understand the context in which an interaction occurs, I have improved my clinical language skills and  now I can understand and use the abbreviations related to patient care, treatment, diagnosis. As you've said, positive experience builds confidence! That is how I feel now! Thank you for this opportunity!
I am an IMG and recommend this course as preparation if you are going to do an observership, and English is your 2nd or 3rd language. s you may know all the medical stuff, but abbreviations are indeed a big part of the US clinical setting.

I also recommend the list of medical abbreviations published on ECFMG web page; I leave you the link https://www.ecfmg.org/echo/resources.html
This course is highly recommended not only for the beginner-medical students but also for the people who are non-medical student like me who has a husband currently on chemo therapy every other week for 6 months (ends on May 2019). I am now more familiar and knowledgeable enough with the clinical terms, mobile equipment, laboratory tests, diseases, understanding the abbreviations and route of administration and with the aid of Clinical Terminology Dictionary for BeginningInternational and U.S. Health Care Providers and the Nursing Simulation Scenario Library,  that made me easy to comprehend with the course. Thank you Valerie Swigart, PhD, RN, CRNP and her team and thanks to University of Pittsburg!
While interning at UPMC Susquehanna Muncy for the summer, this course really helped me understand what was happening in the ER at any given moment. Even though not all of the terms were used, it was helpful to know when they'd be used and under what context. I'm not a student at University of Pittsburgh, but I definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to get more acquainted with medical terminology. The course is still worth the effort because even though I didn't buy a certificate, I feel more confident working in the ER than before. Plus, I was able to finish the course in 3.5 weeks, not 6. The course is very manageable and definitely a great place for beginners to start.
I have been trying to get a job at largest hospital here in PA. I went through an interview process and I let the parties involved know that I was taking a course on medical terminology from PITT. I believe this was a plus and I would like to thank you for such a wonderful course. It was very challenging since I am not familiarized with the healthcare vocabulary but you guys made it easy with the many resources that were provided. I had fun and spent lots of time researching the internet as well. The good news is I got the job and I finished the course just in time because I will be starting my new job soon. Thank you Mrs. Swigart and Mr. Gold.
For the six weeks of class by Dr.Valerie Swigart along with Michael Gold & Zhang Liang, I have learned a lot regarding Medical Terminology. It was a great experience for me and I hope everyone enjoyed that class. Kudos to Dr. Valerie Swigart for her great desire to teach US and International Students during the six weeks. I do appreciate your method and people will continue learning from you. God bless you.          Pierre R Lafond
A very professional and accurately arranged course. Although I don't have a background in healthcare and I needed to attend the course only for purposes related to my translation profession, I found the modules very helpful and fairly arranged, so you don't have to take in too much information at once. Memorizing all the abbreviations is of course challenging, but I enjoyed the process. Oh, and the quizzes are fun to take!
Fabulous course. Emphasizes real clinical talk. Lots of audio.   Clinical cases were so interesting and felt like a real patient experiences. The mini lectures  focused on medical terminology are short and to the point. I am already using the PRS list as I am studying anatomy and physiology.  This is a must for every nursing student about to start clinical.
This course was really helpful. I took notes and will review them often to keep abreast with the medical terms. These will also help me communicate clinically with my PCP. I truly enjoyed this course!
Its really useful. I have learn many new abbreviations that I was not aware of. It's nice to have this course done.
An excellent course, seriously. The way it is structured so that you can get progressive exposure to the subject matters, terms and all, without feeling overwhelmed but being challenged enough to actually acquire a lot of new knowledge is really fantastic. All the videos are super natural and crucial to help you memorize new words in context, and also to understand the real dynamics of a US hospital, specially how nurses and doctors work in relation to their patients. I strongly recommend this course. It is a wonderful immersion, very good as a first step into the medical vocabulary. Thank you so much to all the team at the University of Pittsburgh that created it and made it available to everyone through Coursera.
Everything was very useful, educational, and was still positively challenging, and required more in depth research to acquire more understanding. I love how it had clinical simulations. and open source to write your answers in transcribing, and creating clinical notations. This  whole combination and layout of visuals, videos, audio, open source ,interactively challenges, encourages and strengthens comprehension, understanding , memory recalls.  Significantly noted that ultimately this course helped me to  to verify my own retained and new knowledge, and achieve mastery again when taking real life clinical scenario quizzes and tests.
I can't say how much I like the course. It is perfect including the content and the learning style. I am not only learned it also I gained the confidence of learning medical knowledge in a second language. I always seek an opportunity to learn something related to work in a Pharmacy too. (that is my dream job) but I didn't find one can match my goal in Coursera so far. I hope I can have one to learn to start my dream career in a pharmacy. Also, I want to thank the teacher in the videos.  She explains so well and shows so much patient to speak slowly and clearly. Thank you so much!
This is really a helpful course for all medical students, regardless of being an international or U.S students. I highly recommend this for you because of some reasons. First of all, you will be taught by a supportive lecturer who gives you step by step instructions about how to decode many abbreviations in clinical circumstances. Secondly, the course will give you a list of PRS (prefix, root, suffix) that really come in handy with my campus life. Thus, I assure you that it will useful for you too.
It was a great opportunity to learn the basics on Clinical Terminology and really helped me through a clinical experience I had the chance to do after completing the course! It allowed me to have the first and important contact with most terms and abbreviations commonly used in different scenarios of healthcare professions. Great course instructors, easy to read and comprehensible materials. Highly recommendable.
This was a wonderful course which I will recommend to others. As a non-health care professional already familiar with some medical terminology, I learnt many new terms and clinical scenarios, while reinforcing and expanding on what I already knew. I also appreciated the resources that came with the course and I will be utilizing them in the future. Thanks to Coursera and their partners for this excellent course!
An excellent course. Topics gradually increase in difficulty, building up on previous lessons so as to continue to practice and not forget the knowledge acquired in the first weeks.  I found it most useful and I was actually able to put in into practice today at work (as an over-the-phone interpreter), as I encountered the term "syncopal episode", which I learned during this course.
As someone who needed a certificate but has advance knowledge in the medical field I found this course to be well taught and guided to common/specific terms used. It as well teaches discussions between patient/provider and between healthcare workers. Great class that should greatly ease learners to the language needed to operate in the medical field.
Greetings from Colombia.This is a very good course. I learned a lot of medical terminology in English. The topics that correspond to the doctor were hard for me. Those that correspond to the nursing staff were very easy, because that is what I know how to do. Many thanks to the University of Pennsylvania for offering this free course to us.
This course is very well organized in six weeks, the information learnt over these weeks was completely useful and rewarding for the student to acquire. The videos and activities were helpful to picture all the ideas and contents studied during the course. I'm very glad to have participated in this course. Thank you very much.
Very good course for learning how to speak with medical terms. I have had no real training in the health care field, but I work at a hospital and I want to get ahead in the administrative side of health care. This was a great course for the person taking his first health care baby steps. Next step is Intro to Human Anatomy.
A very well designed training, with updated terminology, explained in a very simple and efficient manner. It has proven to be very helpful for my work and has broadened my language, allowing me to be of better assistance to the medical providers as well as to the patients. Thank you for this opportunity...
I sometimes could not open the Audio file and could not listen to answer the question, and I was so busy last month. That's why I delayed to submit the assignments. Thanks a lot to give me a chance to finish this course and encourage me. I really appreciate your kindness. I'm grateful and enjoy to learn
This course was really helpful. In a simple and systematic way i understood the topics and also took notes for my future reference. I really liked doing the practice quizzes, i could easily do the tests because this course improvises and gives a clear understanding about the clinical knowledge.
This course is very helpfully for introduce into the clinical terminology of U.S. As a foreign student, from Colombia, who speak spanish and who is learning medicine in spanish is a good contribution for my future plans to study in U.S. thank you pitrsburg university for this awesome course
The instructor speaks really clear and has a calm demeanor. I felt comfort and joyful while watching videos which increasing my motivation to learn. Quizzes after each section are useful too.This course is suitable for beginners and beneficial for whom needs review abbreviations. :)
I really like this course and recommend for those who are beginners and still want to learn clinical terminology. Thanks to this course, now I can understand some common abbreviations in hospitals. In addition, I can creat myself medical terminology from prefixes, root and sufixes.
this course is very informative and valuable , as an international medical student i did my studies in french so this course was an amazing opportunity to learn essential terms and key words in both languages . i want the thank the talented staff and the university of Pittsburgh.
One of the best courses available online to gain solid understanding of Clinical Terminology.The modules are designed to help the learner grasp the crux of the subject in a very easy manner.A big shoutout to the tutors & University of Pittsburg for making such a wonderful course.
The most interesting and useful course I have compleated so far! Now I can easily read medical notes and records, decypher some of analysis. Overall the course give you the perfect understanding of the main medical terms and diseases. Highly recomend!Thank you, dear teachers!
This course was a bit challenging but very informative. The experience and knowledge i have gained while doing this course is way beyond what i could have ever imagine.  I must extend thanks to my lectures,and all who have aided in this course being a successful one for me.
I appreciate very much for this course - I can review my knowledge with my own pace, and the exercises are very helpful for actual settings. This course is very helpful not only for students who would like to be an M.D. but also for any professionals working in a hospital.
it is so an amazing and excellent course! i am honor to have the chance to learn this course. it is  interesting and practical. it enriches my life. i am from China. it provides a new access to learn RN. i will always recommend this course to my friends and colleagues.
Very good course, it explains the definitions of the words you may hear in a hospital or clinical unit, which is very good for people who want to work as doctors, nurses, etc in the U.S. or another english-spoken hospital. I totally recommend this course!
Extremely useful to international students interested in healthcare in the U.S. and a nice review to U.S. students already employed in a clinical setting. Thank you for the time dedicated to assembling this course, especially the audio files recorded.
Medical terminology is the standardized means of communication within the healthcare industry. The importance of fluency in medical terminology, which applies to all hospital personnel, including allied healthcare professionals, cannot be overstated.
thank you your course! I have learnt huge amounts of mediacal terminology to apply for my career. it is also the motivation for me to continue to try to study and find more medical materials to improve my skills, and cure my illness people
Content presented in a clear and logical way that was simple, step-by-step and easy to learn.  I would highly recommend this course as an intro course.  There were many tools to assist you and avenues of support for additional assistance.
Dear Teachers,First of all, I'd like to appreciate it for your contributions. Even though I was struggling with it but finally I  did it already. One of the most motivation is because your lesson is really useful, exciting. Thank a lot.
This course is very useful to enhance the knowledge and skills related to the clinical terminology. Thanks to all lecturers and University of Pittsburgh that let me to enroll to this course so that i can learn a lot of materials on it.
My name is Renelus I want to say you thank you for the classes. I am very satisfy honestly I learned so lots it was wonderful even sometimes hard but at the end I got success, I am proud of me . Might God bless you and Thank you again.
Thank you so much for this course. For me it was so important to learn clinical terminology, because I am a registered nurse with background from Peru and I am planning to work at Pittsburgh USA. Definitely, I recommend this course!
I learned many medial terms in this course that we regularly see in our physical visits and labs. The course is made very interesting for beginners who wants to start their career in medical field. I enjoyed this course thoroughly !
After finishing this course, I have been learned a term or abbreviation before hearing it on the clinical unit and better communicator and more effective healthcare team member as well as help
me update and improve my knowledge .
This course is really helpful for my job. I have learned a lot of practical terminologies related to my practice in the hospital. Thank you so much the University of Pittsburgh for creating this course for students like us.
Great introduction to nursing clinical terminology! It touched the basis for each body system, laid out examples in videos and lecture format and I enjoyed the quizzes after every lesson as way to assess my learning so far
I was expecting to be drilled on a lot of new words but instead I learned them more naturally by seeing and hearing them in the context of the clinical field. I learned about clinical workflows along with terminology.
this course is so useful~ as an international student who is participating in observeship in the us, the class give me a whole picture of the system of hospital. thank you very much for giving us this fabulous class~
I think the videos and assignments were easily understood and yet had some items that made you think and use your learning as it progressed. I'm glad I signed up to refresh myself on the medical language. Thank you.
This is a meaningful course for me to learn about medical terminology. Thank for Coursera, I am quite confident about my medical english now. I will keep learning to master it in order to help my career as a doctor
I had so much fun learning these new Terminology and Abbreviation , also the information about each disease , equipment and system. i would like to thank everyone made and helped in making this amazing course . ❤😢
It is a great course. It teaches you what is necessary for a clinical unit. I was taking this subject course in my language but it was great to take this course to be familiar with the terms in English. Thanks.
This course is beneficial, easy to understand and very dynamic for beginners in the health care system. I did enjoy, and definitely, I will continue to practice all the information given during the training.
This was a great opportunity to enhance Medical vocabulary. The outline of the course is designed to keep you engaged and allows for critical thinking on every case shown.I really enjoyed this 6 week course!
I liked taking the course to help reexamine what I have been taught previously. Very good information. I did notice some spelling errors and some issues with the transcription beneath the videos as I went.
Very useful. I had some dodubts about abreviation in pharmacology, and how to write medical notes, and this course helped me a lot.Also if you can´t finish the curse, they can give you a time extension.
I LIKE SO MUCH THE CONTENT OF THE COURSE, IT IS SO HELPFULL FOR ME WHO WORK WITH ENGLISH REPORTS. I WILL IMPROVE MY KNOWLEDGE IN MORE CLINICAL TERMINOLOGY BY READING AND DOING RESEARCH. THAKNS SO MUCH
Excellent class & experience.  I really enjoyed taking this beginner's course.  It was challenging but also extremely informative.  I can't wait to take more in this subject.  Thanks for everything!
This course gave me an opportunity to improve my medical abbreviations as I am a medical student. This course is awesome. Not only medical students but also other students should enroll this course.
The curso is very important in my opinion because I´m a international student and with this curse a learn a lot new words and how they work in US clinical unit. Thanks. This curse is very helpfull.
The instructor's calm and clear explanations make this a joy to watch. This course is very useful for me as a medical product translator to get an understanding of the actual clinical environment.
Thank you for the teachers and Coursera forum. I happily experienced good time and emotions here. More than that, useful knowledge is the best thing I have received. Thank you! Thank you so much!
I found this course to be very helpful. It was thought out, it was clear, it made you think critically. It changed your mind set intentionally for learning purposes, and it was effective for me.
By using the clinical situation, abbreviations, and terms are easier to understand.
This course is so helpful for me to have an essential knowledge that I can extend my learning by myself then.
Excellent overview of key vocabulary and abbreviations used in the medical field! I would highly recommend to anyone who would like to expand their knowledge and access to the medical world.
The course provides a good places for medical students to study medical terminology. You also have a chance to involve yourself in clinical situation to fully understand the contents.
I learned so much! What a wonderful course! Thank you for providing the knowledge that  certainly adds a lot in our career path. Too bad I can't afford the certificate at the moment.
I learned a lot with this course. At times I thought I would not be able to answer the questions but the notes function helped me a lot and also the dictionary. Thank you very much!
With the videos and medical situation scenarios, students learn the medical terms gradually but effectively. I found the course helpful in the academic as well as medical setting.
The course was very well organized, informative, great reference material, user friendly and it is giving me a good foundation to start my new path in life!! Thank you so much!!!
This course help me to know more about the clinical language so I can understand more of what is going on in the hospital or what is being written in a patient's medical record
Thank you so much for this course. It is one of the amazing courses that I ever did. It helped me to know more about the health care system and the medical terminology as well.
Clinical Terminology for International and U.S. Students  is an amazing and very useful course. I think anyone who studies any career related to clinical area should take it.
Great techniques for learning, very understandable and easy to use. I learned a lot from this course and I really appreciate all the people who worked to make it possible.
Thank yor for that course!I think I will use teh Clinical Terminology Dictionary for BeginningInternational and U.S. Health Care Providers . It is a very usefull for me.
This was so helpful. I took lots of notes, memorized terms and abbreviations I know I'll be using at work, and would recommend this course to anyone in the health field
This course was very informative and really helpful. I learned a lot of new and different terms. I would recommend this course to those who are in healthcare field.
It was very helpful and interactive! I recommend this course to anyone who is not that familiar with the clinical terminology used in labs and doctor's offices.
As a healthcare interpreter this course helped me to practice my listening skills and of course contributed tremendously to my medical terminology. Thank you
Very thorough program where you can learn medical terminology. Also provides you the opportunity to learn the words and abbreviations and how they are used.
The content is presented in such a way that it's accommodating to English language learners, slow processors, and those of lower knowledge on the subject.
This course is an excellent introduction to medical terminology.Thank you Valerie Swigart, PhD, RN, CRNP and your team.Thanks to University of Pittsburg.
Thanks for the course to help beginner to learn medical terminology. This course allows me to read and understand medical conversation in the hospital.
This course is very helpful for enhancing knowledge. I learnt a thousands of words I never even heard. Thanks for creating a very important course.
The content was interesting and the multiple methods (reading, videos, vocabulary assignments).  All of which assisted with learning and retention.
very useful, first-hand experience in using medical terms in a clinical setting. Appreciation to the teacher, teaching fellows and the university.
This course is really amazing. I’ve learned so many things which will be beneficial for me in future. You made E-learning easy and interesting.
This is great. I really enjoyed it and I feel I learned lots. One of the best courses I took. And definitely the best FREE one! Mrs Kuznetsov .
Incredibly useful for an international health care student who wants to learn how to successfully communicate in a clinical setting in the US
I truly enjoyed this course! it has taught me a lot and I feel ready and prepared for my next journey! Thanks to everyone that was involved!
While I had some knowledge of medical terminology, this course gave me more of a foundation and helped to put that knowledge in to context.
Thank you so much for this course which helped me to broaden my clinical knowledge about the health care system here in the United States.
Very basic course. I was able to do all the quizzes without doing any of the other work and the total course took me less than 2 hours.
My deepliest gratitude to professors:  Valerie Swigart, Ph.D. R.N. and, Michael Gold, Ph.D.Excellent course !!!!Thanks Coursera !!
This is such a well laid out course! I love the interactive videos and case studies and have learned so much these past few weeks.
This course has help me in learning Clinical with English. Thanks alot for create a wonderful course for medical students like me
I enjoyed the teaching style of this course.  Learning what would normally be difficult content was interesting and engaging.
for me as a translator, this was an excellent introduction for clinical terminology. Thank you so much for this experience.
This is an excellent course, with a reasonable workload, and the explanations are straightforward and easy to undertsand.
Thank you guys so much for bringing such a course! What I have learned has been incredibly vital for my clinical classes!
This course is the perfect way to confidence when you have to start a new health professional life in the US. Thank you.
It is very great for international Medical student who want to improve their ability of  using the materials in English
This was an excellent course. Easy to follow and very informative. I have already recommended it to colleagues of mine.
This is a wonderful course. The content of teaching is quite clear and knowledgeable. I have interest to learn more
I loved it! Couldn't stop once I started. Very informative and easy to learn. Would do it again! Highly recommend!
Very easy and student-friendly lectures well presented by the concerned staff. it was a great learning experience
Everybody should take this course, the material was thoroughly prepared. I loved it and recommend it completely!
the course was very informing a little tuff but I enjoyed it looking forward to learning more thank you so much
I learned a lot more than I thought I would. I'm grateful to this course. Thank you, University of Pittsburgh!
I'm a medical student and I love this course very much! There's useful terminology for future medical workers.
Very good course for international students to become familiar with the environment of a clinical Unit in USA
one of the best courses come across, very clear and received good knowledge from doing this course. Thank you
This course helps me boost my medical vocabulary and knowledge a lot. Highly recommend for all of my friends!
I loved this course.  A lot of it I was surprised I already knew but I learned so much information beyond it.
I found it super helpful if you even have an interest in the medical field and can't afford college courses.
A GREAT INITIATIVE THANKS A LOTI WISH WE ARE WAITING FOR UPCOMING COURSES UNDER YOUR EXPERIENCE & LEADERSHIP
Tough course, I need a lot more reading and reviewing. But the course was covered for beginners very well.
This course is great. I can totally understand how to communicate with each other in a  US  clinical unit.
Great course and time worth giving for this and compile of extensive knowledge of Clinical abbreviations.
Good training to become more familiar with  medical terminology and its real use in a medical environment
great course. very complete and easy to finish in your own personal time at your own pace. I recommend it
This course was very helpful for me to understand the terms and terminology used in the medical settings.
it helps me a lot to understand medical terms and read documents by english, help me expand my knowledge,
the course is very interesting, I studied many terms and abbreviations about clinical unit.thank a lot.
The excellent content of the course is given.  The course will be useful for all international students
This course has helped me reinforce my medical terminologies and prepare me for my upcoming rotations.
It is a very useful tool for learners who would approach working as a health care provider in the USA.
I completely enjoyed this course. It is a short online course but very comprehensive and meaningful.
It was a great course experience to improve my medical terminology skills like an international MD.
Thank you! It's very interesting course for all medicine people who want to expand their horizons!
Thanks! It was interest for me to knew the terms in english. I'll use it in my work with students.
I really enjoyed this course. This course gave me the confidence in understanding med terminology.
After taking this course, I can decode most of medical terms that US student used. Really helpful
Thank you so much , this course help me alote  to understand the difficult medical  abbreviation
I am very satisfied and grateful for this course. Thank you so much for doing this online class.
I have learnt a lot from the course. And I will continue to learn on coursera.org. Am grateful!
Really digestible and can be completed much sooner than the paced weeks, if one is so inclined.
I learned so much from this class, would reccomend to do if your interested to become a nurse!
Very interesting course, for improving my english and my knowledge about medical terminology!
Taught me new concepts and reinforced those I already knew. Well put together and fulfilling.
As a professional translator specializing in the medical arena, this course came very handy.
this course is so great for medical student who wanna learn Medical EnglishThanks in million
I am very glad I took this course, it was very helpfuld an easy to add to my daily schedule.
I learned a lot, my technical knowledge was enriched with good content and great didactics.
I learned many new things, that is vital for me. thanks for the course. I will recommend it
Amazing course! Everyone who's considering to be a health provider should take this course.
It was a lot of information but it was laid out in a very manageable and easy to learn way.
Very utile and informative material in this course. Will definitely recommend to anybody.
Awesome course! The professor was great, thorough and very easy to follow and understand!
Great way to refresh or to kick start the field you choose very easy to use and efficient
Excellent , it helped me through an observership i recently finished in the United States
Only thanks this course do i have a chance to how to learn and update medical knowledge.
Its a very good course that really help the international students to achieve our goals.
I really love this course, is very dynamic and interactive to learn basic medical terms.
a helpful and inspiring course that make gain more and more knowledge in medical fields.
I am extremly grateful with the information that I learned in this course, thanks a lot
really helpful! I regret for that I did not finish this before the academic term begin!
Thank you so much. I learned many interesting things that improve my future job a lot.
This course got me closer to high competency student level!I enjoyed it to the MAX!!
This is a great, simple and easy to understand course .It is stick with till the end
great content and understandable methodology for a student with a little background
Great. course, allowed me to consolidate my learning to take the Step 2 CS sooner.
I enjoyed the challenging quizzes by the end of the course. Thank you Dr. Swigart.
Thank you for this amazing and beautiful course. It's fun and highly educational.
it was a wonderful experience taking this course. I have learned many new things.
GReat class, lots of materials and information that will help me in medical field
GRACIAS , as a mexican student i learn a lot of abbreviations and new lenguage ,
Very good course, made in an accurate and, at the same time, entretaining design
I have taken terminology at universities and this has been the best! Thank you!
Very Informative. I enjoyed the clinical stimulus practice videos and quizzes.
Very good basic course for those who have no medical experience or background.
I find this program very helpful to orient myself with the US hospital setup.
Through video and fun practices to learn knowledge. It is clear and helpful.
Thank you so much for nice course and opportunity to join to this programme
the course is very helpful for me. thank you for your creative this course
It was very useful. I particularly enjoyed the video scenarios in Week 6.
I have absolutely loved this course! Thank you very much for everything!
I leanred lots of new things through this course.  Thanks you very much!
Very gud course... N plz suggest me course work in research methodology
it is a great course, thank you so much . I always remember about it ,
enjoyed very part of the course. helped me a lot as a medical student!
SUCH A KNOWLEDGE FULL COURSE.I GAIN ALOT OF KNOWLEDGE FROM THIS COURSE
Excellent course to start studying Medical Vocabulary. I recommend it.
Outstanding. with hard work and dedication, it was worth the journey!
Perfectly paced - and practical course.   Highly recommend to anyone.
Great course , Thank you for the remarkable effort on this course  .
thank you, this is my first course, and i want to take more courses.
Great course with lots of helpful learning materials and resources!
Excellent content with precious information, Great work. Thank you
The course contains a lot of useful information on various topics.
Excellent course and well presented. Thank you for this knowledge.
It was a great experience and I learned a lot.  Thank you so much
amazing, i can learn more about medical english form this course
Really beneficial to Health Care Providers, highly recommended.
Really helpfull, totally recommended. Excellent learning tool.
Mr waters deserves an oscar for his role in "bleeding patient"
A very detailed course - delivered in a simple effective way!!
Excellent course! thanks a lot for sharing knowledge with us!
very good, allowed me to learn a lot and train a new language
This is a great course I have definitely enhanced my skills.
A very knowledgable course and perfect presentation of data.
Great class for getting acquainted with Medical Terminology!
Interesting course with well developed and engaging content
Love the course hard work and lots of studying but worth it
It was very helpful and I learned many new clinical terms.
quick course - very informative, I liked the nurse videos
Wonderful! I'm so grateful for having found this couse.
Class was very beneficial, user friendly and adaptable.
Excellent structures and concise and useful information
I really like this course. It's so helpful to my study.
Good design of course content and difficulty elevation.
A great course to get introduced to the medical world.
very interesting, we help you to improve your English
An Amazing course All thankful to you from my heart
An stunning way to discover clinical terminology!
It is course was very interesting and fun for me.
Actually it is very helpful course, thank you all
Amazing course!! Clear, instructive and engaging.
excellent intro to basics of Clinical Terminology
much more informative course ever i had ..thanks
understandable, fundamental, absolutely useful.
your course is really useful for medical staffs
Loved the course very interesting and helpful!
Great tool to improve the medical terminology
Really help me a lot for preparing the career
so good. I really learn a lot about new skill
very informative, easy to understand content.
its agreatcourse for people who are intreast
This was an amazing and informative course!
Learned a lot. Preparing for the CPCS test!
Clinical terminology case study is useful.
it was really good and helpfull, thank you
Such an amazing course and helpful staff.
Really i appreciate your time and efforts
Great and informative course. Thank you!
Thank you very much. Really good course.
This is a good Course of Medical English
Very educative and simple to understand
It was a great course. I learned a lot
Great overview of medical terminology
very very useful and more informative
thanks so much about the good lessons
Vry useful for professional students
That's was really great! Thank you!!
It was great opportunity , thank you
thank you so much for your efforts.
thank you all for this great course
Amazing course. Thank you coursera.
Great course with deep learnings.
Very informative and  interesting
It was really helpful and useful!
An excellent experience, thanks..
good course, lots of information
Really enjoyable and well done!
Everything great. Thanks a lot!
Very informative, I liked it.
Excellent way to learn online
It's great. Highly recommend.
Very helpful and good mater
Thanks, it's very very good
Easy and nice. Learnt alot
Excellent!!! Thank you!!
It is really good course
thank you for your works
great course. thank you
great ! and very useful
surprisingly effective
It is really helpful!
Such a great course!
That's a great idea!
really helpful :D
Great course, rea
very useful terms
Terrific class!
Thanks..
