Even though this course is in the Social Sciences section there is more art than science in it. Most of the statements made in this course don't provide relevant research proving their validity. For example, one of the linked articles in the course mentions that homophobia at workplace decreases productivity, but no link to proof is provided. It would be great to have the link to this research, so that we can, for example, compare the cost of productivity decline caused by homophobia with cost of anti-homophobia training. Without this proof the rest of the course loses its value and the whole existence of this course feels redundant - why should I spend a lot of my resources on getting opinions of random people about this topic if I can get it for free by googling relevant keywords? It being a course implies a higher level of scientific research done and linked than the one provided.
The course is a rights movement rather than an academic approach towards the topic.The instructors use a nice language to discuss the issues but present them in a bias way which is the reason I don't feel like it's an academic course.
Lectures lacked academic rigor and held ideas up as indisputable facts. The peer review sytsem is disappointing. Especially whent here is no recourse over glaring mistakes in grading.While I learned somethings from the course I would not recommend it.
has no scientific background. very disappointing.
lacked  the topic: discrimination for heterosexual and cisgender people (normal) in a LGBTQIA environment
About half of this course consistent of an excellent exploration of the ways that members of sexual minorities and underrepresented genders can be discriminated against and made to feel unwelcome in the workplace, and helpful suggestions for ways of changing workplace behaviors and policies to better include people.  The other half, in which the professors defined terms and discussed the basics of sexual and gender diversity, was less focused and provided little evidence for a large number of claims.  It was sufficient to serve as a refresher on terminology for people who are already familiar with and respectful of gender and sexual diversity, but I suspect for someone who isn't already well-read on the topic it may come across as preachy and subjective.
The teachers are both lovely amazing and passionate people whom are very knowledgeable on their area! However I only gave this course a 3/5 star rating because i felt that there was a bit too much very long reading which i struggled to focus on and also because being already very involved in LGBTQIA+ issues i already knew a lot of the information provided in the course. However for those who are little educated on the subject i would highly recommend this course :)
The course was more about feminism and less about inclusion in the workplace.
This course introduced me to a more formal way of understanding gender and sexuality. While I took issue with some of the ways things were defined, particularly the implicit assumption in the first week that gender is entirely socially constructed, I really got a lot of valuable information and material out of this course. As a transgender woman with an advanced degree, I found the course to provide information of the depth and breadth expected in a short undergraduate course. The evaluations were useful but the standards were a bit unclear and the peer review process a little questionable considering the unknown background of peers. The discussion forums were not helpful, the forums and chat sessions used by Stanford in their Intro to Databases MOOC were much better. Consider an IRC chatroom at least, or a listserv. Still, I got much of what I came for at only the cost of my time.
This was a very informative and well presented course. As a university lecturer with responsibility for educating students in these issues and also educating staff it gave me a firm grounding in the central issues and background. If more advanced courses in this area become available I would be interested in taking them. If I have one point of criticism, it is that counter perspectives were not engaged with and discussed. But, as this is an introductory course that is understandable.
I really appreciated the class, it's well designed, lots of pertinent information and good video lectures that are not too long and well presented enough to be concise.  enough reading to delve into deeper theories and history.  only thing that I felt was missing is that the program is designed for corporations, mostly and I had hard time relating to it as I am not in the corporate world.  thank you
A balanced course that presents objective assesment of discriminations at workplace and solutions to avoid the same. Very relevant assignments. I personally liked the concepts on gender and sexuality such as man box, lady box, glass escalator etc. Would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to get introduced to gender studies.
The course itself is a real eye-opener, with great content. It has really changed my perspective on equality concerns and inclusion. The one downside is I am still waiting for my submitted work to be peer-verified and will not receive credit until it has been complete, which I have zero control over.
The cons first:  Some of the reading materials were unavailable to view.  I wish the Professors could have replied to some of the class discussions going on. The pros:  Great video teaching and good mini-quizzes.  Some excellent video testimonials from the LGBTQIA Community.
If you are clueless about the concept of sex, gender, queer and related terms, this is the course to take on. It will help you understand these concepts and familiarise you with the struggles of the queer in an environment which may not look upon the community favourably.
very useful tools, tropes and readings to discuss, analyze and develope inclusive strategies at workplace.  Raise awareness on gender/sex identities through plain concepts and data
Gained a lot of knowledge pertaining to Diversity and inclusion in the workplace and learned to respect everyone equally
I learned a lot from this course. It was easy to follow and very informative.
Loads of valuable information.  Should be mandatory (long before college.)
Good content to Learn. Insightful resources. Thanks for this Opportunity.
I enjoyed taking this course. It was well presented and informative.
Good course to learn about LGBTQIA completely. Thank you.
Great experience of learning
I've learned a lot!
I'm studying Social Work in Germany and was always interested in LGBTQIA* topics regarding the workplace. I have chosen this course in times of COVID-19, because I had enough time between my regular classes, and because I'm absolving an internship, in which people of the LGBTQIA* community are the clients with the main focus us. Due to the fact that almost all employees at the company are LGBTQIA*, it felt important to me to learn, especially now, more about the topic and was happy to find a course like this here on coursera. I absolutely recommend this course to everyone, who wants to increase the knowledge about the importance of Gender and Sexuality in life with a special focus on Diversity and Inclusion in the workplace, and for those who want to widen their horizon to look our Gender and Sexuality is differently seen in various cultures. I already miss both teachers. They did a totally good job and keep my motivation to fulfill this course alive. Thank you for everything.
This course and the two instructors have provided me such a wonderful education into the seriousness of the LGBTQIA people in which I am a proud member. We often do not realize the plight of our peers if it does not directly impact us, this course and the content covered is a must for everyone. We have a responsibility to ensure we are educated and understanding of our roles and responsibilities within the community. I highly recommend this course not only to the LGBTQIA people but to everyone who can stand for some self improvement.
This course was amazing!!I really loved since the beginning. The language was simple and clear.It was really good to increase and improve more my knowledge about Gender and Sexuality and also knowing that we still have a lot or work to be done around the world! It added a lot of value to my personal and professional life. Specially because I'm a member of Diversity team in the company that I work at.Congratulation to Julie and Susan for preparing this awesome material in order to share to the world!
This course is helpful especially if you are passionate in Gender Development and Women Studies. It will heighten your awareness and knowledge on various sexual orientation, gender identity, and expression issues and cases. For others, it might be an "easy A" course, but if you will start learning the program, you will realize sooner that your level of understanding is still in the surface. This is a good start in having in-depth study on Gender and Development.
A course that gave me a lot of information regarding the classification and resources about LGBTQIA.The work associated to the course is very appealing since it is composed, aside from the easy quizes, of commentaries to workplace situations simulating a regular company that is confronting LGBT issues and you have to give your opinion and write memos as to how to solve these situations.Great teachers
This was such an informative and phenomenal course. It was well planned, seriously worked out and carefully arranged. All the video classes and reading materials were very useful and effective. The assignments have significantly helped  broaden my mind and conscience. This is indeed a program that has to be attended by many people of all ages. We can educate and enlighten ourselves.
This course really changed my perspective of sex, gender and sexuality.I now know a great deal of information about sex and gender and sexual orientations and preferences. I also came to know about LGBTQIA people and how we can make our workplaces more inclusive and free from discrimination.Thank you very much to the two great educators of this course.
VERY WELL DESIGNED COURSE, EACH LECTURE WELL RESEARCHED AND FOCUSSED...BOTH FACULTY DELIVERED THEIR RESPECTIVE SESSIONS IN AN ARTICULATE MANNER, FORCING ONE TO THINK AND DEBATE. PRESENTED VERY PROVOCATIVE IDEAS IN A BALANCED MANNER WITH EVIDENCE AND REASONING.SOME MORE READINGS WOULD HAVE BEEN GOOD
absolutely amazing course. it was enriching, gave me a lot of new information and assignments don't only test your knowledge but test how you can apply the information you have learnt in different scenarios. would 100% recommend even if you just want to gain more information about the topic.
This course is the best and most current on the subject of "genders and sexualities". The teachers are excellent, and the content is very chosen. My understanding of the subject has been expanded and it will certainly help me in the future in my clinical-psychological care.
I am rating this after my first week and I must comment that this is an informative, interesting, and eye-opening course which I personally will highly recommend. As a student of social sciences with an inclination towards gender studies, this course is of great help to me.
A big Thank You. An excellent course, if you want happiness in learning and knowing more, this course can provide you more by excellent presentations, videos, case studies and much more. It is worth to spend your valuable time in learning this course.
This course is a must do for not only students and learners but for everyone living i the contemporary world. This course has been my best companion and has helped me to gain quality knowledge with fun lectures and great assessments.
Wonderful course would easily recommend it to colleagues and students entering any fields of study. Took  a lot from this course and again would recommend it to anyone whose looking to improve there ability to be human in this world.
Very informative course! I learned a lot about LGBTQIA individuals, how they are discriminated in the workplace, and how to create a better, more productive workspace that includes all types of different people!
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. It wasa great learning experience. All the sessions were well structured.The course assignments were also thought provoking. Thanks for offering such an interstingc ourse
That was an excellent course. The video lectures and the reading materials were really good and I could learn a lot of new things from this course. Thank you very much for this eyeopening course.
Short but a beautifully concise course on understanding gender and sexuality. It also gives one tools to make the workplace an inclusive environment for LGBTQIA, and eradicate discrimination.
Loved the course. Every term was explained in a detailed manner. It was an eye opener for someone who lived his entire life in a heterosexual setup. Learned a lot of things then I expected.
Get to hear about LGBTQIA* community and how they are critical in the workforce. You learn about resources to use in the workforce and ways to make the workforce more diverse and inclusive.
The course has an extremely important theme and well trained teachers who brought an unforgettable learning experience. Thanks for the subtitles in Portuguese and for the experience!
Really loved the lectureers and the content provided. Even though I thought I knew a lot about this topic I really gained a better sense of Gender and Sexuality from this course.
A very nice lecture with small brief informations everything about gender and sexuality issues while providing good supplimentary readings to make the topics more comprehensible.
Thanks a lot to the educators of the course.It's a beautifully designed course and as a professor myself can understand the hard work that goes in it.Well done job!
I was amazed and very happy with the knowledge acquired through this course. Congratulations to the organization and I am waiting for new topics to be explored.
Excellent course, a must take to have a clear vision of the changes that we have to make in our work place, so we can have an inclusive and diverse environment.
I liked the course, however, I would urge the creators of this course to make it the certification available for free because of how important the material is.
The course is very well designed. Being a gay man, I got to learn a lot more about my own community and how i can make my workplace more inclusive.
An informative and actionable course.Great information on social issues, historical insight, and actionable steps to making workplaces inclusive.
Have learn on the Gender and Sexuality in detail. Why inclusion is required on workplace and how do we included in our society, Corporate cultur
This course was a big help in understanding some of the terms that is being used so commonly. It also provided new information and I enjoyed it.
The course offers easy to follow instructions. The professors are all capable. I have learned a lot and enjoyed the process. Thank you so much.
This was my first online course. It exceeded my expectations. The Instructors made it such an enjoyable learning experience for me. Thank You!
Taking this course is one of the best decisions I made this year, it has been a great experience for me. I urge everyone around me to take.
Exceptional course. The content was so informative and easy to understand, and the facilitators were excellent. Would highly recommend.
Educational and informative content in the modules and examples are so real. Eye opening indeed for line managers in entities.
This is a really well conducted course and i will recommend it anytime. Help me to have meaningful dialogue on the subject.
Excellent course very well developed and delivered. Learned more than I expected and came away inspired to "be the change".
Fantastic course.  Even if you're familiar with the topic there is so much to learn.  Really makes you think.  I'd recomm
This course is enlightening. The lessons are not only academic, but also socially-relevant.The instructors are engaging.
Very interesting, detailed and insightful course! Gained a wealth of knowledge over the four weeks of engagement.
Good insights and points made us learn about D&I. Enabled me to look deeper at my work and the impact it crates.
Very eye-opening course, learned a lot about LGBTQIA community and their needs in general and in the workplace
I have learned so much through this course. The professors have explained each and every concept so well!!!
New perspective on gender and sexuality issue, from history to the application in the workplace. Thank you!
It was a concise and very easy course to follow, but which also touched on all the necessary topics.
Everyone should learn about gender Inclusivity. And this is one of the best courses to go about it.
I learn about the discrimination of LGBTQIA at work place, the right of LGBTQIA and gender.
This course is really helpful, I learnt a great deal from it. Excellently put together !
I really need this course to know LGBTQIA people and their ups and downs in life .
Amazing course! Learned so much about diversity and inclusion in the workplace!
Very enlightening content. Easy to follow. Thanks for putting it together !
Every useful insight on Inclusion and diversity in a business environment.
Well structured and clear course. Great knowledge tests and assignments.
Great course to introduce you to the subjects of gender and sexuality.
Its really good teaching and more there is more to learn and improve.
I've learned so much! And both teachers have done an incredible job!
This was a very good course. But note that it is very US-centric.
excellent content and great mix of video and written sources.
Very enjoyable and interesting course.  I learned a lot.
great course, it have opened my mind, I would recommend.
A great course that everyone should take! 作为一个人应该学习的课程！
this has been an excellent experience and very helpful
This was a very good course, i learnt a lot of things
This course is very interesting, relevant and useful.
Everyone should take this course, I loved it
Great course with fantastic study materials
yes its very usefull for every human being
Good class - lots of great information.
The videos were a great teaching tool!
Well arranged and excellent content.
Super informative and eye opening.
very good and interesting course
The best one till now. Loved it.
Good course, I highly recommend.
so informative and accessible!!
Extremely informative course!
Amazing and very educational
Good course congratulations
wonderfully structured
Really handy!
Brilliant :D
great cours!
