Good and informative course, but the instructor is sometimes very difficult to understand, some of the questions in the tests don't make sense due to very poor grammar, and jargon or technical terms are frequently used where more simpler language would be more beneficial. However, as a initial introduction to Enterprise Architecture and the use of ArchiMate this was a very useful case.
This is only an introduction to Enterprise Architecture and does not cover the full detail and extent required to become a professional Enterprise Architect.
Good course, good material, but i think it is very basic and general for the scope of professionals they are trying to reach
Interesting course.  Maybe a resolved case study could have been included before the final test.
Great introductory course for EA which explains the basics of TOGAF, ADM and Archimate. There are a few grammatical errors due to the course instructors not being native English speakers but the content was still easily understandable and contained practical exercises which were easy to follow. The content was also accurate as I did the course as a recap for a module I did in university and the course proved successful in corresponding with the content provided in the university module.
Great course to leverage our knowledge about Enterprise Architecture, especially using TOGAF.
The course is too dry. There should be audio rather reading the materials
Excellent introduction to TOGAF, ArchiMate and Archi. Very coherent across the 3 subjects.
Provides great overview for aspiring EA
The course material is awesome, both videos and written content. I didn't have previous knowledge about  EA, TOGAF, ArchiMate and Archi but understood it so perfectly that I'm already applying this knowledge. Maybe it can be too simple for those who want to study in depth, otherwise, I recommend it 100%
I felt like this course gave me good exposure into the dense world of EA. I felt like i learnt the foundation elements of EA to progress into further study. I was able to do this course outside of work without the overwhelm.
It was a good course I would like to see more practical exercises, but it helped to see what I need to improve and what I know well enough.
Good Course, covers most aspects of EA like TOGAF, Archimate, Industry 4.0. Good starter for EA journey.
Excellent course principally if your role is an Technology, Solution or Application Architect
For me, it was very usefull for remebering some key concepts of EA and using archimate.
A good introductory and well structured course. I recommend it.
It is a great course , explains the frame works very well.
Perfect Course, it covered EA, Togaf & Archimate very well
A concise view of TOGAF and practical use of Archimate.
Amazing course with amazing content
Excellent start for newbies in EA.
It's useful and fit to my tasks
nice and amazing course
It is well organised.
perfect ! Next ! :)
