This course was ultimately frustrating to take. There is a gap in the material presented and the skill set needed to complete the assignments. Using optional methods to complete this course, such as to use the textbook and forums, is too time consuming  (deciphering a text book) or insulting (forum mentor responses). To to solve the assignments, it usually involved trying to 1. refreshing yourself in math concepts not used by a beginner or non-mathematician, 2. deciphering what exactly the poorly written questions were asking, 3. scouring the textbook or internet for functions or strategies never covered in the lecture, 4. having snarky and unhelpful remarks by mentors. The unprofessional behavior of the mentors was especially hard to handle. Even from the early week's lectures we learned about semantics, and how simple mistyping could lead to programming errors, so I wrongly assumed the mentors would understand that some of us would probably make simple errors. For example, in the final homework I had a simple mistake, but since we cannot show code, it led to more frustration and a mentor basically just saying "we covered this already." I'm well aware of what we covered, but if someone is stuck on a problem, there needs to be a much better way of helping that person. I did not want to write in the forums after my initial foray in the forum led one mentor to just tell me "your logic is wrong", and the spout the same simple strategies of the lecture that could not help on the complex assignment.There probably will not be anything fixed with this course since it seems like it has been the same for years now. Please fix the questions, stop using Project Euler, and let people directly message code to mentors. Will probably save time rather than try to blindly (and frustratingly) explain code over and over again. Ultimately, I felt that unless someone either has previous experience in coding, or has no work to do other than to do this course, it still is not worth it to just obtain a certificate.
I am sure this is a great course for someone who has been exposed to computer programing somehow. I was way ahead of my assignments and watched the lectures at 3X each chapter before getting to my assignments. I got to a roadblock on week 4 and I am unable to move because the assignments have gone from 0-60 without much input. I am able to claim that because many others, who btw seem to be a bit more educated in the matter, experienced difficulties. I understand the moderators can't just give out answers, but they just become robotic in their answers. I am very glad I did not pay for a certificate. Otherwise, I would have wasted both my time and my money. I am out $10 for the book, though. My advice is: don't take this class unless you know "something" about programming.
Teaches neither programming nor MATLAB effectively. Videos are too long and useless for the assignments. Very disappointing. I worked all the way to Week 7 and got 100& on all assignments. Then the lectures and assignments started to come from different worlds and the course became torture (which most people who like programming seem to accept and even enjoy; I don't.)
The videos are good, but have no relationship to the homework problems. There are too many problems per week, and they are very difficult given there are no examples in either the videos or book that cover the material examined in the homework. The entire course was just frustrating.
The instructor is incredibly self-obsessed and just unbearable. All the 'jokes' are neither funny nor useful. Just stick to teaching if you have to.
Boring Professor
Course contained unbelievable amount of silly busywork that has no place being implemented in MATLAB, while forbidding  the use of most useful built in functions. At no point during the course was any of  the MATLAB's strengths -- like easy solving of linear systems or vectorized operations, even suggested upon.  Furthermore, the course has unhealthy interest in dates and calendars - again of course disabling all the built in tools.
I don't like it and I don't want to continue with this course how can I unsubscribe without losing my progress in other courses on my account
It wasn't mentioned that I had to pay for the certificate.I can't afford to purchase the certificate
said i had a free 12 week license, but  i could not get access to the license.
very easy course. was expecting something more challenging.
Matlab license not working, how to complete this course.
not good i cant understant any thing need to inprove
Extremely difficult assignments for the conte
Very lengthy and over knowledge
I didnt feel that intresting.
Too many videos with repetitive content. Homework was much more complicated than the information given.
First of all, I am a chemist. I had no idea on how to start programming, therefore I started the course convinced to get some basic skills on Matlab (I had no idea on how Matlab worked) in the beginning I found it really helpful. But then at the end the assignments were really hard and quite difficult to understand for a non-proficient user. I strongly recommend to follow the first part, really helpful, but the second part probably it is more for experts in the field or students in informatic... maybe it can be useful to divide in half parts this online course. Maybe, it can be really helpful to cite the use of polyfit commands to fit functions. Really interesting until the 7th week.
The 'About the course' section is partially true.It was ,in the beginning, felt like being really for the beginners, but nearing the end of the course, the assignments were not anymore for the beginners.Whereas the instructor taught with great effort, the difficulty of the assignments should have been taken into consideration beforehand and examples similar to the tasks should have been included therefore.When the course can be enthralling for someone already have proficiency over other languages, the majority of the beginner would find it near impossible to solve the assignments and achieve the certificate by following ethical coding.
Good videos, the assignments were too heavy for non-used people to these topics (maths etc). I would prefer shorter assignments focused on programming and solving simple conceptually topics though with the use of code gradually getting more difficult.The three stars are given mainly for the videos and the effort to make it comprehensive.  More informative slides would be needed as well. This way people would be able to review key things faster/more efficiently.
the course  instructor was very friendly , very expressive , he made all concepts very clearbut one thing i want to add is that add some videos on explaining some more advanced plotting debugging and file input/output.
I feel like I learned a lot in this course as I was a complete beginner to programming. However, I agree with some of the other reviews that the assignments were way harder than the material presented in the lectures and example problems, particularly for the second half of the course. I felt I had a good grasp on the concepts for the first half of the course, but it got significantly harder. We had to use functions that were never mentioned during the lectures and that I didn't know existed, for example. I found myself getting frustrated and having to consult the discussion boards regularly towards the end, in an attempt to figure out where I was going wrong with my code and even to figure out where to start. That helped, but I believe that the course could be better laid out to better prepare students for the more difficult assignments. That being said, I appreciate the time that the instructors put into making this course and making it available to audit for free. It is a difficult subject for those new to programming and provided a good introductory foundation.
I think the course is a little out of place. The first 7 weeks are for real beginners. It's slow, very slow. But the 8th week and the final assignments are for mid-level programmers. If you're new to computer programming, you probably won't be able to complete the final tasks. I think the course should end in week 7, and the last topics should be added to the next level. But, if you really don't know anything about programming, you can give it a try. If you are already a programmer, it will be a waste of time.
The course itself is good.  Learned a lot but not being able to reset deadlines (not as flexible as I thought) means I am going to lose my certificate.  Not sure if I would try another certificate.  Being a working mother I only have limited time to do so.  Thought this may be feasible but obviously not working as well as I hoped.  The only other issue I found was that the course information doesn't work with all programs so if you are using an older edition then it becomes more difficult to follow sometimes.
This is definitely not a beginner' course to programming. i wish there were more assignments on the basics so the student was more comfortable manipulating vertices and matrices. Truly think this online course could have been divided into two sections.Also, as a math tutor, who is very familiar with word problems and how to determine what is needed and what is given, some of your homework assignments were not very clear.
I think that the course is a great starter for those who want to get familiar with basic programming. There are some problems questions in the assignment which will surely clear the concept and fundamentals of we have learned in the online class. It is great way to get familiar with MATLAB considering the course material is good to begin with.
This course is kind of simple and slow if you have previous programming experience and just want learn some Matlab. The videos are sometimes too detailed, I mean, they explain some simple ideas with multiple examples. Also, the practice problems are not enough. But I think it would be a good course for beginners.
The course was a bit lengthy but constructively designed. Instructor was awesome and he covered everything perfectly. It would have been better if the duration was made smaller and a bit fast paced,as I noticed that after week 4 the contents was a bit too lengthy and slow-paced...
Really Amazing course with lots of good content and well explained classes that teach you the BASICS. Which was a great experience. But the assignments were not appropriate for a "Introduction to programming with MATLAB" Really hard and frustrating, specially the last exercises
Overall the course is good but the assignment questions are at a different level (especially week 8 and 9). If someone previously have some knowldege about the subject then only he/she can solve the assignments ,otherwise it will consume a lot of time.
the course was very good but the last 2 weeks are very very hard and not well declared and i recommend using shorter videos than these with giving hints in the assignments about the functions that have to be used without being mentioned in the videos
Nice video lectures but I wish they were practice problems to do before the assignments.  It was quite a jump and hard transition to go from the videos to the assignments. I found them difficult (I have absolutely zero programming background).
the pace at the beginning by the instructor was quite decent but then it picked up suddenly, the final weeks were tough to understand. but somehow i managed to clear. i m not sure if I'll be able to retain it for longer time. hope it helps.
They say that at the end of course you would be able of programing a computer, but this is not true, the reality is that they will teach some functions (very important) and how you use the Matlab community to get help resolving problems.
First 4-5 Weeks were brilliant, but I found the last 3 weeks to be less engaging and I often had to look outside the course for help with the activities because the material given was either not enough or too confusing for me to follow.
The explanation can be quiet brief and clear for better understanding.The topics which arent taught are given in the assignment which makes difficult in solving. Assignment program topics must be completely taught by the instructor.
The course is very good but the assignments are very hard for beginners, sometimes you get almost lost, you don't know how to start.The assignments level is very high compared to the lessons examples.
The course was a lot more challenging than I expected for an introductory course. I really struggled from around lesson 4/5. I will practice some more before considering taking the next course.
The last two assignments , image blur and echo generator were out of the scope , it took me alot of days to complete it. At least some videos related to these assignments should have been added
the content they teach is basic and the assignment problems they give is quite complicated. so i would suggest them to give easy assignments first and then increase the difficulty level
I had trouble in too many assignments because several of the commands were used that were not explained in the lecture but has to be used in assignments. Overall it was a great course
The course is very good, learned a lot. But there is a problem, for a course stated as Introduction, the exercises get much more complex than the classes by the seventh week.
Its fantastic experience, I am updating my self, my suggestion is course era team should include more tutorial related to real time problem which is solved by MATLAB
I felt the course was too slow for me, also the assignments given for us to solve, were difficult and there were no hints in the lectures to help the difficulties.
Assignments are very difficult after 6th week.One enters 7th week without enough preparation.I mean slope  of learning is too high after 6th week.
the final assignments are very tough for a beginner to complete. I wish they could work on that.The course's overall content is appreciable
I would give it 5 stars if the course also taught me some engineering applications of MATLAB with examples. For instance, solving PDEs.
The teacher is completely boring. I did take lessons from other materials to complete this course. But the assignments are good.
wrap up exam showing error simultanously as the code is correct. Due to that i could not continue the coarse.
the assignments were tough to answer.but the course was really good,all the videos  were clear to understand
this course is very useful for begginers, please add lecture topics related to assignment also.
Good Platform of learning Programming with Matlab  overall good experience with Matlab .
All the course good though free acess to the text book should be provided by the course
course was good to begin with however a module on calculus will be of more help.
Instructor of this course is very nice, really enjoyed learning this skill
Everything is good, but asking for money for purchasing certificate.
this course is great  for biggners but there some voids in concepts
Later weeks assignments are too challenging for a beginner.
Assignment questions gets really hard toward the end!!!
Average, and somewhere i think course of speed is fast
more basic for last few assignments should be thought
solutions should visible before solving the problem
Too complicated assignments not taught in course
if there is more examples then that will be good
Awesome learning Matlab with this instructor.
Assignment Questions were not well explained
Coursera App is not that much user friendly
Very helpful but sometimes it is too slow
too difficult assignments
it is very  useful course
too easy compared to cs50
Too easy!!!!
the course was very comprehensive and ideal for beginners to understand the basics of programming. the level of this course increases gradually. this course is a stepping stone for beginners to learn other programming languages comfortably
A very goo course. However, there is a very steep jump between the session levels and especially the final assignments. The final assignments are very interesting actually and practical. Would have been more helpful if some of the assignments in the individual sessions also had some practical problems thrown in to get the students better prepared.
I started this course without any background knowledge of MATLAB but special thanks to Fitzpatrick Sir for explaining each & every concept very nicely. As far as mine learning is concerned I would rate it around 75% & rest 25% depends on my practice. This course has definitely provided me with the necessary skills and confidence to use it in solving MATLAB problems. The syllabus has been amazingly designed.One negative thing that I felt about this course was level of difficulty of last 2-3 weeks for a beginner. May be it's easy for a person who has some past experience of programming. As a suggestion I would like to have few solved assignments be explained in video lecture ( of high difficulty) instead of giving them as an assignment.
It is a really informative course overall, the assignments are interesting and generally not boring, however some of the assignments need more clarification. Digging for info from discussions is an experience on its own but that can discourage people from completing the course and giving up on programming entirely so that seems like it needs some improvements. Fitzpatrick is a great instructor and tries to keep the videos chill and a bit more enjoyable and to be honest he made me laugh out loud a couple of times. Other instructors seem to help people taking the course regularly on the discussion forums so don't be afraid to ask questions there. Thank you for the great course. <3
This is one of the best course related to computer programming that I came across. All the concepts are very well explained. Homework assignments are very much challenging. If you are a beginner, completing the homework assignments will take lot of time and will sometimes be frustrating. However, forums will be one of your best asset while completing this course. All the mentors and Instructors answer to all your concern. They will not give you the exact code for your answer, but they will guide you so that you can solve the questions. Some of the questions will be tough and may take days for you to figure out(speaking out of my own personal experience), but keep posting in the forums. So, if you are going for the course certificate then be prepared for the effort and time that will be used up to complete the Home work assignments. A good time will be to learn in your vacations, but don't stress yourself while your college is going on. Since this was only an introduction to MATLAB, you will not be learning how to create GUIs and entire softwares. Also, if you are looking forward to know how to use MATLAB on some hardwares, then you are not going to find it in this course. However, if you ask the mentors where to learn those things from, they will guide you. They also have a textbook available for the course, but I completed the course very well without it. So, it's not a compulsion, but I am going to buy it so that I have a better understanding about how to create GUIs for the code that I type. Tl;dr: This is the best course if you are a beginner and have no experience in programming, but if you are an expert programmer, you might get bored with some initial topics, but later things do start to get interesting. Also, you need to dedicate your time and effort to complete Home work assignment.
Positive points:-this really is a beginners course, without any knowledge about coding or the syntax of MATLAB necessary.-you learn by solving the problems yourself. This gives you great insight about the thought processes necessary, about different approaches and how to realize your ideas.-Mentors are responding quickly (sometimes within a half hour) and are doing there best to help you out.
Negative points:-The video lectures, although informative have a very slow paste and the earlier ones do not prepare you that well for the homework assignments. However once you get used to it you will manage to get an idea about the assignments from the lectures. Still the same problem is illustrated way too often in the same lecture. One could either add different problems or shorten the lectures a lot. With time it is possible to learn when one can skip a section but it makes it especially hard for people to start the course, since one spends hours watching videos for just learning about basic syntax in the beginning - For some of the homework assignments the mathematical part was the bigger challenge for me than the coding part, which is really frustrating when you just want to learn how to code.
I started this course as a complete beginner not only in MATLAB but in programming in general. The lectures are really straight foward and they use practical examples that you can recreate in MATLAB and they are not heavy on the theory part. Every week comes with a bunch of assigments and there is a grading system that automatically tests your code which is very useful and makes the whole process quicker. As a beginner, I noticed that these assignments started getting very challenging after the first half of the course but luckily there is a very useful forum where you can get some support and see other people threads as well as a lot of tips given by the instructor. I personally got stuck a few times but the instructor replied in no time in deep detail so I was able to figure out what I was missing. I really recommend this course to everyone; in just a few weeks I was able to go from not knowing anything about programming to writing MATLAB code on my own.
Great course for the most part but, in my opinion, this is not an introductory course. It seems to be more like an introductory course if you have taken one but did not exactly pass the first time. The videos are easy enough to follow and he is very good at explaining as he goes but whereas the difficulty level of the videos is at a two, the difficulty level is at an eight. Luckily for me, I was taking this class for work and at work so I was able to get help when needed, but even then it was still a struggle for the majority of my colleagues to help me when it came down to actually doing the homework.  So I would either recommend matching the difficulty level of the homework assignments to the videos or changing the course to a second introductory course, just to recap on past experience. Even though it sounds like I did complain, it was still an amazing class leading to 4/5 star review.
for me i got more than what i expected in that course> the instructor really has an awesome way in presenting the tools and concepts in the videos> some of the videos included info that i already knew previously but i was hearing about it here in a different helpful manner> some of the info shown here were presented in a manner that's more helpful and organized than the documentation of the MATLAB itself for me.> A part of the course videos was really long it exceeded 30 minutes which was really boring to me and frankly speaking forced me to resist the need to procrastinate completing the video many times.> Finally, I'm really happy at the end of that course as i found a lot of material and support and motivated way to learn new staff > thanks to all of you for your efforts to produce such a strong course
I was noob to take this course. I wished i would get much help by doing this course. At the beginning of this course, until week 5. I was trying and trying to write a code and get a solution. It was not that easy but somehow manageable. I tried and tried. It took more than 2 hours to complete a code for me. But after week 5, it was very hard for me. It was so depressing that, i couldn't solve a problem by myself. I had to take help from my friends to solve each problem. I thought i missed something, thats why i am facing this problem. But no, i didn't miss any lectures. Out of nowhere hardest problems just pops up on the monitor! I don't know if everyone feels the same way or only me. But it was a great course indeed. The instructor tried his best and he is very cool.
I highly recommend this course created by valuable professors and mentored with valuable enthusiasts. It is a hard course especially for beginners like me, but it certainly gives you the aspect on how to think like a programmer while teaching Matlab's good features throughout the course. If you are interested in programming, if you want to practice on programming on Matlab, this is the course what you look for. I also suggest you to get the certificate. Engineers and scientists would surely benefit from it. The only things I criticize are that the course is much harder than expected for beginners and the lessons are not really comprehensive even if they are highly beneficial and of high quality. Thanks!
Honestly i liked the way he teach and especially is some bad jokes and all, besides the first 5 weeks is really interesting and keeps me concentrate enough to him and after that you know well the programming parts comes and literally started getting dizzy and at last like come on still how much i have got to go. Finally the assignments that's really tested my patience because for most of the assignment i don't the concept and all, so i just really googled it and read one by one line to understand the concept behind that. And I don't know weather i am going to use this MATLAB and all but now itself i am glad that i know MATLAB somewhat.once again Thank you professor and everyone in this team.
Easy to understand.... Just perfect for people who are new to programming. Well, to be able to finish the assignment.... you would need a little understanding of Maths. During this course, you will learn the basic understanding of programming, how computer works, and as well how to program in Matlab & some Matlab term( Basic Calculation, Matrices, Vectors, Scalar, Functions, Built-in Function, Selection, Loop, Data Type, File Input/Output ). After completing the course, you should be equipped with basic  solid understanding of programming in Matlab. This may help you to build complex algorithm in the near future.
I would like to mention the positive and negative aspects of this course separately.Postives sides: 1. Covers many many things of matlab. 2. Assignments are really involving. 3. Very expert instructor.Negative sides: 1. Sometimes, the assignments are a bit too involving and the problems are sometimes not explained as much as it was needed. 2. Some of the videos are a bit too long.Overall: A great course. If you remain consistent throughout the course, complete the assignments regularly, you will definitely come out well-acquainted with matlab and confident about using it in your discipline.
A very good course for beginners who have little or no knowledge about MATLAB. It starts from scratch one and explains everything in detail with ample amount of examples. The instructor keeps cracking jokes to make it sound funny so that you don't fall asleep in between ! The assignments keep becoming tricky as you pass on to higher lessons and require a lot of practice as it tests the knowledge beyond the scope of the online lectures provided here. Overall its a good head-start learning course for anybody who is interested in working with MATLAB - The Matrix Laboratory !
The course on overall basis was good. The instructor tried his best. The content of the course was perfect for beginners but the assignments really would upset any beginner, though I was fine as I have enough background. The assignments on the brighter side leads to logic development of one's. The difficulty of assignments in the very last week steeps upwards and no background of it is provided in that weeks lecture ,although one can always learn on their own after coming this far. On completing this course by yourself you'll surely think that it was worthy !
Overall, clear explanation and helpful interaction. The professor is skilled at introducing the intuition behind the formulas and codes. However, the assignments are isolated from the video lecture. Hence, it is difficult for those with little or no previous programming experience to pass this course. Also, hard to practice what we have learned from the lecture. I believe here is the room for improvement: Delete assignments that is too complicated and instead add the task of manageable levels to help students to understand more.
Very well done, I loved the lectures and enjoyed the assignments. I had no previous experience of programming and I found the explanation of the concepts very clear.The main critique for me is that ,for some of the problems, not having a background in physics might be..well..too challenging! It took me hours only to read about the theory behind the question, to find out the appropriate formula to use in the code, whilst writing the actual program was pretty quick.Other than that, I would certainly recommend the course.
Very good and serious course. I passed it in four sessions, having break of a couple of months between each of them. Yet, after interruptions I was immediately comfortable with Matlab. The previously acquired skills were not forgotten.Explanations are very detailed (sometimes too much detailed for me), and the exercises encourage research of additional functionalities. Pity that programming tasks for the last Lesson are not really related to it, and some of them are rather boring than challenging.
This is truly a great course
for MATLAB beginner or even for an intermediate learner to clear the concept.
This makes me able to think like a programmer. The descriptions and practice
problems are up to the mark. This should be the first course to anyone new to
the MATLAB and want to peruse a career in MATLAB programming. One
suggestion is to use little more easy problems in assignments and increase the
difficulty levels gradually. Also, suggest some practice problems source or
books.
The course was really great, I enjoyed it. It was easy to understand, however the lecture took so long, its designed for nonprogrammers and sometimes I felt I should speed up the video to listen quickly to many parts during the lecture. Regarding the quizzes, I think it would be better to jump levels in the quizzes. The quizzes in the first 7 weeks were relatively very easy compared to the last two that took lots of time and thinking to figure out how to solve them.
I got stuck in some of last week assignment, and did not have any clue what was going on. So, I refered MATLAB Community and got answer..... but still not satisfied got from that. Could you make an explanation video on Week 9 assignment and Post it in the Youtube, so that I can get overall clear explanation of what was going on?!. I have already subscribed to your Youtube channel. I loved your course, and learned so many things, Thank you sir!
The course materials are good and very well presented by course instructor. However, the homeworks are not that well designed. The main focus goes to the mathematics behind the problems instead of focusing on the programming skills. So doing the homeworks was kind of boring staffs, as I had to spend time for mathematics instead of Matlab itself. Nevertheless this course is highly recommended to get in to MATLAB programming.
The course was excellent. Although there is more to MATLAB but it's enough for a beginner. The assignments were good . I think there should be more tough assignments in between the lessons because the final problems were way tougher than the in-between lesson problems. Even though the final problems were very interesting and challenging to complete. Overall it was a very good course with a wonderful lecturer.
The course was very helpful in learning the basics of Matlab coding. Though i had an academic course in my institute on Matlab, this course helped me to strenghen my previous knowledge and also made me a better Matlab user. I found the last few exams difficult to crack. However, i am happy that i am able to finish this long course. Thanks to all the peopel behind this course. Thanks for your effort.
This Course really helped me in clearing basic concepts in MATLAB and has definitely provided me with the necessary skills and confidence to use it in handling the real life practical problem.This course also provides good base if you want to study advanced topic in MATLAB.Although most the assignment were simple and easy but final assignment must require separate video to really understand them.
The course definitely requires some programming experience. I would appreciate to have some more practice questions before hitting the problem set. Problems in the first couple of weeks were too easy, and the rest of them assumed prior experience in at least some kind of programming. In all, I think it will give you a solid base for the beginning, alghouth you may not understand it completely.
Very good and basic introduction to Matlab. If you are blank on the programming. It is recommend and almost no program pre-knowlege requirement. If you have some experience on python(or Numpy), you will see most of them are similar and very quick to handle Matlab work. The teacher and saffing team are very friendly and can response you very quickly when you have some challenge during learning.
More guidance on the assignments towards the last couple of weeks would be useful. Instructions on how to procced with the tougher assignments should be given as this is a course for beginners to programming as a whole not to experienced programmers who are new to MATLAB. Other than that, course content is the best for beginners who want to learn MATLAB.Course Content  & Delivery: 5/5
Really educational, but a lot of the problems expected you to know matlab functions already.  I started this course thinking it was an introduction, but upon re-reading the course overview it said 'Nevertheless, this course is not a MATLAB tutorial.'  I was still able to complete the course, but I wish problems would have been more relevant to practicing skills taught in the videos.
This courses covers a lot of useful stuffs in Python making it really very comprehensive. While homework and exams remain at an entry level. However, I strongly recommend more programming homework added and completion time expanded in order to let students go further. Also, if you want to explore every stuff in this course like me, it will take much more time than it suggests.
I have been working on MATLAB for a long time. I managed to complete this course quickly. The First 7 weeks are really easy in the last two weeks are really difficult. The instructor is focusing on the theoretical part instead he can tell more about the functions required for the assignment.  We have to google for function for lots of time. Everything else is fine.
Very good course, with clear explanations of the key concepts. However, I felt hindered in being able to complete all tasks in the homeworks each week as many questions alienate someone like me with little mathematics/physics background. I feel if the questions were more general I would have been able to perform better each week. Very good lecture content though.
Things are good but learner should have a prior knowledge of coding (in any language).Also, the problems of last 2 weeks are very very good, even they were showing 1 hr. to solve but it took me more than half a day for each, one whole day for the last one. I know I am way too slow, but what I recommend the University to have video solutions to these problems !!!
This course started with absolute ground level basics and went up to a moderate level. I really liked this course, especially the challenging assignments which were quite standard I mist say. Thank You all for developing such an amazing course and keeping it updated as more features and functions are introduced by Mathworks in the newer versions of MATLAB.
A very well designed course for both total beginners and those seeking to add to their knowledge of MATLAB. The assignments at the end seem to be oriented though towards computer science and were tough for a mechanical engineer like me, wanting numerical problem solving. A well taught course with an extremely nice lecturer, who keeps it interesting.
Assessments become a bit too difficult from week 6 or the text does not carry the goal of the test as clearly as it did for previous weeks. The examples given in the course are extremely easy compare to what is asked during assessments and some of the MATLAB functions that are necessary to write the code are not mention prior to the test.
The course was really amazing and very useful but I think many other points should be explained. Also, the solutions provided are not self-explanatory. A separate video should be added to explain the solutions to the assignments. The biggest problem was that the final problems at the end of the course are very hard are not useful at all.
This course was amazing but one thing it lacked was solved examples. We should have given 1 day of time for solved examples and then there should have been a locked video that opens after 24 hrs of reaching that mark. This way students like be would have gotten more knowledge about how to handle given problem in professional approach
Excellent experience and amazing programming explanations. I thing that from lesson 4 on, the assessments were very hard to be approved (more difficult than the previous examples). Anyway I really recommend the course for those who has not experience with programming languages (like me) or those that want to know how MATLAB works.
I enjoyed the class so much! It's a very good introduction to MATLAB. The Instructor is so smart and so FUNNY!I liked so much the last tests, they are realistic and useful.If you know nothing about MATLAB and you want to learn, this is literally the course you need.If you aren't a beginner in MATLAB, I suggest another course.
The course is very good. The difficulty gradually increases so that you can challenge yourself. The only reason why I dont give it 5 stars is because at the end I feel the assignments were not clear at all. At the very last one, I literally didn't understand what I should do so it took me too much time just to figure it out.
Very complete and interesting course for getting started with MatLab. Though some of the final assignments were quiet hard, the lessons with Mike were really fun and usefull, and so the ability to rewatch them.I woud gladly recommend this course to the people with little experience who want to start working with MatLab soon.
i am in the third week of this course and it is  designed for a beginner. They give very minute details about everything.In my opinion  the best way to learn is by making mistakes and accepting them and this course is all about learning from your mistakes. they assignment are not difficult but require a little thinking.
The course is really beneficial especially for beginners. The instructor is amazing his way of teaching. I was able to understand in detail the concepts and was successfully able to apply the things on my own in the assignments. Still i wish if the lectures were shorter in length as some of the videos were quite long.
Pace was good, one suggestion is that for the additional test cases in the grading tool, please provide the some indication of what input arguments are used so that I can put test it out on MATLAB before submitting. This is especially the case for those where pressing "Submit" incurs a long waiting/processing time.
I like this course because of its step by step explanation and real computing problems. On the other hand the last exercises is a bit boring for me especially. I hope I will finish this course . I also want to recommend to everybody who is just started to learn computing, may be you must be good in English.
During this course, I learnt MATLAB programming concepts from very basics and got opportunities to implement the concepts successively. Those assignments gave me enough confidence to work with MATLAB and solve numerical problems using it. Moving forward I am looking for more practice in MATLAB programming.
It would be better to introduce more examples for total beginners so that they are not thrown into the challenging questions immediately. Many of the items that were asked required a deeper understanding of the language than what was covered in the videos and it took away from the learning experience.
The course was really insightful and interesting. I really like the humor of the professor and he did a very good job as a teacher. However, some of the exercises were really challenging, that takes up lot of time. If some of those concepts can be taught in the course that would be really good.
Very good teaching.I loved it.But what made me to deduct one star is that the assignments in last three lessons were way too hard for beginners. But, it is also good in some way because , that motivates you to do more difficult problems. Also, I thank my teachers for their awesome teaching....
It was amazing course and professor Mike Fitzpatrick's teaching style was too good and no one would teach matlab programming in so simple and easy to understand way. Course assignments was cool it helped me in increasing my problem solving skill and different ways to solve particular problem.
An otherwise fantastic course, although some of the homework assignments at the end may need a more elaborate descriptions of what is expected, in order to help debug, rather than having to search the forums and office hours. But, a good course for learning MATLAB, even the mundane parts.
A nice foundation course for MATLAB amateurs. As a beginner, the lessons are well explained by the instructors and there are quizzes that gives you a chance to test your skills after the modules. The course also provides free MATLAB Online access, so the learning is even more comfortable.
This is a course that every Matlab beginners should attend. The course starts with some basics but getting more and more challenging later. If you stick til the end of the course, you can learn a lot from all materials and assignments. Thank you for creating this course, I enjoyed it.
This course is useful and informative. I have learnt a lot. Also I hope I can find another courses about Simulink or Advanced Programming with MATLAB introduced by the same instructor. Thank you Mr. Fitzpatrick and Mr. Ledeczi. Thank you Vanderbilt University. Thank you much Coursera!
The content was well explained and the instructor is amazing. The only problem is that the assignment questions are not clearly explained. More examples need to be provided in the question. I was totally clueless after reading the question. Otherwise the learning part is commendable.
The lectures and materials were very very good, but the difficulty level and knowledge requirements of the homework tasks was far beyond what was covered. They said it should take two hours a week and I would sometimes spend 2+ hours on one problem (there's about 8 in each homework).
I learned a lot from this course. The only thing i observed this course was lacking is that the video lectures and the homework assignments given were not perfectly in sync with each other, as the lectures did not completely cover the things we were supposed to do in assignments.
This is my first time to use MATLAB and get very informative sessions. I have learned basic commands from this course.  It was difficult for me to solve week 7,8,9 assignments but somehow I manage. It was a wonderful experience. I have to practice more to familiar with MATLAB.
The lessons are good but some of the assignments - especially the final ones - will require you to do your own research on how to accomplish tasks. I did not purchase the book as it was not mandatory but there is a good chance that it would have helped with the assignments.
I think that this course is good but only if you have access to the book they are suggesting ( or the money to buy it). After week 4 it started getting difficult for me to write the mini fuctions and commands needed. This is my first experience with MATLAB and programming.
Great course! From the lucid, well presented content, it is a joy for a beginner as well as a seasoned programmer to take home something from this course. Please do bring out an extended version dedicated to image processing, signal processing which MATLAB mainly covers :)
it is a very good tool for all the mathematical calculations and it will helpful for solving that ranges from basic to higher end . i have learnt a lot of programming skills in this course with the guidance of good lecture videos .it helps me a lot in the future.Thank you
Informative course at a good level, i.e. neither too difficult nor too basic. The only improvement I would suggest is that I would have liked a more detailed description for the tasks in Week 9. Sometimes it was difficult to figure out what we were asked to do.
Course is really nice, got to learn a lot. The 3 Assignments provided at the end of the course was more fun. There could have been more than 3 exercises for practice. As its applications based problems, it felt more lively to solve and found more exciting.
The course is really great! It starts from covering minute details and heads to complex problems. All the assignments are fun, thought provoking and really teach you to apply what you learn. I wish the creators of this course all the best for the future.
The course was great although one suggestion would be that level of assignment problems was very easy upto week7 and last 2 weeks had very tough ones. So a gradual increase in difficulty would help us to solve tough one's with better approach. Thank you
good, i request you to kindly present a video on how to get the MATLAB sute for the course. I had learn quickly its a good type of learning i feel its like my normal college class with the best faculty. thank's to the coursera Vanderbilt university.
Quizzes hit you like a curve-ball, and the final exam is very challenging. But overall, it opened my eyes to what MATLAB can do and the learning experience is well worth it along with figuring out the solutions is sooooooooo gratifying. Thank you.
It is an amazing courese for beginners. Instructor is also great. You will enjoy learning under him. it is properly structured. Few drawbacks which I have found is the lack of number of assignments and the missing lecture on code optimisation
Very usefull, learning a lot of interesting and important things like thinking like a computer, but it was a little bit hard in the last weeks and i think that these things in these weeks are not using in every day life from a no-programmer.
towards the end .. it got really vague. it took a lot of effort to learn about audio processing and text processing , and the videos didn't do enough justice explaining them. but the rest was really helpful and the course was good overall.
Great for beginners, you get to approach programming slightly by the lens of a mathematician, an amazing course, but for someone a bit towards novice side, go for it, it finds application in every major research field, you won't regret it.
Instructor of this course  is a very good teacher who encourage  to do something interesting.  This course has definitely provided me with the necessary skills and confidence to use it in tackling the practical problems in the real world.
I agree with other reviews that the assignments (compared to the lectures) are quite tricky if you have no background in Matlab or another programming language. I had a Matlab course >10 years ago and this course was a nice refresher.
How to get MATLAB license for this course, there is no instructio or Menu as said in the lesson-1, visited Vanderbilt Website and also Mathwork website asking course offering institutions email id please help govarthanvijay@gmail.com
Very engaging presenter.  Some of the assignments tested more than your ability to program MatLab... sometimes it took a great deal of  research  to understand the type of problem you  were being asked to solve (e.g. echo generator).
A very good course. The instructor is trying his best to make the lessons more interesting. A small drawback is that the 2 last assignments need a better explanation. I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn the basics of MatLab.
easy to understand and step by step learning, But the assignments are a a little difficult and use some extra sources than the video lectures as we need to consult the book for some functions .overall best platform and course learnt
Good introduction to MATLAB, loved the final exercises. It would be better if there is few more details provided on the exercises. Sometimes its difficult to know which formula's to use or what should happen on boundary conditions.
I think the course was very good, it really taught me how to program in MATLAB well. The only drawbacks where that it did not go over allot of functions that could have been used. Also, some of the HW assignments were unreasonable.
A very effective course indeed. Instructor is awesome & very funny. He is one of the best instructor I've seen. The course is very interesting. The forum is also very helpful. But the exercises needs a little more explanation.
Thanks a lot to all the teachers and assistants, you have helped me a lot. The lesson structure is clear and the explanation is easy to understand. I think it would be better if we can get some knowledge about some toolboxes.
A good introduction to MatLab but a lot of the homework problems could be worded more clearly and many should be changed so that one doesn't have to look up highly detailed information that doesn't pertain to programming.
the course covers most typical sections of MATLAB ,overall the course is very useful for beginners the only thing i will like to suggest is introducing some more built-in functions which might save us dozens of commands.
some upper level concepts are required towards the end, so be prepared by learning from blogs and specially from YOUTUBE.also if you got any friend or senior towards coding please do join him to grab some more concepts.
It was a nicely coordinated course and really helpful for practicing MATLAB but some of the assignment questions were a little bit unclear. Other than that the course was thoroughly awesome. Thank you to the mentor.
last 2 week assignment too much difficult am unable to solve it ,  I take help from matlab central. in video  not so much helpful to solve assignment .but i think programming needs lot of practice not only reading.
Good course overall, however I feel that giving more problems to work would be beneficial. There should be worked problems in each section so that students can gain a better understanding of how to write the code.
Assignments were too tough, specially in the end. The question were good and challenging but I would suggest you explain a few such types of problems in your video lecture and then move to hard sums. Thank you
sir,Fitzpatrick is excellent in the video lecture.Making us entertain throughout the course and therefore making the course easier.i am just near to complete my course and had an amazing experience till date.
This course was really amazing and it is well scripted and made. A great effort by the teachers who made these lectures and it never seemed boring or cumbersome to me at any point of time during the course.
I didn't like the assignment of echo. The description was not sufficient to understand the mechanism of putting echo by code. Except this, the assignments were exciting and the lectures were clear.
Although it is filtered as a Beginner's level course, but I have to admit it that completing this course is quite tough, especially latter half. Other than that, overall experience was fabulous.
The course was very informative and ideal for beginners. It can be a bit challenging during the later lessons however the forums are there to help you with those assignments you find difficult.
COURSE IS PRETTY EASY IN THE BEGINNING  BUT IT BECOMES EXTREMELY TOUGH FOR AN AMATEUR PROGRAMMER SO ITS BETTER TO HAVE A GOOD INSIGHT INTO PROGRAMMING IN GENERAL PRIOR TO STARTING THIS COURSE
I found the language in some of the exercises a bit difficult to understand. The last exercise was very challenging and mostly because it took me a while to understand what was been asked.
I think the last few assignments were really tough. there should have been much more classes related to those final assignments. although, it was a great journey to begin with the MATLAB.
I have loved the learning i have been able to do and look forward to taking many more classes with them...The videos are very well done . I appreciate the format  and set up of course..
The course was really nicely structured and the assignment was almost completely related to the video tutorial. Though it would have been great if we had dealt more in image processing.
It's very recommended for beginnersI am one of them and I've learnt so muchI wanted some more details , extra level and solutions for assignments but it still very good and useful
I found this course very informative and handy for knowledge. The homework was undeniably tricky but try your best at it and don't give up thinking. Keep thinking and persisting.
Basic Matlab usage, not very advanced aspect of Matlab because it is an introductory course. But I think the assignments are very useful and can help develop programming skills.
Instructor and teaching both are good. But i found that last three to four assignment are a bit difficult for a beginner, that's the only reason i deduce one star from rating.
Great course! A humorous and brilliant instructor makes this course an awesome learning journey! But I felt that assignments were a bit too challenging for the beginner level.
very informative and easy to follow, lots of new techniques that should help me on my way. It was fun to learn programming with matlab thankyou for your guidance and support.
It was very interesting to learn programming with MATLAB, kind of matrices involved everywhere which has invoked more curiosity in me! Thank you, the staff were excellent.
The course was informative and provided the basic programming skill on MatLab. The course also provided innovative assignments that build up your problem-solving skills.
the explanation was fantastic the material was good.But some graphs and plotting concepts were missing.it would be better if you include some graph plotting functions.
last two weeks require few more exmples something related to the home work so that students may know how to approach the different problem in differert way thank you .
A very useful course for beginners in Matlab programming. It helps to understand the basic concept of programming which you can utilize in different programming also.
This course is very easy to follow even if one has very little prior knowledge about programming. Great course to get anyone started with programming in MATLAB.
I would recommend  this course to everyone who has interest in maths with programming. This course will be beneficial for my further study in computer science.
Very good for both beginners in programming starting off with MATLAB and those wishing to learn a new language. Great material and the e-book is a nice add-on
This course was a good introduction to Matlab. My only criticism is that some of the assignment prompts are vague and the feedback in the forums can be slow.
The assignments were challenging, lectures were long. Overall great lessons learnt and quite a lot of coding practice done while completing this course.
the instructor sometimes is boringwhen he was illustrating on matlab the application it self i couldnt see what he was writing because of the subtitle
The course gave me wonderful experience of MATLAB. The course assignments were really helpful to test the logical thinking and MATLAB features.Thanks.
So far the course appears to be very good, but the request for an upgrade after every video becomes more and more annoying as the number multiplies
The Course was very well framed. Although what they teach you is not enough, the assignments are very challenging indeed. Overall course is great.
Nicely complied course to learn MATLAB. All the assignment are worth solving since it helped in practical implementation of what is being taught.
the course is over all to good but i last of the course we have some problems to understand some structs and many other things in last to weeks
The course was nice, i learned lots of concept of introductory functions of matlab,which will help me for the future programming applications.
I didn't know anything about programming and with this course now I feel more confident to try to do a new type of analysis in my experiments.
The course is really helpful. I think MATLAB is one of the easiest programming language to learn if you are not from I.T. background like me.
This course is amazing. I learned a lot of new MATLAB tricks that did not know aboutIt was very easy and interesting to follow. Thank you.
good course but if it had more progress in matlab, it'd be better.i mean that the content is so little. it contained few topics in Matlab
If only it has a section to introduce the usage of pde toolbox, but this course is still so good and the teacher is humour. Thank you!
it's been a pretty good and well-explained course's which i have been ever taken . Amazing instructor every week is like an adventure
IF BUILTINFUNCTIONS ARE EXPLAINED AT STARTING,IT WILL BE MORE HELPFUL INDOING ASSIGNMENTS AND WRITING A PROGRAM FOR NEW FUNCTIONS
Course was quite good. Explanations were easy to follow. I think the last chapter should have been covered a bit more in detail.
the course was good and ia can able to learn the programming in matlab and also the image recogonition and saddle point concept.
great class but difficult didn't expect it to be the caliber it is, but slightly not surprising since its offered at Vanderbilt
It's a great course if you need to learn basics of MATLAB syntax. I also recommend watching the most lectures on x1.25 speed ;)
It is good to learn programs with easier solving problems . We can Design ,debug , architecture with problems through MATLAB .
audio processing question related data should have been explained. Like for starters we don't know what is s time series data
It was a great course. I learned a lot. but the grading policy is tough to get 75% to pass. Overall the experience was great.
I had much difficulties to solve the last final assignments. It will be better if you added details on audio and image files
It was an excellent course as an introductory class. I feel like we could have had more problems, but overall it was great!
the course is very fine in the beginning it seems easy but as the lessons pass it became harder which gives kick to do it.
the only real issue was the fact that some of the assignments objectives were really vague and required more explanations.
The course is really good. but the final problems are bit too hard to solve for me as a person with no coding background.
good programming language to learn.it opens up a wide variety to solve any problem in which mathematics modeling is used.
Informational and interesting course that goes from the basics of the MATLAB interface to writing programs using MATLAB.
This course is really wonderful. The teachers of this course try to expose all the syntax and problems  easy and nicely.
The way of teaching is good .The given examples explaination was also good The assignments was quite realated and doable
The lessons are very clear and easy to follow . However, the assignments are quite difficult for non-programming people.
Certain videos are long, which could be made shorter. The basic exercises and practices are few. The book is excellent.
I like this course. If we can get subtitles while the teacher is teaching, we can get to know many things.thank you.
I recommend this session to all aspiring MATLAB programmer. The course is managed and student can learn very easily.
Videos are okay, but the learning of software should be in the forms of worked out examples parallel to explanation
The course is useful for beginners and new learners. Nut the difficulty of graded external tool increases suddenly.
Make errors more clear. When i was solving any problem and error occurred, the external tool was not of much help.
i liked the way of teaching from this online classes. now i can go for learning advance matlab. i enjoyed classes.
The explanations are really good, but some of them are too long and boring (i wish they would more comprehensive)
A very good platform for basic learners of MATLAB.The assignments are effective. It was a good experience for me.
I am new to MATLAB, i learned a lot from this course. I will try to solve more engineering problems using MATLAB
whenever i gets any confusion regarding any problem in matlab, u can just revisit it , then it gets clarified
The last 2 weeks were so long and not effective as the previous ones, But total it was very good and helpful
This course was challenging, because it involved not only coding but problem solving with math through code.
These course is very help full in my future.The course is very good and am enthusiastic to learn this course
A USEFUL COURSE IN MY LOCKDOWN PERIOD. I GAINED A GOOD KNOWLEDGE IN MATH CONCEPT IN THE PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE
This course was great but at the end I was doing more than my line of work (Psychology statistics) requires.
The assignments towards the 7th 8th and 9th week should be more in relation to what is taught in the video.
it was really really good experience. very good tutor. expecting some discount depending on my performance.
Good course for matlab beginners, helps alot in writing functions and plotting. Explaination is excellent.
This course was really helpful and people who like to learn basics of matlab they can join this course. :)
it is a very good introductory course, i'm really enjoying it! however, lessons can sometimes be very slow
Video Lectures were truely relevant and understoodable easily but Graded Assignmnets were somewhat tough
The topics covered were good! But the videos were too lengthy and were unable to view in landscape mode!
Very challenging exercises, videos are mostly insightful but can be made in more parts so it's not long
Useful introductory course.  Assignments are helpful, though it sometimes also gets quite mathematical.
explanation of details is excellent ! but speed is a few low ! and please be more advancethank you Fitz
Had a great experience with this tool. It really connect my skills from virtual world to a real world.
GOOD MORNING SIR,its very helpful to learn the Matlab program for the beginners also and thank you sir
Thank you for beginning with the basics!  I appreciate that you assumed that we did not know anything!
there could have been more explanation about assignment question by adding examples in each question.
Great videos. Need more practical questions and exercises without a large jump in difficulty, though
The content was good.I suggest for beginners it's a very good course to understand basics of MATLAB.
It is really a very helpful and amazing tutorial, as it contains many interesting and new problems.
Course was really informative, little boring also. And last week assignment was really very tough.
Very Nice Course. It create a great interest in MATLAB. It will help me and my students in future.
This was an amazing journey  to develop my skill and knowledge,   thanks to VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY
Way of teaching was great. its easily understandable with alot of problems for practice purpose
IT'S VERY HELPFUL AND EASY TO UNDERSTAND.I LEARNT BASICS OF MATLAB.THIS COURSE IS VERY HELPFUL
GREAT FOR LEARNING BASICS OF MATLAB, though practise exercises were difficult and good quality
sir's teaching methods were very good .Students can easily understand the difficult concepts
Overall, a very good course. A few more examples to practice the concepts would be helpful.
Great course ,to start with MATLAB ,would like to thank the instructor and support staff .
It is a good course for anyone who wish to learn basic programming, matlab applications.
Started from the basics and taken to expert level. The instructor is good in explaining.
Its an excellent and engaging course with a hands on approach which is very effective.
Good course, but the problem descriptions of the final assignments could be improved.
thank you for these type of free course we acpect more these type of course in future
thank you sir,this is the great course happy to learn matlab by vanderbilt university
Good course giving all the information and perfect examples to begin learning MATLAB.
Very well explained by the instructor. Coursera is a very good platform for learning.
Even though it was difficult to comprehend but it was helpful for future preferences
It was fun doing this course and now I'm able to write a program on my own.thank you
Well structured course. It's an important one for specially engineers and scientist.
easily understandable, homework and final problems are extremely challenging though
Excellent course! But.. needs more attention for practicing the practical exercises
very useful course .Every video is define so nicely and each step of the programme
BEST WAY TO LEARN  THIS MATLAB PROGRAMMING .THANK YOU FOR GIVING THIS OPPORTUNITY.
So easy... But the problem description of some homework assignments is very vague.
Course was useful. Felt that it could have been a little simpler towards the end.
Awesome content and very easily taught syllabus. Programming was never this easy.
Anyone can take this course and he/she will surely get the basics idea of MATLAB
it was really a challenging course. I learnt many new commands and techniques.
Very well structured course and quite a helpful tool for engineering students.
This course is beneficial for engineering students to know how to run matlab.
It is a good course, you work a lot but the teachers show you enough to learn
The course was very good. To the end a liitlr bit havy, but good.Many thanks
I love the way the instructor of the course delivered it. Kudos to you sir
helped me out a lot! explained so thoroughly even idiots could understand.
VERY INTRESTING COURSE AND IT HELPED IN LEARNING THE BASICS OF PROGRAMMING
good but more examples and shorter videos would have made me give a 5 star
i m very thankful to you sir....... the best larning site ever in my life
course was really ,instructors were also goodi really enjoyed the course
great experience, exploring functional matlab, and great community helps
This is very good course, great mind storming while doing assignment...
Good course that summarizes all basic functions and concepts of MATLAB
sir where download certificate tell me sir sir please send me mail sir
i have many new things  from this course from basic to expert level..
this course was very much interesting and I am happy to complete it.
Veryelaboratecourse.HoweverIalreadyknewMATLABsoItwaseasIerformetodoI
66/5000
It is an excellent course to introduce knowledge of Matlab.
There is a requirement of upgrading course to new version of MatLab
good teaching method . and examination is plus point of this course
the assignments were difficult to solve and I tried to solve some.
It was definitely a good course for learning the basics of MATLAB.
the videos sometimes show a very little part of the tutor's screen
A good introductory course for beginners in programming and Matlab
The lectures had very detailed explanations. It was easy to grasp.
It was a very good kick start for me to learn the basics of MATLAB
Thanks  to mike fetzpatrick sir and their Team for amazing course.
Best Matlab introduction course, I like the way instructor taught
Very Good course. It teaches the MATLAB with very basic details.
Very good course ,i learnt so many things through this course .
I enjoyed the course and assignments! It was a fun experience.
well designed course. Learnt a lot from the course. Thank you
It is very good course for those who are beginner to matlab.
Understandable and not boring. Assignement problems too hard
It was really a nice course to get he fundamental of MATLAB.
I like the teaching way of instructor.GOd bless you MR.____
Some of the steps given in he course were too steep for me.
SUPERB COURSE............many thing to learn good teachers
Good for beginner and student who just study in university
The course was very good to learn programming with MATLAB.
For technical students , last 2 week course is not needed.
It is a wonderful course and understanding is made simple.
It was good course and i am satisfied with  this sessions
Really, the programming tasks need more precise wordings.
Its good but more real-life problems should be included.
I found this course very useful to accelerate my career.
Very good course, it has some mind-blowing problem sets.
Clean and practical MATLAB introduction, really enjoyed
Very good structured and effective techniques are used.
It was agreat learning. Hope to learn more. Thank you
explanations are bit boring,if possible improve this.
A good start for the person who want to learn MATLAB.
This course so helpfull me in  university.Thank you.
Best course for MATLAB... especially the beginners.
This was a great introductory course. I felt some o
content was awesome. The tasks were of good level.
Good course. Well taught. Great resource to begin.
good assignment and staff gives attention to all.
Amazing course......MIKE is an amazing teacher...
A very good and extensive tutorial for beginners.
This course is handy for introduction to MATLAB.
it was good and full of useful primary knowledge
Very helpful introduction to Matlab programming.
i wish it had some homeworks after each section
I highly recommend it for all MATLAB beginners
It was an exhaustive and exploring experience.
Really Great course to start learning MATLAB.
Its a real class experience here at Coursera.
We learn almost all Tool Boxes .Great Course.
Very useful and best for the beginner people.
yeah it's good and mainly you understand well
awesome learning, prof. Fitzpatrick is cool
it is a good course for beginners like me.
very good kurs for beginner. Thx so much!
Homework was too challenging for beginner
Really Good Course. Highly Recommendable.
Last Assignments were very much tougher.
Best way to learn MATLAB for a beginner.
Great to start with varied applications.
Great to learn so many important things
happy to learn matlab coding, thank you
good opportunity to learn from scratch
A good course for beginners to coding.
Some assignment are so physics related
Excellent course, easy to understand
a good course for matlab programming
a very well planned course stratergy
it's very long and a bit difficult
really very useful for beginners.
the assignments were really tough
It is a great course. Thank You.
great site to learn new courses
wonderful course helped a lot.
This is a challenging course.!
Very Good Introductory Course.
very good course for beginers
it is really very good course
needs more specific deatails
A must course for beginners.
Now it's better than before.
It was a  great experience!
good course to learn matlab
Great course to begin with.
too much uncessesary words
GoodwayofexplainationSir.
A well-structured course.
its a really good course
Examples are really Good
very simple and so good
really enjoyed learning
sometimes pace is fast
This is a good course
Very good course 
a challenging course
it is a nice program
good and intresting
So helpfully course
Exceptionally good.
Very nicely taught
a very nice course
awesome to done .
Awesome teaching
It's informative
I love it!!
very superb
It was a very involving course! Everything is taught by doing it practically. Assignments are really good and make you adept in what you learn the whole week. As far, the Best MOOC I've completed.
Week 9 assignment should be little bit easy or else more information should be provided in the lecture. Overall I really enjoyed the course. It just build my foundation and rest depends on me. Thank you coursera for providing this course.
Very good course, it has some really mind blowing problem sets. I would suggest everyone to hit the problems with a blank mind, i found completely different ways to solve them, and that was amazing.
There is much more to MATLAB than what the course can cover.  But It has definitely provided me with the necessary skills and confidence  to use it in tackling the practical problems in the real world.
I REALLY LOVE THIS COURSE!!! 20 days ago, I am not familiar about MATLAB, and one of my friend who is very good at using it and he recommended me to learn the course. I was so afraid of learning programming at the beginning but when I firstly wrote the function by myself, I felt extremely exhilarated! I really enjoy MATLAB! After I learned how to use debugger, it helps me a lot when I debug my function! To be honest, you really need to spend a lot time to complete quizzes after each lessons. Although some problems sets are difficult, they are absolutely interesting! I am thinking of the structures of function even when I was walking, eating or sleeping! There are many times that I thought of the problems when I slept and I programmed the function immediately when I waked up. Oops, I forget to say that I majored at biotechnology, so this course is friendly to naive learner.Just do it! When you decide to learn it, I am sure you are definitely to 'open' yourself a new world! Thank you very much, @Paul. A very very very nice mentor! Really hope to see you in USA in the future!I LOVE MATLAB!
Excellent course! If you are a beginner, this course is for you: you will learn programming in MATLAB.If you already have some experience, this course is for you too: you will refresh many things you probably forgot about MATLAB.
One of the best courses I have enrolled in. The instructor is simply great; the way he explains the concepts is effortless to understand. The lectures are fun. The assignments are quite useful to understand and grasp the topic thoroughly. They provide a plethora of coding assignments and tests throughout the courses. They are thus helping us revise what we had learned a couple of lectures back by applying the knowledge to write actual codes. Discussion in weely forums helps clear doubts. The fact that the staff is actively participating in the forums and providing assistance and hints to problems enhances the overall experience of taking up the course.
Instructor of this course Mike Fitzpatrick is a very good teacher who encourage students to do something new and interesting.I really enjoyed learning  this course and learned new skills in MATLAB.
Awesome course!! Had a great time and experience programming with matlab. The assignments were really inquisitive and thought provoking. They helped a lot. Besides, the course materials and video lectures were just awesome to attend. They were designed keeping in mind that everyone is at the same level and is an absolute beginner in matlab. Just superb!! Will recommend to anyone who is an absolute beginner in matlab or programming world.
wow this course is excellent, i done this course during the lockdown, and this helped me to pass out lockdown time. and this course further helps me in future , thanks to Akos Ledeczi and coursera .
It was my first completed course in coursera and it is perfectly organised and is one best course for aspirants who want to learn MATLAB. Thanks to all the team who worked on building this course
Amazingly beautiful Lectures by Fitz.Very nice modules. i have just started taking the lessons and its exactly what I expected it to be! If not, better!
Very good course with extra-ordinary explanation. I was just zero in  programming but with the help of this course now I am able to think like a programmer and able to solve advanced MATLAB problems.
This was an amazing course! I attended mainly because I needed to refresh my modest Matlab knowledge. It was a great help and the exercises were so much fun!! Thanks for such a great opportunity!
As a physics/math major transitioning into mechanical engineering for my graduate degree, I enrolled in this course to refresh and refine my programming skills as well as to aid improve my MATLAB-specific skills. I had been briefly exposed to MATLAB, and had also taken some introductory courses in Python, R, and FORTRAN, but I expected to learn from this course. And it did not disappoint!The course is well designed with an emphasis on general programming through the use of MATLAB as an interface. I believe MATLAB is probably one of the better intro programming languages to learn because its syntax is comparatively intuitive and simple for beginners compared to other languages such as FORTRAN and C/C++/C#. The primary lecturer in the course video instruction is Dr. Fitzpatrick, an adjunct professor of electrical/computer engineering who demonstrates expert level proficiency in both presenting and explaining the material. He is also, dare I say, quite a charming and witty gentleman who gave a refreshing and engaging presentation of material that may otherwise have seemed monotonous. I highly recommend the complementary course e-text, which is filled with more in-depth explanations of more advanced topics, more worked-through problems, and more practice problems with solutions. It's only $10, and it will be a great reference guide.I will mention that the course demands a significant amount of time, especially towards the end where problems become much more complex. Even having some background in programming, it still took me much longer than the suggested homework time to work through the last several assignments. I also would have preferred the course to have a more detailed explanation of some of the aspects of MATLAB that make it stand out as a programming language, such as its plotting. I suppose much of that is included in the extensive documentation, though, and the course is designed to provide beginner programmers with the basic tools at their disposal to code. I would look forward to a more advanced sequel course that would provide further details on solving more complex problems, especially in the physical sciences, as well as outlining how some of the numerical methods of problem solving are implemented in MATLAB.
I appreciate that  Professors Mike Fitzpatrick and Akos Ledeczi, took from zero to a great understanding of the basics concepts of MATLAB programming . Even though I am Civil Engineering background, I could able to understand and perform well in the assignments.  They performed this course in a manner to explode our capabilities both in the programming as well as the troubleshooting process.  I would like to thank both of them to made me to learn during this lock down period.                                                                                                            --- Umesha PK
It is a fantastic course. You will learn from the very basic features of programming such as data types up to complex arrays and mathematic calculations. Professor Fitzpatrick will also teach you everything about loops and conditional statements. Besides that, the tests you need to pass and the assignments you need to complete are quite educative and they show you the expected answer when the assignment is particularly difficult.
The first thing you will notice in this course that , the lessons are easy to understand and  assignments are fun and worth digging hard.and the staff  members(Mr.Brandon Armstrong) are avalible .a good introduction !
I would like to thank vanderbilt university for providing such a wonderful course and i am much impressed by the use of the basic matrices in each and every programming purpose.thank you again!!!!:)))
Extremely well written tutorials,real world problems,and an excellent theme background music makes this course a must for every MATLAB programming enthusiast.
A well structured course in MATLAB that stars from basics and accelerates to advance problems.
This is a fabulous course. It was exactly what I was looking for. Although of course it won't suit everyone's needs, I think it succeeds in providing a broad overview of basic Matlab functionality in a short period of time. I appreciate the instructor's self-deprecating humor, which is just enough to keep things light without detracting from the purpose of the class. The forum is great, and I always found T.A. responses to be prompt and helpfulkudos to those unsung heroes of education! I had a bit of an unusual experience with the course in that I actually began it in December 2018 while on a school break, but had to stop after Week 7 when my university classes resumed. I wasn't able to return to this course until September 2019, at which time I began at the very start again and completed all 9 weeks. What I found is that the format of the class had changed in the interim. Both the earlier and the current formats are fine, and most of the lecture material is the same, but there are a few notable differences. Now, assignments are interspersed with the lectures, rather than being clustered at the end of each week. It seems to me that as a consequence there's a bit of misalignment between lecture material and the assignments on occasion, and it might be good to review that to get a better mesh. Also, the grader has changed. I like both the old and the new grader format equally well, but it would be good to be able to see the test conditions for each test case in the new grader, which (as I recall) students were able to do in the previous format. Lastly, my impression is that in the new format there are fewer assignments overall, and I would suggest to the instructor that the number of assignments could be increased. To sum up, nothing is perfect, but I really don't think you'll find a better introduction to Matlab. Highly, highly recommended.
After doing a lot of research online, I feel fortunate to have come across this course. It is a perfect introduction for anyone to get ready to make excellent use of all tools/capability available with Matlab for practical purposes, especially in science and engineering field. The instructors have really thought through on how to expose programming concept and Matlab concept to someone with almost zero experience. If you sincerely finish this course, including all the exercises you are way ahead of the crowd. Even the textbook (optional) is offered at a student friendly prices. The concepts in textbook covered great breadth & depth of real-world problems that can be tackled with Matlab. This is much more than plain-n-simple Matlab Onramp course. It really prepares you to go deep into Matlab if you wish upon completion of course.Many people complain of difficulty of final exercises. But without that you won't be able to tackle real world engineering problems. So these assignments strongly make you think logically on how to make best use of function of Matlab. The stronger the training, the better prepared one becomes.Thanks a ton Prof. Fitzpatrick & Prof. Ledeczi. You have delivered more than what you committed. We are thankful to have gotten exposure to this seasoned class being taught for decades at Vanderbilt.
This is the only one course, I have paid for certificate. I liked most of the course. Instructor has a unique way of teaching Matlab. He started Matlab basics. After that, he had shown functions. The reason of showing functions at the very first times was to evaluate the problems. I am so surprised  when I have seen the usage of column operator in such different ways. Course was followed by decision structures, loops, strings and file I/O. The course content was well prepared. Video lectures are quite helpful. Especially, 1 hour problem solving example video was so beneficial. However, at the end of the course, problems become quite challenging and time consuming. In first 6 problem set, my success rate was 100%. But, in last two week's problems I was able to solve only 5 of 8. The problems become difficult to understand, there were not enough explanations or hints. Discussion pages were not useful some times. I had to make further research on internet to understand the problem and it was time consuming. In the new version of the course, it would be better if problems are clear to understand. In short, the Instructors and Mentors did great job. Do I suggest this course to anyone else? The answer is definitely YES! Thank you.
Great curse. I had a little bit of MATLAB experience so I was able do complete the first 5 weeks in a few days. Watching the videos in 1.75x speed saved some time when dealing with the easy topics. However, week 6 and following got harder and I spent quite some time figuring out how to code. It's fascinating how one can spent multiple hours to code something with loops and difficult indexing etc., but then when looking at the solution afterwards there is that big "aha" moment when one becomes aware of how simple the code could have been. Its like everything in the world...practice makes the master.The 3 final problems in week 9 were interesting and great programming fun. I would say there could be more final problems though in order to get more practice. Overall the course is fantastic and I recommend it to everybody who wants to learn programming. The videos explain everything you need but also how to search for tips independently. A little bit feel for linear algebra is advantageous but in general there is no higher math skill required in order to be able to complete this course.I will search Coursera for more programming/MATLAB courses. Thank you to all who make this online course possible.
If you really want to learn (honestly) MATLAB lemme tell ya this is the place! I am amazed with the fine quality of this course everything lectures , materials provided , assignments , tie up with MathWorks everything...one thing  i loved the most  about this course is it's not like any ordinary course i.e there are long lectures but not one which kills your curiosity honestly the way of delivering lectures is just excellent ,at every moment you will feel like what's next , how is so , why is so , can i try this , what will be the result of it..... this list is just never endingand the whole credit for delivering and making  such excellent lectures goes to Sir J. Michael Fitzpatrickhe makes this course work like kinda interaction with us by his mysterious ways.NOTE : If you have 1% mood/need/desire/curiosity etc to learn MATLAB let the god assure you in the name of J. Michael Fitzpatrick he will give you your rest 99%and am writing this review because of him & because of this excellent coursemy sincere thanks to J. Michael Fitzpatrick , VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY and COURSERA
I found this course not only a perfect start for programming but also for Matlab. Before starting with this course, I had no prior knowledge in programming and thus used to hate it. I always used to think that programming would be difficult and it's not my cup of tea. But now, after completing this course, I can proudly say that I know programming, and more than that, I have just starting loving it !!!!I would like to thank Vanderbilt University and Prof. Fitzpatrick for providing with this wonderful course. This online course not even once felt me like an online course. The credit for that totally goes to Prof. Fitzpatrick's way of teaching. My favorite part of the course was not only your quirky remarks and nerdy (but hilarious) jokes but also that you made programming extremely interesting. After this perfect basics foundation, I am completely ready to dive in deeper into Matlab programming.In short, the Instructors and Mentors did a great job. Do I suggest this course to anyone else? The answer is definitely YES !!!Thanks for such a great opportunity!
This course is really an interesting experience for me...although I've known Matlab years before. The course's material has been intriguing from the beginning, with the increasing difficulties until the final exercise. I've noted that for some exercises, the most difficult part is not the coding, but to understand the question and find the proper solution. The forum surely helps a lot in handling this difficult part, but for everyone who do the course in Coursera for the first time, it's like walking in the maze...haha..

The most inspiring quote for me is from Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick, programming is a humbling and often humiliating experience..should I write it on the wall?? maybe I should haha... 

Last but not least, thank you for Prof. Akos Ledeczi, Teaching Staff (sorry, I've only remembered Mr. Brendan Armstrong there, did I miss someone?) and all the Coursera team... 
Good Job and Thank you very much...
(1) lectures and example codes are good(2) assignments have some good questions that make student to become familiar with topics(3) some assignment problems are not clear. It is hard to even understand what the question asks. You don't know what to do until you have found a discussion post that a tutor explains what the question is. It will be helpful if the assignment could use more narratives and figures to make the questions clear to student.(4) Some later assignments are hard and may requires more thinking.(5) It is recommended to have an extra week/lectures videos on Object Oriented Programming. This topic can be optional/not for grades if it is too advanced for some students. However, it is good to have this topic covered in this course, as your lecture explanations are good and assignment questions are the best and optimal way for us to quickly master a topic.
was really such enriching experience with all it supplies with smooth explaining, helpful examples and mostly important funny problems from which I learnt a lot about how to to tackle a real problem and how to set up for the right algorithm. Programming is programming and the best way to learn it is by doing more and more exercises especially those involving real life problems as emphasized by the course. For all mentioned thus and more I would like to express how much I am fortune and how glad I am taking this course and follow the whole track up to the end passing all the assignments. Great thanks for Vanderbilt university, my heart thanks to Fitzpatrick and Ledeczi, and all who contributes to edit this wonderful course and I give a positive feedback and recommend all who wanna have such encouraging kick off and real boost in the field of programming.
Excellent  experience of learning Matlab Programming  and the course is elegantly designed to cover most of the concepts in Matlab. Through the video lectures and homework problems one can master most of the commands in matlabs.  Prof. Fitzpatrick  is the finest teacher I have come across, who made the course so interesting and made to look simple to understand which is not in reality. I never imagined that I could solve the homework problems and it was only possible by the Mentors guidance particularly Pauls posts. I take this opportunity to thank Prof Fitzpatrick, Prof Akos for designing such course which will be helpful in solving many scientific and Engineering problems and I am looking forward to use Matlab extensively.. Thanks to Coursera for providing the platform to experience the best course from the globally reputed University to many people.
(MatlabI/OMatlabintroSimulinkintro(English) As a technical general course, this course has high quality and teaches meticulously. For those students who have never learned MATLAB, this course will be a good introduction, ranging from simple calculation to simple I/O operation. Students may be able to do some little work with MATLAB after this course. In addition, this course has good-quality programming assignments with moderate difficulty. However, the depth is not enough, which makes me disappointed. Students can only get started after the course. If you want to go further with MATLAB, reading documents/papers, learning in working may be useful.BTW, I need Simulink's tutorial.
By showing me aspects of MATLAB that were new or almost new to me, this course has allowed me to delve deeper into MATLAB, and into programming in general, than I have done for a while now. While I have some past experience in its use, I was barely familiar with some of the more generic programming aspects shared by MATLAB as well as some of it's own characteristics. This course has allowed me to obtain what I hope is a decent grasp of these. I am therefore highly satisfied with the contents of this course and, if I had a suggestion for improving it, I would say maybe extend it to include some of the aspects of the book which are mentioned in the course but not covered as part of it. An alternative would be to organize a more advanced MATLA course that covers these, assuming such a course does not already exist.
Saying that this course is excellent is the least I could say. Lessons are clear and tidy, that way you can easily do homework tasks during the week each lesson lasts. The professor is really gifted, and mentors are very helpful, all my questions were answered with a maximum delay of 1 hour (this can be tricky for some time zones, but it is worth remarking).  A special mention for mentor Paul T Mielke who is particularly clear in his explanations, and gives just enough details for students to resolve problems on their own.  I recommend this course for beginners and people with some experience in Matlab that never took a formal introduction course (in this course you may learn easier ways to write your scripts, I know I did).  Thanks to all the team in "Introduction to Programming with Matlab"
The coursework is very intelligently compiled. Prof is super funny, he introduces each MATLAB feature at an appropriate timing, helping us learn the real importance and need for each feature. He doesn't allow the coursework to turn into a mere list of commands, functions and operators. It's like storytelling, and it's gripping. I spent my days and nights awake in anticipation to do one more assignment after each, finishing this coursework in barely 5 days. I also appreciate the fact that he picked examples that were picked up from practical world, so that we understand how to apply all the MATLAB skills that we've learnt in the coursework in real life also. It's rare to find teachers like him. I'm truly grateful I took this course. It's been a real pleasure learning from him.
Very informative course for starters. I have been using MATLAB for like small numericals and so but haven't used it for vast problems. But this course enables you to delve into those problems. Questions provided in the assignments are slightly on the tougher side (after HW5) which I think is difficult for the beginner to solve. Anyway thumbs up to Prof. Michael Fitzpatrick  for his thorough micro-level teaching. As he said.."lots of patience is required for generating a code". For some codes I have to run program around 40-50 times to get it right. So one need to be patient while solving the problems.  On suggestion part I would like the course organizers to give more information in problems. Some of the information is missing and can only be guessed which eats up more time.
A perfect course for beginners and also for those who wish to brush up their basics of programming in MATLAB. I personally benefited from the Structures, Cells and File I/O sections of the course. The explanations are so simple and lucid. I just loved the way Prof. Fitzpatrick delivered the lectures, with some fun elements infused on the go. I loved, how he drove all the way to the Library just to emphasize on a simple fact that MATLAB online saves its files on clouds. The quizzes proved to be extremely helpful in  establishing the concepts and providing a wholesome hands-on experience. Debugging some of the errors on my own was a good experience. The last three assignments were great, giving a subtle exposure to real applications like signal processing. Very Good!
This is the best course ever on MATLAB!!! Having compared this curriculum to other MATLAB Online Courses, I can confidently say this is the most detailed and professionally executed MATLAB Course. This is beyond introduction. Previously, I had zero knowledge of MATLAB but after completing this course, I came out professionally sound and certified. Although, I cannot claim to be a good programmer yet, but with time and practice utilizing the knowledge I have gained from this course, I will certainly improve beyond measure.I will advice anyone who really wants to learn MATLAB to enroll in this course without hesitation. However, prospective students should be prepared to put in a lot of efforts as some of the assignments need thorough research
pros: The lectures were very good and easy to understand. It gives us a scope for going deep into the programming with matlab.  The final assignments explain the value of matlab programming in real life application.cons: The assignments in the course are harder, its more than that of taught in lectures. One have to learn more than that is taught in the course to get a grip on the skill. They've covered the topics for the beginners and this will be a stepping stone for themI finally thank the vanderbilt  university for such a wonderful course presented. The lecturer was amazing with his explanation and his humor. I've definitely got a scope on my matlab programming skills and I'll look forward to create and find wonders in it.
Absolutely great course. He has a really good sense of humour and explains everything in a neat and understandable way.His style of teaching is very impressive. Though sometimes I have to watch it on x1.25 speed, the slides and code examples help with revision.One tip - do the programs. Pause the video. Do what it says. Create a new program based on what you learnt.He will be missed, I'm really sad that this course is coming to an end. I'm looking forward to other courses like this.The exercises are well prepared too. Even if you got full marks, please check with the given solution to ensure that you follow the best programming practices. The discussion forum has a very good mentor who helped me complete this course.
This course was a great and enoyable learning experience! I liked Prof. Michael's teaching style and the slides that Prof. Michael and Prof. Akos provided. I do know a few other programming languages, and I had taken this course to help me with MATLAB for Prof. Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course.This course taught me that MATLAB is a lot more than just a Machine Learning language. The assignments towards the end were challenging and introduced me to the basics of image and sound processing. (And how simple they are in MATLAB!) MATLAB is a powerful language, and it makes solving complex problems simple (with help from the editor and debugger, of course). I hope I get many opportunities to use MATLAB in the future!
The course was extremely useful. I have always been scared of programming as I never respected it as a subject during my schooling. So, I was really in splits on taking the course. But turns out, I simply loved it. The pace, the examples and the mentor were all amazing. The assignments were smartly planned too. It taught me few function that weren't taught in the class. That's a very smart way of teaching. In my opinion, I would recommend this course to anyone( kinda an answer I give to Microsoft customer care!). Thanks people who were behind this.Edit1: Now that I'm a big fan of Prof.Michael Fitzpatrick, is it also possible for him to teach us OOPSs and other advanced concepts in MATLAB?!!!
I must say the professor's explanation is great. Although you feel that every assessment from midway through the course is impossible. But trust me, give it some it, some thought, you are going to make it. The teaching staff is also excellent. I got my answers very rapid. They are very helpful. Week 7,8 and 9 is long, which compensated because from week 1 to week 6 will be a smooth flow. A suggestion would be to constantly seek for help in the discussion forum and also see if you have the same problem that anyone else faced earlier and the staff answered it. This method makes the whole process a lot faster. THANKS to VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY and COURSERA!   Until next time, Adios everyone!
This in the best course on MATLAB Programming for beginners. The beauty of this course is the well framed Structure of the Course modules. Learner keeps on grasping things that are required in a systematic manner.Assignments given to the Learner are quite satisfying and important in terms of  Main Tutor Prof.Fitzpatrick  is quite energetic and motivating. Would like to see one more course on SIMULINK & Stateflow by the same Professors if its possible. Finally, I would sincerely like to thank Coursera, Coursera Community and last but not the least Profs. Mike Fitzpatrick & Akos Ledeczi for the excellent course which is benefiting  Students and academicians all around world.
Greetings!!!I'm
a student of mechanical engineering and I'm well aware of importance of
computers and computer programming in all fields of engineering - especially
MECH. ENGG.Computer
programming was always a topic which would grab my attention towards it anytime.
But I used to look at it as very complicated and must be requiring
higher prerequisites. But when I started this course all my confusions and
doubts were cleared.I know
this was just a small figment of computer programming, but with this
course a door has been opened to complete new world with lots of fun
and interesting things to learn.Thank
you all my dear teachers for making my learning EASY and FUN!
This course is really good. This course came handy for me for my post-graduation project. Because of this course now I can see or think through various aspects of the problem cause the solution is just lying there. Though I left this course in between cause I stuck on an assignment problem however I completed this course at last. Discussion forums are really helpful. Questions asked are quality questions. The answers or hints provided by staff are very well informed. They change your view of the problem. I really want to say Thank you to Mr.  Mike Fitzpatrick,  Akos Ledeczi, Brandon Armstrong (Teaching Staff) and the coursera team for this awesome course.
I really liked the course. It really forced me to use a lot of logical thinking in some cases. But, from one hand, this probably was one minor drawback of this course. I understand that it was mostly related to basics, but probably you can add more problems to Files IO in the future or cell and struct as well. Otherwise, sometimes I got a feeling that I was solving similar questions that were getting a bit harder from week to week. Nevertheless, great job! Thank you very much. I really liked that you are keeping forums from previous sessions, so you could gain a lot of different information that could actually help to solve question.
When I started this course, I literally had no idea about neither programming nor basic programming concepts.  But after completing it, now I feel confident that I can develop my own programs for transport modeling. It was a tough course but totally worth it. The coolest thing about it is that you can take it without having prior programming knowledge, but at the end of it, you will be able to do whatever you want to do. A BIG thank you to Vanderbilt University and to professors who run this course. They are people who know how to teach and how to transfer knowledge to others!!!Best regards,Filipp Zarov, Msc Student, KTH, Stockholm
To be honest this is one of the best courses available for Matlab. The content that was put together for this course was great and the assignments were the best part of the course and last but not least the instructors were great and Mike made the course really interesting with jokes in between the video lectures which didn't make the long video lectures boring and the mentors and forums were really helpful in clearing any doubts which I had. Also loved the little intro before each video lecture. Overall just loved the course and would really like it if there was advanced programming with Matlab from Vanderbilt University.
I love it because currently I am in a lab(on my fourth year of degree) and coming from a background with no basic programming skills, this course have helped me a lot to try to program and also learn about matlab more. I honestly can't say how much I appreciate this course for existing to help those people like me. Honestly, trust me, all those readings and searching on websites are not as helpful as this course. I wish I have all the money to learn everything I am interested to learn on cousera...  kudos to all the professors that invested their time and knowledge to help create something so beneficial like this..Love it!
This is a remarkably useful and interesting course. Its usefulness becomes more noticeable as you progress through the course and you can use what you have learned to solve problems the way you can think of, and realize that in real life there are problems for which, when creating a series of steps, (the one that suits you or that you like the most), after reasoning a bit, and by executing them, you can give them a solution.
Apart from this, the assignments are quite entertaining and challenging.
Finally, the teacher's ability to explain, in addition to his patience and humor, attests to his experience teaching.
Amazing course! Mike Fitzpatrick explains very well all the concepts covered in the videos and manages to make most of the material interesting. The overall structure of the course is well organized and makes sense. I gave 5 stars but hesitated to give only 4 because I find the assignments (especially at the end) too difficult. It takes ages to complete them, which is a problem for those who don't 70h to spend on this course. In addition, we don't have explanations and solutions for all assignments after completing them. Despite those issues, I really loved this course. Thank you Mike, Akos Ledeczi and team!
I am from biology background and used to have least interest in programming. But the Course is very good. The best instructors ever I can have. They started from scratch so that even a new one can understand. Gradually I got good hands in programming at least in MATLAB.The best part is the assignment. Brain storming assignments which were very helpful to learn the language. Also the mentors and instructors were great who were quick in responses to our queries. All that was very helpful. Thank you so much. I would appreciate if you can make such a great course with python also.Thank you.RegardsMegha Malhotra
Excellent course to learn programming. I do think it is necessary to make the problem statement more clear. especially the last problems are really hard to understand what they are asking. I would suggest adding some examples of what expected output one should get. That way the students can have a better idea of what they need to do to solve te problem. That will also save you guys having to answer too many emails about similar questions. Nonetheless, I am very happy i took this programming course. I now feel confident enough to challenge myself further in MatLab. Thanks for the pleasant experience
Amazing course! This was my first programming experience and both Mr. Mike and Mr. Brandon are extraordinary teachers! Lectures are great and the material is explained thoroughly, easily understandable, and with awesome jokes! The assignments are exciting because they are well applicable in real life and unveil the mystery behind some computer processes we often take for granted. This especially refers to the final tests: was so much fun to make my brain crush while doing them! I am so grateful to the Vanderbilt University for sharing so talented professors and such a wonderful course with public!
MATLAB is a very important software and computational tool for engineering students like myself. This course gave a great overview of all the basic yet crucial aspects of the language and MATLAB environment. The assignments were challenging yet not so difficult that they were discouraging. The instructor is also very engaging and has a unique content delivery style. I have certainly become a more proficient MATLAB programmer after taking this course and I urge all those who are interested in computation work or even those who want to learn the basics of programming to start off with this course!
A great course, offered by very good teaching faculty ( humourous too I might add) with easy understanding of MATLAB.It helped me a lot in also enhancing my critical thinking ability in last few assignments. Especially the second the last was very tough for me. But all in all it taught good problem solving skills and and will help in analysing many real world problems of physics. Now it's just a start but I plan on further enhance my knowledge using the textbook and other sources too.Great initiative and work by Coursera, the professor and forum team. Kudos to you guys. And a final Thank you
The instructor explained the core concepts in MATLAB very clearly, with delightful anecdotes and encouragements embedded throughout the course. As an intro course, the course contents and practice problems are rather simple, but they lead the way to more advanced problems and applications.One suggestion is that it would be even better to learn some more functions, especially ones that operate on matrices so that loops can be avoided or simplified. Many such functions are included in answers to specific problems, but still it would be nice to listen to the explanations from the instructor.
Wonderful Course, I enjoyed the lectures tremendously. The homework
problems were very useful and challenging and some of them took hours to program.
The gratification of getting Your solution is correct.    on the screen after working for hours is
just immense. It is clear to me that a lot of time and effort have been
invested in this course over the years. The course is a very valuable resource on
programming and MATLAB. Now that I am done, I will miss the lectures: from the
introductory music to the closing credits. But, most of all, I will miss the lecturer
himself, a true teacher.
This is an intro-level, beginner-friendly and an amazing course on Introduction to Programming with MATLAB. With this course, I have learned a lot on MATLAB as a programming language. Though it does not cover the entire MATLAB (only covers upto functions and file-handling), but whatever is covered has been taken in depth. This is certainly the best course to get started with MATLAB according to me.I am totally amazed with the course, and the way this course has been delivered, though virtually! Getting a free 9-weeks subscription to MATLAB programming adds more value to the course.
A year ago I hated programming MATLAB, I struggled a lot with my first semester programming classes,  my grades of  the first semester of university in programming class was 85; then I got this course, now I am first in my class, I got an 98 final grade of my second semester programming class,  I really enjoy programming, this course helped me with my confidence, my grades, my knowledge, now I am helping my classroom friends with MATLAB and I am really grateful for the opportunity to accomplish this great course, Mike Fitzpatrick is just one of the greatest programming teachers!
I am very happy to say that I have finally completed the course. I am programming from class 11 but in B.Tech now i wished to learn MATLAB. I am thankful to Vanderbilt University for fulfilling my wish. The Professor is very good in teaching, he explains really well.The assignments are really good problems. Assignments at beginning are easy but with the course it get difficult and most difficult are those 3 problems that are given in the final submission they really messed me. That was a nice experience. Hope I will again come soon to be a part of Vanderbilt University again.
I was familiar with MATLAB before taking this course. But when I started this course, I was gaining too much interest in this course. I learned too many techniques related to MATLAB programming. The way the instructor teaches its appreciable. If I would not take this course, probably I would miss too many things related to MATLAB programming. I did too many courses related to MATLAB, but this course is stand out from others. Lastly, I liked the Textbook.  I am strongly recommending this course to beginners. I can surely say you will learn a lot of things from this course.
This course gives me quite a good knowledge of Matlab programming, even in the introduction course you will get to know a lot of things about the Matlab programming through this course, like how can we deal with different array size with the ease, how can we solve the different real-life problems with the help of programming, and you will find that almost all the problems we can solve. Moreover, it's very fascinating and knowledgable for me. So, In my point of view, you can take this course and get ready to deal with a real-life problem with Matlab programming.
I just want to say thank you for the opportunity to take and complete the course. The professors for this class are phenomenal, especially with the youtube videos that go along with the lessons. By far one of the best classes I have taken in general, as it is a topic outside of my background and I was able to do well in the course. It is a very challenging course, and there are plenty of resources to succeed. Overall, I would recommend this course to anyone trying to learn a computer programming language at all stages of your career. Thanks so much!
Far beyond my expectations, I didn't know anything about Matlab and computer programming. Now I know how to write a code to get my work done and save time. I remember what Mike Fitzpatrick said during the lecture sessions, that for solving a problem you should stick to it util you solve it, and most of the programming time is actually debugging and polishing the code. These statements were always encouraging me to solve the assignments and learn. The instructors were really helpful and Thanks to Brandon Armstrong for the prompt replying every time.
This course is a very good introduction to programming in general and covers all the basic concepts that is used in most of the programming languages. The lecturer makes things interesting with a sense of humour. The assignments which comes later on can be a tad difficult for someone new to programming, but as the professor says , stick with it, solve it, and the feeling you get when you finish it is unparalleled. All the doubts and queries in the discussion forums are answered quickly and efficiently. Great course and a great experience over all.
Very interactive and useful information provided by lecturer. Thanks a lot to Mr. Akos Ledeczi
Professor
Computer Engineering  and Mr. Mike Fitzpatrick
Professor Emeritus
Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Neurosurgery, and Radiology who share their valuable information to me. I really used this information in my career growth.Again Thanks to lecturer's and University who recognised and awarded me valuable certificate. Also thanks to Coursera to provide me the platform where I can update my skill and knowledge.
Introduction
to programming with MATLAB its the beginning of the exploring process of two
wonderful worlds, the MATLAB world and the programming world. In a wonderful
way the professors Mike Fitzpatrick and Akos Ledeczi, took me from zero to a
great understanding of the basics concepts of programming using a powerful
program, they performed this course in a manner to explode your capabilities
both in the programming, as in the using of MATLAB, and the troubleshooting
process. Definitively one of the best learning experiences I ever had.
This is a great course. It starts from scratch, so if you have never seen Matlab, you can still follow along, because it does not skip essential basics such as what the different windows and such mean. After a while the assignments get pretty challenging though, but the forum provides a lot of hints in case you really get stuck. I learned a lot from this course. Thanks!I also liked the dry humor in the lectures.  The self deprecating "ironing my shirt"-joke in week 8 (?) was amazing, if you like that sort of thing...Best,Peter Vissers
This is a fantastic introduction course into MATLAB programming. The course is very well structured, delivers in-depth knowledge of the main fundamental skills needed to use Matlab. The presentations are concise and well delivered. During the homework help is always available at the tip of your fingers and it takes usually less than 30 min to get a response (even on the weekends... IMPRESSIVE).In addition, the recommended book allows you to delve deeper into MATLAB and I suggest you get that!In short, I highly recommend this course!!!
Although I had experience with programming from previous courses, this class definitely tested my skills and I came out learner a lot. My experience with MATLAB was quite limited to projects that I created for myself or through school, but this did a good job of expanding my knowledge and exposing me to a wide range of MATLAB's capabilities. Really glad that I found this class and was able to finish! Many thanks to the professors and teaching staff for putting this course together and providing ample resources and support throughout!
This course has really helped me in programming concepts and how the little mistakes we make or neglect, definitely affects us in the long run. Although you it might takes hours (especially me) before you could complete the assignment, solving through each and every step but when the green tick showed up, it was all worth it. Got little disappointed when the solution of tough problems were solved in just a few steps and it took me so much time. But still, each line of my program was a learning step for me. Thank you for this course.
I just want to thank Mike Fitzpatrick and Akos Ledeczi for this amazing course, that for me has been the best experience  I ever had, every day watching the videos, doing the homework. I don't have words to express what I really feel.I want to apologize too, because I don't have the money to pay for the certificate, I'm starting to work as a teacher  so I don't get pay well, but I hope later in the future I will be able to pay for it and even send you more money, because I know you did a lot of work to create this fabulous course.
This course helped me a lot! I started it when at the same time I started with my thesis project, in which I needed to use MATLAB. I only did 5 out of the 7 homeworks, but I saw all the weeks videos. This was because I felt that I had learnt what I needed for my thesis and the 5 homeworks were great enough for my thesis project. I appreciate that people like you share your knowledge and take the time to do this kind of courses.I didn't finish the MOOC (due to my thesis), but I will finish it after my Thesis defense.Regards,Jorge.
It was great for beginners or professionals from other disciplines who normally do not include programming in their bachelors. I am glad to have achieved and succeded the last week of this course with reasonable effort and satisfaction. Now, I am able to solve minor problems, check commands in other softwares and deal with neuroscience behavioral and electrophysiological issues I could not solve before. For a deeper knowledge of the application of Matlab to this field I suggest everyone to follow Mike X Cohen tutorials and books
This is a good course! Initially, I thought it will be a too simple course for me. (Because, as a student interested in financial engineering, I am already experienced in R programming and Python.) Then, I was admitted by Berkeley MFE and they required me to take a course in MATLAB. So I came to take this course. It turned out I like this course a lot! The professor is very humorous and good at teaching. This course renewed my knowledge about input and output and memory storage. I sincerely wish the producer of this course well!
This is definitely the best introductory MATLAB course, ever. It is also one of the top-quality courses in Coursera. Prof. Fitzpatrick is just one of the coolest, smartest, and likable professors I've ever had. I'm really grateful for Coursera and Vanderbilt for giving this opportunity to be in his class.One thing that could be done to improve the course, is to enhance some of the assignment to be more relevant to the content of the corresponding week. Some assignment didn't require the use of the concepts taught in that week.
Hi,Thank you very much
for the Matlab course on Coursera. It was really very interesting and you kept
me interested to the very end. It was not always easy (sometimes I needed help from more clever people then me on the Internet) but that does not matter,
the more difficult things in life are, the more worthwhile they are, as we say.I am not a future
programmer, I am 70 years old but my doctor told me to keep, together with my
body, the brain moving. Well, this course really did.Thanks again and take
care,Willem van Gogh
This is a great programming Matlab course I'd ever learned. The professor Mike did great on his lectures.  Weekly assignments were not many but not easy.  Especially, the assignments of the last two weeks (week 8 and week 9) were so time consuming and difficult.  Honestly, I wasn't able to do it and got help from Google search.  I wish the professor would have given more assignments, but the assignments would be constructed from easy level to hard level so that it could encourage me learning. Thank you the professor!
A very well designed course for beginners. This course takes you from the very basic to a stage where you will be able to instruct a computer to solve iterative problems or at least you will be able to counter them on your own, thanks to MATLAB documentation.  The Assignments are very well designed and those at the end of the course are very challenging (well.... at least to me for being a beginner) which encourages you to explore and built algorithms in MATLAB on your own. Thanks for providing this valuable course.
Loved this course. I was really put off of Matlab programming during college because I couldn't understand anything my professor was saying in terms of the functionality. While the explanations in these videos can feel like they are unnecessarily detailed, it was those details that filled in all of the gaps left by my previous professors. If I had videos like this while taking my college coursework, I could have been doing amazing things in Matlab by now. Thank you for putting this course together the way you did!
This course is thoughtfully designed and carefully structured so as to provide a through concept as well as first-hand experience of coding to any level of learners, especially the beginners. I myself had been introduced to and using MATLAB for some time now, but this course has redefined my idea about MATLAB about using it as an object-oriented numerical programming tool. Furthermore, I gained insight into the professional scriptwriting style and documentation both inside and outside of MATLAB built-in functions.
The best course which I would recommend for any of beginners in programming with MATLAB.  Though i had little experience in MATLAB while I am completing my M.Sc. course work, there I did not get an opportunity to learn the basic stuff. I had the thought of filling the gaps in my knowledge and followed the course. Actually, I learnt a lot and to the best level which anyone can have knowledge of the basics. Thank you Coursera and Vanderbilt university. Special thanks goes to chief instructor Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick.
This course covers all the basic knowledge you need to start programming in Matlab. This is an introductory course. It will definitely lay a strong foundation in Matlab. All the assignments are on a range of easy to moderate. I found the last three assignments a bit tricky and time-consuming. The instructors and support staff all are doing a fantastic job. The support staff is active and helps us during the course. I took this course before taking a Matlab course at my institute and it proved to be very helpful.
I greatly enjoy my time taking the course, and the professor's way of explaining the MATLAB codes throughout the course is good (esp. of his cold jokes lol). I cannot imagine that I registered the course during the first sem of my freshman year, and now I am entering into my final year of my college study. I cannot think of any better examples of how my procrastination is always switched on. But anyways, thanks to coursera and many thanks to the instructors. I hope that I can finish my other courses on coursera.
Prof.J. Michael Fitzpatrick is certainly one of the most engaging instructor and I'd straight up recommend this online course to anyone who not only aims at learning Matlab but also having a fun interaction with the course staffs who are kind enough to sit all day on queries and questions. I'd give a 6 star if I was handed an option just for how the course videos were produced and compiled and yes, I did tear a bit at the tail end of the course since prof.mike was an integral part of my routine the past month.
I was looking for a basic course on Matlab for a long time until I came across this one on Coursera. For every beginner who wants to learn Matlab, this is where you should start. Well paced course, with attention to minute details that would help every novice to not only learn how to code but more importantly how to avoid bugs. The difficulty of assignments rise gradually, which again is a sign of how amazingly this course has been designed. Kudos and thanks to the team of Coursera and Vanderbilt University !!
The course is well organized, and the instructor gives nice lecture and clear examples. The mentors are very conscientious and helpful, when I met troubles in homework and put them on the forum, the mentors answered my questions very quickly, which surprised me a lot! Some assignments in homework did struggle me for a long time, but when I finally solved the problems , I was ravished with joy just like completing levels in games! In a word, I really enjoy the process of programming with MATLAB in this course.
I've used Matlab for over 20 years, but I have never really tried to program with it. Truth is, I haven't really tried my hand at any programming after my first course in programming (C++). If I had taken a course taught like this one, I might be a programmer today! The lectures are entertaining and interesting, and the assignments are difficult enough that you have to do research (well, I did), which I believe is appropriate for a course like this. Than you for helping this old dog learn a few new tricks!
A very good course especially for beginners like me who don't know anything about the computer science the other computer science languages.  And I loved the course so much.  Thanks to the Professors for making the course  in the easier way.  And also Thanks to Instructor Brandon sir who helped me to find out the mistakes made by me.  Because of this course I have planned to do more courses related to Matlab and now I'm interested in learning other CS languages.  And now I'm confident in Matlab. Cheers!!
Very informative course. although I was using Matlab since last six months the course has added  learned lot of concepts in my programming knowledge.I have a suggestion as I'm a undergraduate mechanical engineering student, I use matlab for subjects like Numerical methods,CFD,FEM. So if you ca start a course on use of matlab in such streams it would be very helpful for students like me.Thank you Mike fitzpatrick (your teaching style is awesome!!) and Brandon Armstrong for helping me throughout the course
I had used Matlab for my other courses before I signed up for this course, so I came with a little background of Matlab to this course, with the purpose of solidifying what I knew about Matlab. To my surprise, this course has taught me a lot of concepts that I've never encountered before! And I like this course especially because they provide their answers to each question. It is so helpful to learn how to write neat code from others. The discussion forums are helpful too! I wish you enjoy this course!
I had no prior knowledge of MATLAB , and was in search of a basic course for the same.One of my friend referred me this course and showed me few of the videos .The teaching style instantly attracted me and in no time here i am enrolled for the course.There is no one in this whole world who can teach better for this particular course other than the one in the video.I am like super satisfied by the course and thank you for your hard work put in to make us learn MATLAB with ease.Lots of love from INDIA.
Excellent course for the introduction to programming and MATLAB!  The lecture is great and explains clearly though sometime it is a little boring. It covert a lot of details about MATLAB than the workshop taken at my home university.The disscusion forum is one of the best I have experienced at Coursera. The reply by mentors is so quick to make the discussion forum really helpful. The assignment is easy at first but it is a bit challenging in the end.All in all , I strongly recommend this course.
Very enjoyable, after finishing this course I am much more familiar with how to program in MATLAB, and feel confident that I can achieve anything I want to do with it. The course starts off gently, but gets relatively steep in difficulty towards the end. The lead instructor had a dry but funny sense of humour which helped me stay alert whilst learning, and the staff in the forums were very helpful. If you want to learn a bit about programming and/or learn MATLAB, this course is excellent!
I was a newbie to programming before this course. I took my time, re-enrolled several times in a time-span of 2 years and finally completed this course. I didn't delay completion because of lethargy, but because I was using MATLAB for my Masters thesis research, and hence learnt the skills when I needed them. It was fantastic! Professor Fitzpatrick has a very good sense of humor while his excellent grip on programming is apparent. I'm extremely grateful for this resource! Much love <3
Vanderbilt University and Coursera has offered a great opportunity to students who are interested in gaining an additional software skills. If you are a newly learner regarding computer applications, such a kind of will lead you to grasp the skill.  On the other hand, MATLAB is a newly developed programming language used to solve numerical problems in technical world. Lastly, I would like to thank Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick for teaching the course very swiftly and making me a MATLAB nerd.
This was my first course on Coursera & I can say those 9 weeks were worth it ! The syntax of MATLAB and its various inbuilt functions were explained clearly by Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick. The assignments were relevant with a gradual increase of toughness towards the end. File I/O O/P functions couldv'e been explained a bit more in my opinion but overall it was a fantastic experience. I would like to thank Coursera and Vanderbilt University for making it available to us . Thank you.
It was an awesome journey, learning was made very easy and step by step counseling of Mike Fitzpatrick made it really interesting and programming with MATLAB was made enjoyable by him. I would thank VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY for giving a free course in such pandemic condition so that the time at home was made fruitful and help in improving MATLAB programming with the help of assignments and also provided their solutions so that i have multi concepts of solving a single problem
This is one of the best courses I have done so far. I am thankful to the entire team of Vanderbilt university and Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick for such an amazing course. The course content, delivery and specially Grader has been designed in a beautiful way that kept me moving with the flow and motivated me to complete all assignments. Hats off to Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick and entire team. Request you to please come up with course on Advance Matlab programming and Simulink as well.
I used to think MATLAB was strictly for engineering calculations (cos that's all I ever used it for in my undergraduate years), but this course has indeed shown me that there is so much more MATLAB can do. Professor Fitzpatrick's approach to teaching it is also makes it so exciting and easy to follow. This course has piqued the interest of the otherwise unwilling programmer in me. I am really glad it came my way, and I most definitely will be taking the sequel courses.
For me this was an excellent start using Matlab. The content was presented very concise and clear. The grading system is very nice and the homework assignments did match the increasing knowledge. Overall I really enjoyed this course and would therefor rate it excellent! Thanks to everyone how helped making this course possible.If I could state what I missed: I know this course is meant to be an introduction but a few more real application examples would have been nice.
If you never ever touch Matlab, but want to learn, then this course is for you. For years I had a Matlab book and pdfs training I never touch. This course give me the confidence to carry on. The teacher (in that instance Mike) is really good I teaching you how to use this software. I have to warn you that after lesson 5, it is really challenging and I spend even a day to find the solution. Do not let this to discourage you because at this end you will learn a lot.
I loved the course. But sometimes statements or sentences to explain the exercises are too difficult to understand for non-native English speaker (and that was especially noticeable in the last exercises, i.e., in week 9). The videos are pretty clear and pedagogical, but it would be quite good to improve those sections into the lessons. Lastly, I would also like to acknowledge the great work did by the Fitzpatrick professor: Congratulations, and thank you so much!
thankyou sir,, Introduction to Programming with MALAB is very interesting, in this course ,I have learned how to calculated different type of matrixes, plotting , how to use use functions , loop, image blur , saddle point ,echo genterator, and more many topics.finally , i want to say this matlab was very interesting because coursera metrial is enough to learn matalbvery very thankyou coursera , michal sir, and my college SAHARSA COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING,SAHARSA
The last time I did computer programming was around 18 years ago with C++. I had almost forgotten the things. Since the programming language has been changed drastically in last 18 years initially , I faced some difficulties in coping up . But thanks to the aptly designed course content and unique teaching methodology of Prof. Fitzpatrick and assistance from Mr. Brandon that I could make it.This course will definitely be helpful for my research . Thank you !
Excellent course to introduce yourself in programming language. Lessons through videos are really clear and explained as simple as possible; so nobody should have no problem, even without any preovious experience. Furthermore, the ebook offered by the teacher is very helpful and can improve your formation and solve some doubts. Tasks are quite challenging but you can learn a lot from them.I am very satisfied with the whole course and I strongly recommend it.
An informative and robust course for anyone wanting to better understand MATLAB and programming in general. The presentation and wit of Dr. Fitzpatrick is welcome as he eases you into the world of computer coding. Some topics were just grazed, such as structs and cell arrays, as well as file formatting, but the fundamentals were explored in great detail. Overall, it is an essential for better understanding MATLAB and anything involving computer programs.
This course is a very practical way of learning step-by-step this phantastic language and its environment. It also helps to learn some MatLab-way algorithmics. The serious and ironical at the same time style of Professor Fitzpatrick have made this course even more amusing for me. Challenging homeworks and accurate video explanations make this course great. I am looking forward you to make an advanced course and a Simulink one too if possible. Good work!
Amazing course! One of the best I've done in my life. Very well designed, structured and lectured. The subjects are divided in a manner that helps you improve in computer science from zero to where you need to go. But I think if you have some knowledge about program languages and numerical calculus it will help you improve faster. But it's undoubtedly how great this course is. Congratulations to Vanderbild University, Professors Fitzpatrick and Ledeczi!
The instruction was clear and to the point. The exercises were great, very informative and not overwhelming. Also, the length is perfect for an introductory course, enough to finish and build confidence fast. I recommend trying to write all the example functions for yourself during the lessons, it has helped me tremendously and I arrived at the exercises much more focused and ready. The forums seem nice, but I didn't use them much so I can only assume.
This is the first online course I've enjoyed from beginning to end. The lectures were fun and very informative. I especially enjoyed working on the assignments. They encouraged me to utilize everything I was learning in the lecture videos. I went from knowing very little about programming to writing functional and versatile codes on my own within a few weeks. I would definitely recommend this course for anyone looking to get the basics about MATLAB.
It's a very well structured course with a balance of hand-holding, and being left to your own devices. The MATLAB online community, and external readings, are both incredibly helpful for debugging submitted code, and edging new users closer to better solutions, and ultimately, better code. The prof also laces each lesson with a helpful bit of dadjokery to keep you pushing through each assignment until you feel like you have accomplished something.
The routine of the course is so flexible to learners that they can complete the course in any manner they want. Professor of the course is funny and teaches you like a Beginner, which is good.  The syllabus covers most of the topic a programmer needs, so nothing to worry about it. I am looking forward to other MATLAB courses now. This course is definitely recommended if anyone wants to start using MATLAB,  it will introduce you to the atmosphere.
First of all, I am thankful to professor  Mike Fitzpatrick and Akos Ledeczi for their wonderful course structure and syllabus. professor  Mike Fitzpatrick explains everything in an easy and understandable way. And special thanks to Brandon Armstrong sir for his efforts and quick responses in the discussion forum. Before I ask any query, all types of queries had already been answered by sir, so we can see that replies and easily rectify problems.
I like this course very much.The way of  explaining  thins is good and innovative.Mostly I  like  Homework section, we know that Homework is stressful but I like pattern of homework which is motivating for doing homework.Although I enrolled very late I like this course very much.This course improves logical thinking but hard attention is needed. I would  like to attend other courses if release in future.Thanks A lot Professors and Mentors......
I have been using MATLAB for some time, yet this course did not cease to amaze me by teaching the fundamentals of the language. In fact, I am feeling that I did not know a few MATLAB basics before doing this course. I wish I had done this introductory course earlier to improve my programming skills. I am very sure that leanings from this one are going to help me in my career.p.s. - Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick is the coolest tutor I have ever seen.
While stuck in quarantine, I thought I'd take this time to learn a new skill. Although online courses usually have a negative perception of being boring and ineffective, the "Introduction to Programming with MATLAB" course exceeded my expectations and delivered a myriad of interesting topics. Accompanied by detailed resources and challenging courses, as well as helpful and patient teaching staff, this course is definitely worth completing.
I'm really grateful to be one of you students doctor Mike . you taught me how to program a computer. you taught me what is data types and how computers stores data and how to access to this data by cells and how to connect with external world by file I/O and how to make loops and conditions and matrices and functions and you showed me how to plot functions and how to search for any function and many algorithms thanks so much doctor Mike
This is a perfect course for a beginner to start programming with MATLAB. The way, the instructor teaches throughout the course involving the learner is what a teaching should be like. The graded assignment at the end of several topics were very useful in developing a better understanding of the topic. Also the assignments at the end of the course were very challenging  and useful for testing what we have learnt throughout the course.
The course material was really good, they explain very clear all the topics, about the assignments I am not sure, some times it feels like they were asking for something ahead of what you know at the moment, also Matlab has too many inner functions that are very useful but you have to spend a lot of time looking for what you need. Overall the course is quite good and has helped me a lot in the development of my master thesis.Regards
This course is really awesome , i have never thought that  i would be able to learn MATLAB. But thanks to this course I finally achieve this . This course is really essential to those who might use MATLAB in future indirectly like in machine learning . This course really helps me  to solve the problems in an efficient way like solving problem through vectorization and etc.Lastly thank you to the whole team for providing this course.
This was a great course. I already learned a bit of MATLAB during my studies and enjoyed it at the time, but I found that I was lacking some core skills. This course was both entertaining and challenging at the same time. I recommended this course to a few people already! Although I'd say that you might need more time to solve the problems than stated in the course, but your milage may vary. Could be that I am just slow, too :-).
First, I would like to thank Mr. Mike Fitzpatrick and Mr. Akos Lebeczi for providing such a great Introduction to Matlab course. I would highly recommend this course for anyone who is looking for a complete Introductory course for Matlab. Lectures are helpful and informative. I found them pretty helpful and I do recommend everyone to pay close attention to what Mr. Mike talks about. I hope you'll enjoy this course. Good Luck!!!
It is a pretty nice course that teaches me how to programming using MATLAB. MATLAB is quite a powerful tool that can help handle the data. When I was learning about image processing, I found that MATLAB is quite a handy tool for processing images. In order to learn how to use this powerful tool I took. I signed up this course. But the image toolbox is not covered enough in this course. Maybe I should take some other courses.
The course is very good for intermediate level people. Highly recommended for the people who is like me who thinks they know basics in matlab, but I can bet your will be stunned how many thing works which you didn't know previously. The last three assignments are horrible. I've spend at least full 4 days to complete them. But overall good experience. Recommended for people who know little bit matlab but wants to dig more.
Learning was never this fun, thanks to Vanderbilt University and Coursera. The course had high-quality content,  great instructors, and right on exercises.  I highly recommend anyone who wants to get a taste of MATLAB, its basic capabilities, and things you can accomplish using it, this should be your go. Overall the course was fun learning, and the power of MATLAB is immense just gives you head-on with your research.
It was awesome course for a beginner, though the course gets tougher as weeks pass on still the challenges are brainstorming and helps in developing problem-solving skills. discussion forum helped me a lot in completing my assignments whenever I go out of the track, especially during the final problems. on the whole I would recommend this course for a Matlab beginner with some beginner level of programming skills.
Initially I wanted to learn MATLAB for programming skills and try and understand MATLAB functions.I am glad I did this course and have almost got the sufficient benefits from this course. I am confident I can be more fruitful in my work and projects in coming future enhancing my skills further on. Thank you very much for this course and I ask everyone to take this course. You are going to get some real knowledge.
it have been a great course, i actually had a matlab course in my university, but this one is so much better and more challenging than the first couse at my university.i am extremely happy to have this course, because it brought back to me the love of matlab after that terrible course at my college.thank you all for your hard work, and hope i will meet Dr. fitzpatrik and the staff one day to thank them in person.
This course is a great introduction to programming. The homework can be a bit tough, as it will take the concepts taught in the week and have you apply them in novel ways, oftentimes in ways you have to really think through to solve the problem at hand. In doing this, you'll finish the course with a strong understanding of how to use MATLAB, and beyond that the know-how for learning other programming languages.
An umbrella package for the uninitiated as it starts from scratch and teaches you enough that you get the confidence to explore what MATLAB has got to offer apart from the syllabus covered in the MOOC. Very satisfied after doing this course and fingers crossed that that doing this course will be fruitful and I will be benefited by it.Thank you for this wonderful course that ignited in me the spark to code!
The course is really very good for beginners. If I had met such a course many years ago, I would have been a programmer a long time ago. After performing various tasks, I learned a lot. Thank you  Vanderbilt University, thanks lecturer Mike Fitzpatrick, thanks to all the other teachers and assistants. You do a very useful and good business for the community of novice programmers, scientists and engineers.
This course was an amazing experience! Lectures were simple an easy to follow, easy to understand and the examples given were easy to repeat. The level of the homework required patience. It was easy at the beginning, but it become more challenging every week. Once you have completed this course, you will feel that you have acquired great skills to start your programming career with Matlab. Thanks a lot!
This provides a great start to anyone who wants to learn MATLAB from ground up, whether if you have programming background or not. Examples are clear and explanatory. Quizzes are challenging. More people should do this course. The quizzes are progressively difficult, but definitely manageable. It is one of the better quality courses that exists on Coursera.If you are hesitant, try it for a few weeks !
I would like to thank vanderbilt university for providing such a 
wonderful course and i am much impressed by the use of the basic 
matrices in each and every programming purpose.thank you again!!!!:)))

Instructor of this 
course Mike Fitzpatrick is a very good teacher who encourage students to
 do something new and interesting.I really enjoyed learning this 
course and learned new skills in MATLAB.
A big thank you to everyone involved in the conception and development of this truly spectacular course.  The incredibly funny and intentionally goofy Mike Fitzpatrick made sitting through each video alot more enjoyable regardless of it's length.  Its without a doubt that the comprehensive and in depth knowledge provided by this course will benefit my post graduate studies as well as my career goals.
I have a lot of experience with Matlab, but I took the course to refresh (it's been 10 years) and for my LinkedIn profile.  The material was all very familiar so it is difficult to assess the level. But I found the lecturer was extremely engaging with an incredibly good, dry sense of humour.  And incredible typing speed ;-) The programming challenges were very well thought out in my humble opinion.
This is a fantastic course for beginners to learn how to use MATLAB. It teaches from the very basics to the more advanced concepts and has really allowed me to extend my mathematical knowledge into programming. My only issue is with the last 2 assignments being really difficult and hard to achieve a simple pass but other than that this is an exceptional course for anyone in the mathematical field.
I want to thank the course organisation and creation team and Mike Sir for bringing such a wonderful course in such a wonderful manner. It was like a roller coaster ride learning this course. The assignments were like games and at the same time they allowed us to apply what we learnt. I think everyone who wants to create an online course should learn the way this course is designed and organised.
Coursera has been a platform for people who has interest to learn new things and want to upgrade their carrier. Coursera helped me a lot and this course has given me a broad knowledge of Matlab and it was fun to learn with coursera and had a very worderfull experience to learn this course and at last but not the least lecturers were good and had a very good learning experience to learn from them.
Although this course is basic, it provides good foundation and knowledge for further study. Many thanks for the instructor, all the mentors and classmates on the weekly homework discussion forum. Without their help and inspiration, I couldn't finish some of those challenging homework questions. And thanks for this MOOC platform (Coursera) to provide me an opportunity to learn such good course.
The teacher is of the highest standard, finally someone who can make the complex, simple and interesting! One of the best planned courses I've seen, this is a course definitely worthy of a fee. What I've learnt in the first 4weeks is beyond what I learnt in 1yr at university. Makes such a difference having a teacher that goes the extra mile to make something complex into easy. Very impressive.
This is very much interesting course.The instructor who conducted this course is so much friendly as i felt like he is a my close friend.For everyone those who are seeking for knowledge about MATLAB this will very much helpful as a beginner.But make sure to have a little bit  mathematical background before starting the course specially about matrices.Good foundation to be a MATLAB programmer.
"Introduction to Programming with MATLAB" provides me a strong basic understanding of MATLAB. The lectures are easy-to-understand, plus levels of assignments are suitable. Apart from MATLAB, this course gave logical algorithms, problem-solving skills, and basic mathematics. I recommend this course for those who want to quickly learn basic MATLAB while having experienced in other programs.
For a beginner, this course is simply superb.They will teach right from the scratch, and they will execute every command in matlab.The assignments are really good. The assignments are like open book exam,we have the documentation for every command ,still we have to work hard and have to think smart.Finally, i am very much satisfied with this course. Eagerly waiting for more such courses.
Really lovely presentation and examples. Loved the encouragement and gentle humor throughout. My only possible criticism (and I'm sure this was an intentional choice) was that it can be very frustrating in the questions to get something wrong, but not see enough of the tested inputs to understand why. Overall, an excellent course to grant familiarity with Matlab and the tools to do more.
This is a very interesting and Challenging course which really opened my eyes to see the great possibilities that can be achieved through programming. The tutor was absolutely excellent and the progression of the course was superb.My most interesting and Engaging part of the course is having to tackle the numerous weekly assignments. Thumbs up to the whole crew from Vanderbilt University
No other course explains the programming concepts better. It is explained from a ground up method, giving us the proper foundation. Each and every topic covered in the course was explained in detail, just what an amateur programmer needs. The knowledge of Mike Fitzpatrick is extensive but he doesn't bore us with the excruciating details. Five stars for Mike Fitzpatrick's sense of humor.
A really good for diving into the world of computer programming with MATLAB!. A nicely paced course with lot many examples and assignments to test your understanding. Only gripe is that few of the vedios  are  a bit long and few of the assignments are on the difficult side , you need the help of the internet to solve it. Otherwise this is a really great course in understanding MATLAB!
This was one of the few courses I enjoyed doing - both during the lectures and the assignments. Some of the lectures are long (around 1 hour), but Prof. Mike makes them so interesting that I hardly noticed as the hour passed by. The assignments get harder towards the end but also much, much more fun. At the end of the course I was able to do much more than I expected to be able to do.
The course was easy to follow; the exercise problems were neither too easy, nor too difficult to make you crash out of the course. The textbook suggested for this course goes into more depth and is absolutely recommended for beginners. Prof. Fitzpatrick's folksy humor inspired me to keep going whenever I felt demotivated. I am looking forward to more courses from Prof Fitzpatrick.
Absolutely loved the way this course was taught!!. I would recommend this to anyone who is new to programming and wants a clear understanding of fundamentals. The course content was presented articulately and was quite fun to work to work on the assignments. Though I found some of the assignments towards the end to be challenging, I thoroughly enjoyed the process of working on it.
It's a very well organized course. Anyone who doesn't have any prior knowledge can start this course and can learn from scratch. This course will guide you step by step to become a MatLab programmer. All the course contents are very easy to understand and can be implemented after learning. If you are looking for a complete and detailed course on MatLab then this course is for you.
It was a challenge and an excellent experience overall. The learning experience was made interesting by continuous assignments and certainly the wit and humor of Dr. Fitzpatrick added a completely new dimension to the overall experience. I would like to thank Coursera and the faculties of Vanderbilt University for this amazing opportunity to learn MATLAB and its various functions.
This was quite possible one of the best taught classes I've even taken, on Coursera or at a University. The teacher does a fantastic job of explaining concepts well and setting up online exercises that you can work through. You wouldn't think programming would be easy to teach online, but they did a great job here. Highly recommend this class for anyone who wants to learn Matlab.
I'm a postgraduate student and I'm working daily on Matlab. I'm actually grateful for this chance to hone my programming skills in Matlab, the course was full with basic steps to deal with many real problems, in addition there were also some tricks that I learnt here. I believe it is one of the best courses that teach programming skill and the logic behind solving basic problems.
Great class! The course and the problem sets are both very interesting and reasonably challenging. My only suggestion is that a few of the problems are difficult to understand. If those questions can be described in more plain English, students can solve the problems faster. Nevertheless, the discussion forum is very helpful since all of my questions have been asked and answered.
A very fabulous course. Best for those who want to have a taste of programming and that too in one of the most dynamic software MATLAB. Course contents are totally up to the mark and the instructor makes the sessions even more interactive and full of learning. Assignments range from basic ones to advanced ones which requires good command over learnt topics and lots of practice.
This class was amazing. I finished all of the problems and I think I learned a lot about programming over the course of 3 months. My company uses MatLab for data processing and I needed to learn the basics to understand what is going on. The automated grading is a really nice tool. I feel very confident going forward. Thanks for an awesome course!Education background:  BSc, MBA
I had basic knowledge of matlab before starting the course which helped me to complete this course before time. I really loved the way, this course is organized. I didn't know much about function building but this course allowed me to practice different approaches to a particular problem. Assignments allowed me to understand things even more. Overall it was an amazing course
It's a fantastic opportunity for any beginner to programming, especially with matlab. The structure of the course is highly adequate and well organized. The topics are carefully selected. And the assignments are designed in a way that makes it get more challenging while you go through the course, and effectively help practicing the concepts introduced in the video tutorials.
A brilliant course for both beginners and experienced programmers. The professor carries along with a steady pace and has made good problem sets to increase learning. His lecture style is so inspiring , informative and sometimes funny that i find myself spending most of my time in this course. Hope people at Vanderbilt continue to produce such valuable courses in the future.
Really good course. The lectures were paced a little more slowly than I might have preferred, though it did allow me to get completely comfortable with everything that was presented. The homework problem sheets were useful, challenging, and a lot of fun.Having completed all of the problems, I can approach may of the problems I can use MATLAB to solve with some confidence.
A great course to learn MATLAB. I had lab experience in programming with MATLAB at school, but this course has though everything needed to be a good programmer . Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick is a very humours person , he will make this course more interesting and less boring with his jokes. He teaches great. I request the team to bring in more courses on electronics branch too.
Very good course, it has some really mind blowing problem sets. I found completely different ways to solve them, and that was amazing.Week 9 assignment should be little bit easy or else more information should be provided in the lecture. Overall I really enjoyed the course. It just build my foundation and rest depends on me. Thank you coursera for providing this course.
Really a nice course I will personally recommend every single student interested in programming to join this course and learn MATLAB, because it will only add up  to your asset and is really taught in a simple and fully covers the basics with lot of assignment Questions .Thank You Professor for your valuable teaching , Thank you course Era for such an incredible course.
This course is great for beginners. Whole courseplan is arranged with precise &  required pace. You will be able to gain introductory concept of Matlab in the best possible way. Course instructor is very good & seemed to have a deep experience and knowledge in this field. Would recommend the course to all those peoples who are enthusiast to get into Matlab programming.
It was amazing and worked pretty well for me. Before taking this course I had a vague understanding of programming. But after taking this course (plus practicing hard myself) I had improved so much that I started writing the control program of a parallel robot. So I would really recommend this course (especially for those with less previous background in programming ).
This is a great course if you want to learn Matlab from the basics. I have no programming experience at all and was absolutely illiterate in programming languages and could make it. The best way is to keep on track till the prgramming exercises and than use the Forum to ask questions. The Mentors are providing great support and always very timely. Thank you very much!
This is an outstanding course.  The programming lectures are indeed introductory, but this is not your  'hello world' introduction to programming.  The problems are very challenging.  But when you solve them you will be immensely rewarded.  I suspect that most people who take this course already have a lot of programming experience.  For those who don't, I admire you.
Most of the concepts are explained very easily, and some assignments are little bit challenging but it worth doing by yourself. However, I take some help from others in 2 of my assignments for understanding the problem but at the end of the day I learned a lot. Well, all thanks to Coursera and the creators of this course for making it so interesting and informative.
I've been thinking to take a course on matlab since a longtime but couldn't take one due to many reasons. I've finally taken this course and I must say that I am now confident that I am well versed with the working environment of Matlab and can work on it now. Sincere thanks to all the people who helped in building the course and special thanks to Mike for teaching.
I think the assignments could be made better by introducing the predefined functions as a lot of time was put in to find out the functions to use. And the time given to complete the assignments is very less. perhaps decrease the number of questions from 8 to 6 would definitely help. I had to extend the course 3 times as i could not complete the assignments on time.
Great introduction to programming using MATLAB. Prior to this course, i had very little programming experience. This course has helped me to understand more on how algorithms work and i can't wait to keep on improving myself. The last week examples and questions were the toughest for me. But glad i scaled through and can move towards machine learning using MATLAB.
As a beginner, what I needed was someone to direct me and a platform to practice, which I get here at Coursera in collaboration with Vanderbilt University. And, of course anyone with internet access can join the course for free and learn here (unless you need certificate, for which you will have to pay). Thank you very much. I will continue to join such programs.
I just cannot describe the usefulness of this course. Although, it is called ''Introduction to programing with MatLab", it takes you from zero to hero literally.  At the end of this course, there are three challenging real-life problems; solving these problems gives you the impression that you can do something with the knowledge you earned. Thank you VANDERBILT
It was an amazing experience. I have learnt a lot about programming of MATLAB from this course. I am very much happy with the course content created by Akos Ledeczi and I just love the technique of teaching of the Instructor Mike Fitzpatrick. I hope to work with you people someday and I am very much grateful to both of you and your entire team for this course.
I think professor fitzpatrick is one of the best professor in the world. All the section was very easy to learn and they was so helpful for me. All the sections were full of informative points. I think the class was so funny  with the jokes that were said. At the last, I miss this lesson and this professor so much and I'm sad that it's over. Wish you the best.
Firstly I should thank prof. Mike Fitzpatrick because the way he explains made me listen to his lectures he is very student-friendly & a little humor in the class which makes me more interesting and the content was very good.Finally thank you  Akos Ledeczi, Vanderbilt University for providing this course in a good manner I mean the video & background effects
Completely worth to take this course if you are a beginner in programming language or if you want to build a career in MATLAB programming.Every small aspect is explained so precisely , hence at the end of this course you will feel enough confident.Thank you to the whole team of this course , especially to Mike Fitzpatrick sir,, I wish to  meet you soon sir .
This is a good introduction to MATLAB programming. The lecture is clear and I believe that it is suitable for anyone who is interested, even for those without programming background. The tutorials are easy at the start but it gets so much more difficult towards the end. Overall, I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in MATLAB programming.
I am enjoying the course literally and the way it has been taught by the lead instructor is extremely good, His way of teaching will never get you bored during the lectures. I request to the course organizers and instructors to come-up with the advance version of this course with same instructors. Thank you Coursera for giving such a wonderful experience.
This course deserves 5 stars because the teacher is very thorough. He and his team really put a lot of work into creating an excellent course for beginners. I found it tedious in places because I came to the course with a lot of previous programming experience. This course covers basic programming and MATLAB. I did learn what I need to learn about MATLAB.
This course will give you a lot of tools and insights to handle many programming problems using MATLAB.  Its content is really interesting and of high quality, despite being just an introductory course. Professor Fitzpatrick is really funny in each lesson and assignments led you to do your best. Thanks a lot to the instructors and Vanderbilt University.
This course is one of the best programming courses out there on MATLAB programming, and also one of the best courses for someone who is new to programming. I highly recommend people who are looking for courses to start programming or to people who are looking for courses on MATLAB as this course provides a great overview on the concepts of programming.
This certification course was awesome and i want to state that by solving the problem statement i really learnt and enjoyed a lot . thank you for organizing such course and approving my financial aid . Hereby , i will try to enhance my coding skill on this language , also i am grateful yo coursera for giving the course for free with such rich content .
I couldn't have enjoyed this course more.  The lessons were very well done and the information was presented in a manner that makes it easy to retain.  The programming assignments gradually became more and more difficult, but I felt that they really helped me learn MATLAB and gave me a solid programming foundation.  Awesome course and highly recommend!
An excellent course with easy-to-follow, very logically built up and useful topics. The presentation style of Professor Fitzpatrick is amazing, he makes even complex things clear and easy to understand, and he makes sure the audience does not get bored at all. If you need to get a solid base in programming and/or using MATLAB you MUST take this course.
I find this course very informative and useful for the person who is new to MATLAB programming. The course has helped me build the basics for MATLAB programming. The course is well designed and beautifully explained by prof. Mike Fitzpatrick and prof. Akos Ledeczi.  I am grateful to the professors and Vananderbilt University for providing the course.
Thank you very much, Mike, I thoroughly enjoyed your class. I really appreciate your patience and clear explanation of each and every detail of the MATLAB code. I could able to follow your outstanding teaching and hopefully, I will utilize this experience in solving practical problems that I am going to work on.Thanks again!!Sincerely, Nagaraju Dande
Unbelievable course. The lectures, ebook, homework, and help/feedback in the forum make this an elite learning experience. The course assumes little or no knowledge of programming, and only basic math concepts. I'm so grateful to the instructors who made this course, as it is given me the foundation necessary to take the next steps into data science.
Clear Explanation. Good for people without programming background. But MATLAB has very different syntax in some cases from other popular languages. (eg. array index starts from 1 but not 0) These are quite annoying. That's not the problem of the instructor of course. The instructor gives very good lectures! The homework problems are also interesting!
I think this is a very good introduction to MATLAB. The course was a bit too slow-paced for me, but I think that's totally fine. The assignments were also challenging. Just the last assignment should be reconsidered as, without any knowledge of audio signal, it's pretty hard to even find where to start. But overall this course was very informative.
This course was quite helpful to renew my knowledge on MATLAB and even learn new skills. It forces you to be creative, stick to practical thinking and elegant solutions rather than to lose yourself in endless lengthy loops. I find it very important to be concise when handling matrices, especially large data arrays, so this came in very handy to me.
As the title says, the course focuses on computer programming, or the 'matlab' language. Using this as a tool for learning/doing mathematics is not covered in this course. However, this course is really essential in appreciating the 'matlab' language and of course the documentation is great, so you can easily solve differential equations and stuff.
This course is a very basic introductory lesson for beginners who have no previous experience with MATLAB or programming. I really learnt a lot basic knowledge from this course. For people who already knows programming or has some experience, this course will be too easy and you should move to more advanced class. Many thanks to the instructors!!!!
Thank You sir for explaining each  problem in detail and also a big thanks for giving hints over the problem when I went the wrong paths.This course looks easy and is. But toward the end when the real world situation problems are given the code may be simple but we have to put all my knowledge to clear those assignment.The was good and enjoyable.
The course is very informative and it takes you from basics to advanced in gradual manner. The assignment problems are really good and challenging. It is a must course for those who want to use MATLAB as a tool for doing projects in various domains. I am using MATAB for mechanical engineering applications. Thank you for such a wonderful course!!!
Great Job. It is really a wonderful course. I has very useful information and practice exercises. The book also is easy to read and understood . Thanks so much for this course. Thanks for all instructors and mentors reply on forum. They were always there for support.   I hope you can arrange another series of this course for advanced programming.
This course is just excepcional! From a point of view of a person who had just a few experience em MATLAB, I'd say that it helped me a lot. I learned a lot of new things and I'm very thankfull. However, I must say that some exercises are, let's say, too hard for people who had few experiencies on programming. Anyway, thanks for the great course!
Excellent course. Particularly the problems of the last week are quite interesting and they test all the skills learned during rthe course. These problems are very helpful for all those who intend to take up image processing, signature analysis, AI and process automation. I extend my heartfelt thanks for teaching me new skills of a new language.
i do recommend this course for every engineer, MATLAB is a nice tool that helps you analyzing and evaluate your project. The material throughout this course is handy and easy to understand with those great stuff. But the programming assignment was hard especially the last two assignments.Thank you very much, you make my engineering life better .
Very good Introductory course for MATLAB. And it provides license for accessing the online version of MATLAB, which means you could use it to practice.The only unsatisfactory should be that some videos are too long. Maybe it's a good idea to use more exercise with a cheat-sheet and a after-practice explanation on confusing points in the course.
Hello every one before starting the course i have zero knowledge on matlab i don't know basics also but i successfully completed the course now i have an confident that i know about mat lab i can confidendently attend for the interviews regarding mat labthankyou coursera team for providing  this wonderful courses  free and encouraging students
Excelente contenido y problemas a resolver muy interesantes y retadores, algunos se complican si se leen bien. Aprend a usar mejor la herramienta con conceptos que desconocaExcellent content and problems to solve very interesting and challenging, some are complicated if read well. I learned to use the tool better with concepts I didn't know.
This is an excellent course to start programming. Professor Mike Fitzpatrick is awesome teacher. The way he teach is really amazing, it never feels just like a lecture video but the way he teaches gives the realistic feeling of being taught in classroom. He made learning programming fun through his lectures and the contents are also fabulous.
Mike is very detailed in his discussions and examples during his lectures. The occasional humor that he injects during his lectures makes the subject matter less boring (sorry for the lack of a better word) to listen to. This course definitely laid down the necessary foundation that I need to learn to get me up and running with using Matlab.
This is a phenomenal course and absolutely recommended for those who don't know anyting about coding. You will appreciate the teachings of Dr. Fitzpatrick and the assignments are perfectly graded and challenging. Only one issue that the last two assignment questions(echo_gen and img_blur) ,in my opinion needs to be more elaborated and clear
Excellent course!!! I had learned MATLAB before but this course really opened my eyes to see MATLAB  for what it truly is, a programming language! My previously shallow understanding of MATLAB has been very much deepened, and I am very grateful for that. 100% recommend! The bits of humour during the lessons made it all the more enjoyable :)
The course is very well organized. I learnt a lot of things in MATLAB programming. The assignments are really good, sometimes tough also. The video lectures are very useful in solving the assignments. The videos are just the perfect blending of theory and programming. Nice course by Vanderbilt University. Thanks to the Professors and team.
Its very fantastic course with good teaching and real time practises. Its be a great challenge to complete this course.I believe that it will help me to start a new career in my life. this is beginning for me and do a lot of hard work to improve my skills. thank you very much coursera for giving wonderful opportunity during COVID lockdown.
It is really help full course for us as we become more familiar with programming and coding in Matlabi learn many more function and use of then through this course which will reduce time required to get work done. i am also thankful to Mike Fitzpatrick for explaining all lesion with such easiest way.Again thank-you so much to all relevant.
Very good course as an introductory. Covers basis of programming using MATLAB. The content is very interesting and useful because it shaped a strong basic of MATLAB and make it easy for anyone to finds its own way to go deeper. This my second time as a revision and to complete the Course because last time I have watched  downloaded videos.
Amazing course!!! This is my first time trying a web-course and also the first time for programming. The lectures are well-prepared and clear. The homework is challenging but not impossible, which enabled me to learn a lot. The friendly mentors response my questions fast and in details, which makes me feel supportive. Highly recommended!
A really good course, the instructor explains everything to you down to the smallest details, giving example to everything, the assignments are pretty balanced, giving you a good test for what you learned without being insanely difficult for new learners. I'd recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn programming from scratch.
From being an absolute novice about programming nine weeks ago to knowing something about the same topic now feels great. The course content and the way everything has been put together is awesome and very easy to understand at the same time. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone with little or no knowledge of programming.
I enjoyed how the course is structured and how assignments are prepared to encourage learning. It helped me to find the gaps in my knowledge. I learned MATLAB specifically for my research projects (lots of time-lapse image analysis). With this course, I feel more confident with my programming skills. Thank you, Vanderbilt University!
I have thoroughly enjoyed this course, thank you! Some assignments are meant to be more challenging, but they are great ways to put what you've learnt to practice and build your programming skills. The topics of the assignments are diverse which gives you a sense of how broadly MATLAB can be applied to different problems and fields.
The course is very helpful in learning the software. It is learner friendly as teacher gives so many examples to make understand the syntax. The course not only enhances software skills but also gives an insight on theoretical concepts. It make different concepts on matrices clear. Last but not the least, Course is very much helpful
This course is a satisfactory one for those who might be trying coding first time, but it is the best course of MATLAB that one can start with and provides all the basic overview as well as detailed parts of programming, and also shows real life problems. It's assignments also cover all the possible problems of real life problems.
I haven't finished the course yet, but I can certainly already say that it is excellent. Prof. Fitzpatrick's pleasant Southern pace and humor  along with the well-structured course design  make this a winner for anyone interested in learning how to use Matlab, as well as a good introduction to basic concepts of linear algebra.
Perfect course for a beginner who wants to learn the basics of MATLAB. There is no need to have any prior knowledge to programming either, one can just start learning. i recommend engineers or programmers or anyone with a curiosity to study this course as this skill has a vast scope and can come in handy with many applications.
This course was very useful and interesting for me, I could not break from studying it. With each new task, more and more wanted to solve the problem. The video lectures were especially interesting and most importantly not boring. I want to thank everyone who made the effort to create this course, you have done a very good job.
Excellent course even for student without any programming foundation!Sometimes,the Professor's way of teaching has been very interesting and impressive :) . It has really opened a door for me to learn computer science as one of my hobbies.Looking forward to other courses concerning How to use Matlab to build  mathematic models.
I really liked Professor Mike Fitzpatrick's way of teaching and explaining each topic. He made the programming language quite easy to understand and use. The assignments also helped me to progressively grow my knowledge and do well in the submissions. Overall I liked this course and I would recommend other students to take it.
I have just started with coding for my future project on robotics. MATLAB is very powerful tool and this course give a good introduction about MATLAB. I learned all concepts and completed with all assignments. Some I solved easily while some assignments took time. Some assignments challenges your learning which I like the most
I am forever grateful to you for letting me have this course. I have been benefited a lot by this. The course is structured very well for a beginner. There is a brevity of time, however, this course covered many topics and suggested reference book names for other important topics. Thank you Vanderbilt university and Coursera.
Best for the beginners. I undertook the course to brush up my basics and it was highly useful. Kudos to the team for bringing out the best material for MATLAB on the web. The assignments were really good. I hope the team comes up with Advanced programming with MATLAB that will be useful for the professionals in the industry.
A very well constructed course with assignments that challenge the student's problem solving and Matlab acquired knowledge enough, without being too too much above the needed level. Highly recommended, as well as viewing the discussion forums which is filled with the same questions that you'll have throughout the curriculum.
Excellent course with wonderful explanations and illustrations. The team handling the grader technology has done a very good job too. Last but not the least, the forums for discussions have been eye-openers in the case of a few problems. The mentors have promptly replied to queries in the best possible way. 
5 stars from me.
I totally recommend this course. This course includes Euler inspired project exercises which I found are very interesting and challenging problems. I believe the recommended book is hidden jewel which together with the course make you a strong Matlab programmer. In general, this course is a strong Matlab programming course.
The professor MIke Sir is a brilliant instructor. I could only stick to his lectures this long because his way of teaching is very unique, and the little humor that he adds in between is just amazing. Thank you sir and of course the entire team that developed this course. I am way better at Matlab now than I was before.
This course has helped me tremendously to enhance my coding skills in MATLAB. The instructor Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick is really a good teacher and deals with the course in a very interesting manner. Thank you very much for offering this course in this platform. I indeed had a good time learning the basics in programming.
It's a great course for using MATLAB as a programming language for the beginner. The best part of it was the Homework Problem. It provided me great sense of achievement after completing the Homework set 8. Thank you Vanderbilt and Coursera for the opportunity of learning this course while staying in Nepal. Thank You!!!
The programming lessons have been planned meticulously. Even for a beginner, it is very easy to follow. The programs are challenging and verify the breadth of the skills developed. I really gained a lot with this course. Thanks to the course instructor, university and the Coursera for providing this excellent course.
It is mandatory to those students who are going or are willing to go in an engineering university. I have already referred this course to my younger sister. When I was entering in an engineering university, I did not know about the MOOCS. One thing more, the tune for this course is awesome like the course instructor.
A great MOOC, excellent content and assignments that really help you master programming with such a powerful language like matlab. I highly recommend this course to anyone involved in mechanical or electrical engineering and has little or no experience with matlab. A warm hug to everyone who help create this course.
The course was a wonderful learning experience. Personally, I found the exercices stimulating and helpful in applying the concepts learnt in the course. I enjoyed the algorithm building for some of the more challenging problems in the assignments. I recommend this course to all the beginners willing to learn MATLAB.
It is an amazing course to get started in MatLab. The last assignment problems are really amazing they will test if you've really learned what is taught or not. The teacher is very experienced so the course is not just about writing code but he also teaches how to get things done and some jokes keep the mood fresh.
Thank You Coursera for helping out a student like me.This course has enough material to get you started and the assignments given are really fruitful in understanding the concepts taught well.I would personally recommend this course to any one who wants to start with Matlab as this course delivers enough to start.
This course is AMAZING, start from basics and the homework makes you think a lot! The classes videos are very interesting showing the concepts and giving a lot of examples (with a bonus of couple jokes, the professor Mike Fitzpatrick is very good!).Thanks Vanderbilt University and Coursera for this great course :)
Brainstorming assignments which tease your brain accompanied with detailed explanation by Mike sir and his humorous teaching method which never makes us exhausted or sleepy in his lecture. There is a clear transition seen in me after I completed this course compared to that before I joined this course.Farewell!!!
This course is one of my favorite.  The instructor has given all for this course the style of teaching is magnificent. If you are a novice in programming, you'll never find a better course than this. The level of teaching has been set to very fundamental and basic to high level. Thanks for designing this course
If you have no any Experience of the programming language than I strongly commanded this course because of this course contains all fundamental ideas of MATLAB and Prof. Mr.  Mike Fitzpatrick gives detail knowledge of MATLAB in this course. Also the exercises is very useful for getting idea about of functions.
This course was very useful to me .I learnt MATLAB in a very simple and effective way. Thanks to the instructors for this wonderful course. I loved their way of teaching. The Discussion Forum is also very active and informative. Most of my doubts were cleared by reading threads of other classmates discussion.
It's a great course with very challenging assignments.All the assignments cover most of  the concepts that needs to be covered  along with on demand discussion forums.I personally liked the course a lot. It helped me explore variety of concepts that a MATLAB can do.Thank you for providing such a great course.
It was an amazing course about understanding the MATLAB language and it's uses. The instructor sure has his unique way of teaching things that helped me grasp the key aspects in a very amazing manner. 10/10 would heavily recommend to anyone planning to get into the MATLAB environment. Thank you so much guys.
This course guided me on my first (somewhat clumsy) steps in MATLAB in an informative, easily comprehensible and fun way! It absolutely motivated me to get deeper into it! Short: one of the best online courses I've ever attended and definitely worth recommending!@authors: thank you so much for your effort!
Did struggle to understand the instructions for the final assignment (echo_gen). Once I worked out what was actually needed it wasn't too tricky to achieve. It would be helpful to have a few more practice scenarios along the way, not necessarily for assessment but useful for practice and cement learning.
It was very helpful to me in all the aspect regarding programming,coding,problem solving etc. I have developed new skills in computer programming  through this course.I suggest that all the engineer who are interested in computer as well as machine programming  learning should take this course.Thank you
I enjoyed a lot this course. When I started, I already know a few things about MATLAB, so the first and the second weeks was a little boring, but when other weeks become, It started to be more challenging I learn many new things. Thanks, Coursera, Vanderbilt University, and my University (UFSM-Brazil).
Superb course for beginners to programming. The professors were truly awesome, and were really funny but at the same time had a clear cut idea of the concept and were exceptional in explaining them. The assignment questions towards the end were really challenging and were truly not meant for beginners.
This course on Matlab is very interesting and lots of learning, assignments are good and challenging. Brandon Sir and his discussion forum is very helpful to solve assignments. This has created a good hands on experience of Matlab programming, and will help me in learning more Matlab further. Thank You
Very helpful to learn principles of MATLAB. Some prior programming experience is best for this class, as it is not as comprehensive and basic as other programming fundamentals courses. However, great instructor videos with built in assignments accurately test and apply material learned in the course.
Perfect! It is a very nice course, I really enjoyed it a lot. I got to learn many new things, obviously MATLAB but also new programming-style related things even though I know C, C++, and Python already. The assignments were the best part, the questions very awesome, they helped me a lot in learning.
Great Teaching.Systematically builds concepts from the begining. Micheal Fitzpatrick rocks!Mentors are very helpful and you are certain to get a reply within a day of posting your question on the forums page.Thanks a lot to Vanderbilt University and coursera for letting me be a part of this program:)
It was really fun to learn with these teachers. They are really amazing,no doubt about that.I really enjoyed the full course with them.Hope that, I will attend their class one day physically. Lots of love & respect for them.Iftekhar Bangladesh University of Engineering & Technology Dhaka ,Bangladesh
Its a very complete course, the teacher is a progammer expert! and he explains every concetp with clarity and his examples are helpfull to resolve the tests. (also his jokes are great).  If you have any doubt the course staff advises you. I hope there will be  the next part of the course!Thank you!
The course was truly helpful and intensive. I have learned so many things not only in Matlab software but also in computer programing basics. I have struggled at some points since I am a beginner in Matlab, but eventually, I passed those problems. Thanks to the amazing lecturer Dr.Mike Fitzpatrick.
I would specially like to thanks Professor and all those staff member who are associated with these course for helping me out during the course. Staff instructor as well as support staff make understand tough concepts in easy language as well as reply to the questions in a very short span of time.
very good experience...Professor Mike makes classes interesting. Discussion forums also help you to solve some difficult problems. This is the basic MATLAB course but it contains some challenging problems as well. I enjoyed every assignment and lecture. I am missing the professor's humor already.
Great course!The assignments are challenging and interesting. The topics are very well explained and take a logical sequence. The power of MATLAB is well presented in this classes.I'm sure that my programming skills got to a higher level and I've been recommending to all my friends and colleages.
I am a civil engineer. Yet I enjoy programming. I have enjoyed a lot and learned well with such an amazing instructors. I believe they are the best instructors for MATLAB. Learning this course has become a memory for me. Its an amazing experience. I loved solving homework problems in this course.
Really amazing course. The content was very well explained and the assignments really test your understanding. As long as you do everything here faithfully, you don't have to worry about anything else. I just wish there was part 2 of this course or at least some more self practicing assignments.
This course has taught me not only the language of MATLAB, but also the important principles in programming that I believe can be applied to other programming language. The course presents thoroughly and in a proper pace. The assignments as well as the grading system are also very comprehensive.
For me this course act like "POTTERS" that "MOLD" me to be a good MatLab Programmer. This course helps a lot in my academics and ongoing research project. MatLab is a language with great excitement and too simple. Thank you to all people behind this, especially to the professors in this course.
The course give you some matlab coding skills that could be helpful for academic research. If you are an engineer probably you are familiar with MATLAB but this course gives you specific skills which are mostly important for your purpose of using it. Thank to the instructors for great course.
This is a excellent course.the teacher is osam,he is easy to explained all weeks video and easy to understand by example,this is a very interesting course and all video have  been make by simple language and i will suggest all student must do this courseThank you sir for available this course
Incredible Experience! This course seemed out to be a journey with challenges in form of assignments. They test your capability to think out of the box. In addition to that, discussion forums are the best part of this course. Help provided by mentors and staff at each moment is an upper-hand.
This is a fairly straightforward course. The instructor Dr. Fitzpatrick is excellent and prepares you to do well on the assignments, quizzes, tests and programming assignments. The support via the Discussion Forum is also great. All in all very good. Some math background is certainly a plus.
This course on  MATLAB by Vanderbilt university is amazing. It offers various applications of the functions that they teach along with very knowledgeable and helpful instructors. I like the little fun that the professor keeps having during the lectures, it does make it much more interesting.
This was really a great memory conducting this course.If you are looking for a course where you wanna learn programming with fun by matlab,this course is for you.I can't express my greetings to the teaching staff.I just wanna say,thank you so much for making a helpful and interesting course
Very easy to understand, problems kept it engaging and were at exactly the right level; often quite difficult to solve but really satisfying when you did. They also meant you had to look back and remember what you'd learned in earlier parts of the course. I also really liked the instructor.
This course has been very helpful. Thanks to all our mentors and instructors, I have gained confidence. Now I believe that I can understand as well as solve problems in MATLAB. This course is very good for the beginners. I recommend it to whoever wants to learn about programming in MATLAB.
Absolutely brilliant course. highly recommended for anyone who wants to learn programming and coding.  Such amazing teachers to learn from. Thank you Michael Fitzpatrich, Akos Ledeczi, Vanderbilt University for this opportunity and Coursera for giving u such a wonderful platform to learn.
Thank you very much for your expertise. It is a very rewarding experience taking this class. I learned fundamental concepts in programming. When I started this journey, I had no knowledge on computer programming.  It is a good foundation for me to move on to other programming languages.
Easy-to-follow videos with thorough explanations of the fundamental. It consists of encouraging assignments (bearable if you watch all videos preceeding it) to check up your skill along the way. Very recommended for anyone (yes, ANYONE) who wants to try a programming language somewhere.
It's a very good course for matlab beginners . Course content is very good and assignments are of very good level. Instructor Mike is very good. His voice is clear and sharp in course. At last it is a very good course and I would recommend anybody to take this one for matlab beginners.
The best Course on programming ever!! Not only does it help you get accustomed to MATLAB it also helps to bring a strong foundation in programming. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and would definitely recommend it to all young engineering students !! Thank you for this wonderful course
Really helpful and suitable for beginners. Even though I had some programming experience in the past, professor Mike Fitzpatrick makes programming look easy. Would recommend this course to anyone interested in learning MATLAB, of course, but also to those interested in problem solving.
Top Course. The instructor teaches you in the best possible way. You do not need any prior knowledge about MATLAB. Absolutely wonderful course to lean. The assignments in the end become very difficult. One can dilute the difficulty to some extent. Nevertheless this one is a must-take!!
Great course for an introductory level. However, you should have skills in physics and mathematics in order to solve some of the homework. The lecturer speaks clear and try to make  enjoyable a subject that lacks of fun at all (programming), sometimes achieving it. Recommended course!
Well prepared and tailored for beginners in programming with MATLAB. The assignments helps with understanding the course even better. After taking this course, I discovered that I suddenly love MATLAB and all my fears for coding have vanished. Kudos to the facilitators of this course.
Best course I have done in Coursera so far! It is rewarding to learn new concepts of programming throughout the course, and MATLAB is a must to learn for engineers. A comprehensive course that gets you thinking 24/7 about several problems that can be solved efficiently by using MATLAB
A really good course especially for the beginners, who are planning to start programming with MATLAB. Detailed explanations and well-designed programming assignments covering the basics of MATLAB and providing room for logic development, which is the base for any kind of programming.
The course "Introduction to Programming with MATLAB" helped me in improving my skills and knowledge of the basics of coding and provided an exposure to the world of programming. During this course I learnt various important things which will surely help me in the professional world.
This course was a fun and excellent introduction to fundamental concepts of computer programming. For people who have no idea whatsoever about programming, this is the place to start. Even if you are a novice programmer, take this course to become more familiar with MATLAB language.
Excellent course to start programming with MATLAB.  It was a very involving course! Everything is taught by doing it practically, and the professor has done an excellent job. Assignments are really good and make you adept in what you learn the whole week. I enjoyed every bit of it!
The course is really informative and amazing. One can learn so much from this course. Though after a point of time, course will gather up a pace therefore one needs to explore many things by themselves too. But in the end, you'll love the content and the professor, not to mention.
Great course and a good one for anyone with little or no background in MATLAB. I started as a beginner with no background in MATLAB and with the help of the lecture videos I was able to do all the assignments (got 100% in all except 90% for the objectives) and complete the course.
An extraordinary opportunity to learn, to have discipline and dedication, and to enter the great world of programming, especially with MatLab which is a wonderful and fundamental tool for many professionals, thank you very much for the teaching given, I will be grateful for life.
This course really helped me learn MATLAB such a challenging programming tool from the very beginning, and tried to use it to solve more problems in my daily work and study. Thanks to the instructor's patient and explicit courses, I started to interested in practical programming.
One of the best courses present on Coursera. After completing the course I was able to do programming in MATLAB very easily. The course is very well structured and is very good for beginners. The instructors are amazing whether it be the video lectures or the discussion forums.
An unorthodox introduction into programming and an excellent introduction into MatLab! The tasks are interesting and some are a challenge even for an experienced programmer (at least for those whose everyday job does  not require knowledge about triangular waves or cyclotrons).
Really good course. If you complete all the problems by yourself and really push to get 100% in all assignments you will surely gain the skills to program in matlab. I started the course with little to no programming experience with matlab and this course really did it for me.
It was a remarkable experience with a roller coaster of difficulties, disappointments, and successes after hours of thinking about that error one can easily miss. I can not fully express how professor Fitzpatrick is good at teaching. His character is quite unique and amazing.
Great course. Enjoyed it a lot. It's so interesting that I completed it in less than half of the time given. I recommend this course to all those who want to learn MATLAB. Great for beginners. Taught very well by the course instructor. Discussion forum also helped very much.
Had a really fun and informative course with the professor Mike Fitzpatrick. His puns in between kept the whole thing alive lol!!Everyone who wants to understand a bit of coding should take this course as anyone without computer science background like me can grasp it well.
Excellent introduction to be a programmer in MatLab, I would like to add a comment about the creation of more examples related to each exercises or test in order to increase the skills because each example help to know to test every command. Thank you for this opportunity!
I had a great learning experience of Matlab in such a nice understanding way. My takeaway from this course is the fundamentals of programming in Matlab. Thought I am good in C/C++, Java and python but having this course let me think programming statements in different way.
Thanks for the delivering this invaluable knowledge in the form of lectures,assignments and readings.It will definitely helpful to me in problem solving through Matlab tools in many application. Hope for support from your side in future to make our relations more fruitful.
For a non programmer like me, this course was far more challenging  then I thought. Week 1 to 5 are easier to do. Week 6,7,8,9 are very challenging. Professor Mike has done really well to make such complex coding look simpler.I will revise the concepts as per the occasion.
The course is very nice. It is packed up with video lectures and challenging problems.what I liked about the course is the problems a student really needs to listen the lectures with concentration to solve problems.this would help you to brush up your knowledge of Matlab.
Thank you for this great introduction to Matlab.  Lessons are clear and effective. It was a chance for me to revise basic programming by learning a new language.  I also had fun  solving some homework! I would appreciate it very much if you could add some advanced topics.
This course helps me to improve my MATLAB skill. The instructor teaches this course very well. Moreover, the contents are enriched too. Whoever looking forward to improvising his/her MATLAB skill or getting started with MATLAB, I will recommend him/her to do this course.
It started off relatively easy and became progressively harder and it was adequately challenging and quite interesting particularly the final assignment. I would recommend it to anyone looking to learn a new language and see the applications of Matlab in everyday life.
The course is extremely good. Thank you Vanderbilt University for this awsome course. However, I found the assignments a bit more complicated compared to the course materials. There are no hints for the last week assignments. The final 3 assignments are extremely hard.
Excellent course I extremely enjoyed the course. Just a suggestion to the beginners do not give up it took me really long but I did it finally so you need to be consistent whatever you do.Thanks to the professor and the whole team for such a great effort.Regards,Naqash
It's very good for beginner like me. The instruction teaches the course step by step which make the course very clear to rookies. Thank you very much for ppl who have involved in making this course! Highly recommended to everyone who want to start learning programming!
I would recommend this course for anyone interested in learning more about programming! Having taken a similar course in Java, I still felt challenged and learned new things during each lesson. The professors were very clear and responded to forum inquiries promptly.
Very nicely organised course and the tutor was very clear in training us, my sincere thanks to the university and tutor.  The online MATLAB tool was very cute.  I Thoroughly enjoyed the course.  Hope I had more time, so that I could have focused and spent more time.
I'm on the 7th week and thanks for all your effort. I'm very happy to take this course. And it's really encouraging to see such efforts for teaching people all around the world. The course is very interactive, instructive, clever and covers the most important parts.
This is an amazing course for beginners. At the end of week 9, the final exercise really spice up things because they are based on the collective use of all the learning which we have gained until now. Thanks to Coursera for introducing me to this wonderful course.
The course is very Interactive  and interesting. But some video lectures are too long , which is a bit boring .Divide them in small videos. Overall it is great course .Thanks a lot , J.Michael Fitzpatrick and kos Ldeczi as well as coursera for such a great course
I learned so much from this course. For a non-programmer, the lessons are organized very neatly, and all the concepts are well-explained. The skills I learned from this course can definitely extend to other programming languages I would want to learn in the future.
Precise explanation of each and every topic. The many assignments are on real applications, helps you to develop an understanding of how to use programming for real-life applications. Good support from the team in the discussion forums to help us solve the problems
This course have given me a solid base for further excellence in this particular course. I was very impressed  with and thankful to our instructor. yet here is many thing to cover in the field of MATLAB but this has provided me a solid head start. Thank you.......
I took this course to learn the basics of MATLAB. My knowledge in other programming languages also helped me throughout the course. Also, the tutor Prof. Mike did a perfect job in teaching this course. Now, I'm in a position to code my own with MATLAB. Thank you.
This was the most enjoyable class I have taken possibly ever. It was impeccably designed, the instruction was brilliant and sometimes goofy. I feel like I learned the basis of a useful skill and am excited to go deeper into MATLAB in the coming months. Thank you!
This is a great course and people who want to learn MATLAB coding with no prior knowledge of coding can benefit a lot. Professor Mike explains everything from small details like accessing various sections of GUI to intermediate level coding with immense patience.
Very accessible and the labs are really interesting to begin to practice.The content (video, presentation...), platform and tools are really awesome thanks to give all this available for everyone.Thank you for your work to provide us with this really good course.
An Excellent Course to Start and Learn Programming and/or MATLAB.Especially loved the Sense of Humour of the Professor who presented difficult concepts with Simplicity.Also, very Responsive Discussion Forums to answer any query which somehow escaped the Lectures.
Thanks a lot! Course content of this course is extremely good. I am hearty thankful to Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick and Prof.  Akos Ledeczi for their brilliant teaching.  I am looking forward for the advanced version of this course such as MATLAB for Numerical Methods.
This course is fantastic for getting a basic understanding of the fundamentals of MATLAB. The professor is well-spoken and easy to follow. The assignments are challenging yet doable. I recommend this to anyone who is wanting to learn the basics of this software.
I WOUID LIKE TO SAY THANKS TO ALL PROFESSORS AND ALL  MEMBERS WHO PREPARED THIS COURSE;SOMETIME STUDENTS MAY REQUIRE BOK WHICH IS REFEREED  FOR THIS COURSE BUT IT IS NOT FREESO I REQUEST IF IT WOULD BECOME POSSIBLE, PROVIDE IT FREELY ATLEAST FOR THIS COURSE ONLY
The Course is really good and if you are a beginner I highly recommend this course because the instructor goes through every small aspect and goes through each and every case and scenario. The instructor is amazing and I really enjoyed while gaining a new skill.
I'd say, this course was a tough one, but if you pour your heart and soul into this course and of course MATLAB, it would definitely prove to be an excellent experience and will add patience and resolve to your personality, as well as some weight to your resume.
I found this course very well made. Before attending this course I was able only to program in C and I always found Matlab a powerful but also vast program language, this course allowed me to understand all that details that I would hane not understood by myself
The course structure was very well designed so that a person with bare knowledge of Matlab (like me) could understand the programming fundamentals. I would like to express my gratitude to the instructor Mr. Mike Fitzpatrick for wonderful flow of lecture series.
It was an amazing experience learning MATLAB undir the guidance of Mr.Mike Fitzpatrick.He helped me a lot,the way he taught,hie examples,explanations was just amazing.I would like to recommend this course to every coding enthusiast whoever wants to learn coding
This course has done exactly what it advertised. Anyone with or without a programming background can learn MATLAB easily. The video lectures and course material are very very helpful. All the assignments are designed o enhance your learning. Excellent course!!!
An excellent and well-structured course that covers the basics elegantly; the lead instructor is very thorough and approaches each topic with great enthusiasm. The assignments truly put your knowledge to test and are engaging. All-in-all a well-rounded course.
I really thank myself because I did this course,it's surely one of the very best courses coursera has to offer.And what makes this course more interesting is those detailed explanation of everything by Professor Mike to go with a good set of practice problems
One of the best course i have learned. The teaching method which the sir adopts is very interesting .Learning the course made the process easy and interesting.The programs so practical that makes fun to learn.Sirs has done the best job in making the wonderful
At the starting of the course I was deciding like should I take this course or not. The way the professor starts teaching got me addicted. A wonderful course and guided beautifully by the professor through the basics. Thank you sir for this wonderful course.
Excellent course! It gives you a good start to programming on MATLAB. I'd recommend this course for anyone with little or no previous experience at all. Prof. Fitzpatrick teaches right from the basics and in a pace that's easy to keep up with. Overall 5/5!!!
This course helped me understanding the very basics of matlab programing. i have learned debugging, working with function, and implementation of logic. Achieved a good habit like writing comments on program. And special thanks to professor Mike Fitzpatrick.
It is always a pleasure to learn from Professors who are so passionate about what they do, which is one of the reasons that made this course so enjoyable to go through. Professor Mike will definitely keep your attention rapt with his lucid and fun videos.
A great course for beginner/intermediate level with an amazing presenter. I wish I had professors like him at my university. A great course to learn the programming language. I can get back to this course whenever I need help with any type of programming.
This intro to matlab course on coursera is well designed for a beginner programmer and the concepts are well taught. I like the way of starting slow with basics and speeding up on comprehensive topics. overall i m satisfied ipon competion of this course.
Mike Fitzpatrick is an amazing instructor, kinda feels like Matter from Cars movie when he speaks has incredible knowledge and makes the course as much interesting as possible. I don't think I have done any other online course that felt this interesting.
The course was fantastic. I am humbled & grateful to the Vanderbilt University &  especially to Mike Fitz sir for delivering amazing knowledge on each topic comprehensively. I extend my best wishes to him & the team for their future. Thanks to one & all.
First of all lot of thanks to "coursera" for providing us such an amazing courses.couse instructor "Dr. Mike Fitzpatrick" explained and taught us very well.i am beginner to programming but now i feel very well and blessed.thanks very much to all of you!
I just loved every bit of this course. It is so very helpful to learn the basics of Matlab. I would love to join any intermediate or advanced Matlab courses under professor Mike Fitzpatrick. Urging for a basic Simulink and Stateflow course by Coursera.
The final course problems were challenging but not beyond what the course material provided. I loved the videos; the instructor was funny, and made me want to keep adding notes to my future codes(regardless of platform) for those who know to read them.
An excellently balanced and better composed course. Thanks to professor Mike FitzPatrick and coursera team for all the learning I had from here. I would strongly request professor Mike and the coursera team to offer a more advanced level Matlab course.
I believe that this is one of the best ways to get introduced. With the completion of this course, you should be able to gain reasonable programming skills which can be further brushed up by practising. I wish to thank the professor for his tutorials.
The method of teaching which the teacher followed was very helpful. The course covered many concepts which were new to me though I was using MATLAB previously. The assignments were designed very thoughtfully. Overall happy with the course. Thank you!!
I was using MatLab before this course reading the documentation. This course instead, help me realize what  I was doing wrong and become a mor effective programmer. It worthed the time I spent dealing with course's assessments regadless of difficulty.
Wow. I loved everything about this course. Excellent course content, excellent instructor and very very helpful discussion form. It contains so many assignments which are very tricky, but believe me, once you solve them, you will be proud of yourself.
Really clear instruction with assignments that are appropriately challenging. The staff are active in the discussion forums and the text is also very helpful. Really and excellent introduction to MATLAB and programming (I have no previous experience).
The course is great and the content are very useful although the last assignment is a bit difficult becuase you need a bit accoustic skills to do that one and it take me a whole day to complete it . But put that aside it is really a wonderful course.
Vanderbilt University's Programming with Matlab offers very well structured and well delivered lectures. Course level, content and practice homework/exams have helped me build a solid foundation for my growing programming skills. Highly recommended!!
Introductory course on MATLAB.  Very well delivered, definitely recommended.  Enjoyed every little bit from beginning to end.  Recommended to everybody who heard about the MATLAB but he is afraid that it might be to difficult to learn how to use it.
It's my first programming experience and I must say it was awesome. Dr. Fitzpatrick is one of the best instructors I've ever seen. He taught the entire course a very decent way. The forum was also very helpful and teaching staffs are responsive too.
This was an absolutely amazing course which teaches the fundamentals well enough for us to build on and learn more. The method of teaching of the professor was very engaging. Thank you for putting up this course. Worth the money for the certificate.
The best course I've taken on Coursera. Funny instructor and very well taught course. Lectures are concise and homework problems can become challenging but rewarding. I would recommend to anyone who is interested in learning programming with MATLAB.
I really enjoy the course. It helped me to know and understand how to use MATLAB in a basic way. This course will strength your MATLAB skill with a lot of assignments. The longer you go, the harder exercises but I believe that's a good way to learn.
This is an awesome course provided by  VANDERBILT UNIIVERSITY. You people are enhancing our knowledge in such a typical situation of pandemic. I am personally really appreciating your all efforts. Thanks to coursera as well as Vanderbilt university
The teacher is very clear in his explanations and has a good sense of humor . Although I had computer programming lessons, it was 35 years ago, so this was a chance for me to review the logic of computer programming. Thank you very much professor.
This course very good for learning programming. Good lectures and exercises. Assignment runs with each video very well. It was easy to go back and listen to the lectures. The discussion forum is helpful. Thanks for putting this course on Coursera.
I will definitely recommend this course for a beginner, who has no previous knowledge about MATLAB.The instructor Mike Fitzpatrick is awesome, I admired him. Gained a good knowledge from this course. thanks to Coursera and vanderbilt university...
A comprehensive overview of the basic principles of Matlab as a programming language. Instruction is clear, but not overbearing and the tasks engaging and frustrating ( in the best possible way, the way all engineering problems are frustrating ).
A brilliantly structured and executed course. Prof. Fitzpatrick's classes are so much fun! I'm particularly grateful that this course was designed for beginner coders, and makes it seem like anyone can learn programming without too much effort.
Had a great amount of fun while programming in Matlab.  I have a little bit knowledge about C and C++ and  I can tell that that Matlab is way simple and easy to program with than the other two. Thanks for providing such a wonderful course.  :))
Wonderful course it taught me a lot to handle through matlab an saying about the last three problemsit really helped me a lot to discover solutions to real world problems through matlab thanks to fitzpatrick sir for such a wonderful explanation
An Excellent course. I love the way it was taught. I loled at some parts and slept through some but it was worth an experience. It really pushes you to become better. Last exercise were challenging but everything is difficult before it is easy.
it's really a great course taught by such a great teacher. i learned basic programming skills and have solved some problems with matlab. i feel so proud of myself and i'm finally not scared of programming anymore. this course really changed me.
If you want to learn how to programme using Matlab, this course is where u want to start. Amazing faculty (mainly Mike Fitzpatrick - the instructor) and clearest and easiest possible explanations to the fundamentals of programming with Matlab.
I don't know how to start , this is one of the finest course I have been through so far . The tutor in the video lectures has this quality of keeping you engaged even if for long hours. The course is really meant for anyone who wants to learn.
As-Salamu-Alykum. It is a very well designed and highly effective course for MATLAB Beginners.The Instructors and teaching staffs are very helpful . Thanks COURSERA,Professors and all others staffs for offering us such a good course on MATLAB.
it was really an interresting course thank you a lot.. but I think the assignments of the last week were a bit hard since we didn't study how to deal with image and sound files . but I'm going to rate it 5 stars and i think it deserves more !!
Best basics course ever. Assignments were challenging. Humorous Professor. What more could you ask ! Such a syntactical learning made so much fun just because of the Professor Mike Fitzpatrick. Thank You, its my 1st 5 star rating for a course.
The assignments and exercises are definitely challenging but are worth it. I really had to consult to some friends or see other references available online, but I guess being resourceful i one of the many good traits a programmer should have.
I enjoyed the course lectures. Although the last week course content was not that interesting but the professor made it quiet entertaining. Thank you for making such a course available for us beginners.  i hope I can use the knowledge gained.
This course helped a lot to learn the basics of MATLAB programming; Understanding its usage capabilities, learning its syntax and completing various problems, aided my programming skills. I also liked the witty remark of the instructor a lot
Very complete and pleasant introduction lecture to programming. Everything is super clear, well explained, and entertaining to follow. Exercises are a real plus to properly learn the knowledge dispensed in the videos. It was a great journey!
I had a brief introduction to programming during high school, but I felt this course course really gave me useful skills for the future. I want to thank Mike for his charisma and ability to teach as well as everyone who designed the course.
Professor Michael Fitzpatrick have a great way of teaching. I love it very much, sometimes he slips some funny jokes so i am not bored. I learned a lot about basic Matlab programming, and its free! Thank you very much Varderbilt University!
Thankyou for providing this course.Very grateful to Mike fitzpatrick, Akos ledeczi and Robert Tairus for making the course very simple to understand and challenging assignments.I am confident that i can attempt and do stuffs on matlab now.
This is a very well done course. The course material and dialogue is understandable and entertaining enough to keep you awake. It is the best on-line course that I have had to date. The responses to forum questions are timely and accurate.
Excellent Course!The instructor of the Course is one of the best teachers that I have ever seen.This course is designed properly.  I enjoyed all the assignments. If you want to learn Programming with MATLAB then you mush take this course.
One of the finest course which I have taken. Pedagogy of Mike Fitzpatrick and active useful reply of Brandon Armstrong is appreciable. It's an enjoyable learning journey. Thanks, the whole team and Coursera for providing this opportunity.
Though the course is so long but at this pandemic situation  i took me about 1 month to finish this.Thanks prof. Mike Fitzpatrick for his excellent teaching.Those who are beginner to the programming,can take this course without any doubt.
This course was very informative and felt like a real classroom course. This was the first MOOC where I felt an emotional attachment with the teacher. Thank you Mike Fitzpatrick Sir and all other teaching staff creating such great course.
Very good course by vanderbilt university. I love the way it has been thought by the instructor, Thank you sir for imbibing me with the knowledge in such a good manner.Hope it will be useful for me as a mechanical engineer in the future.
It was a great course for me, I explored many programming courses before. But the lecturer managed to get my attention for a long time. The way Mr Mike illustrated the knowledge was great. I recommended this course to several colleagues.
Thank you very much for providing this wonderful course to me.Before stepped into this course ,I have a little shivering about programming int computer,but once I completed this course I have  possessed more confidence to do programming.
Really an excellent course. I started with  zero knowledge about MATLAB  and ended up quite more confident to work in MATLAB . Especially staff and discussion forum really helped me. If you are reading this then you will try this course.
The course is very well defined and show an easy path to learn computer programming even to those who don't have a prior knowledge of computer programming (i.e. Me). The video lectures are also shows a step by step approach.  Thank you.
the course was very well designed and good for beginners who wants to learn programming.the assignments were challenging and good.i thanks to cousera and vanderbilt university for providing this course and teaching in such a good way.
Totally loved the course. Of course the assignments got harder each week but doable with the help of the forum. I know, this is just an introduction course but I got out what I wanted: The interest for getting deeper into Programming.
This was the best online course I have ever done, I hope that there is going to be an advanced course soon. It was really challenging. I had an experiance of working with MATLAB before but I learned a lot of new things by this course.
THIS COURSE HAS PROVIDED ME WITH THE BASICS OF MATLAB PROGRAMMING WHICH WOULD BE VERY MUCH USEFUL FOR FUTURE REFERENCE.THE NOTES PROVIDED ARE EASILY UNDERSTOOD AND HELPED GREATLY IN UNDERSTANDING THE ORAL LANGUAGE.THANK YOU,COURSERA.
loved this course!! It was challenging sometimes, but the material is very well organised and the professors are great. I learned so many things for programming and I will try to improve further. Thank you very much for this journey.
Best and 1st full course taken and completed in matlab and on coursera. The mentors were experts in their field. Going to purchase this course now. I loved the process of this learning. Thanks for providing such a beautiful platform.
This is a fantastic introductory course for those of you who wish to learn MATLAB or programming in general. The lectures were superb, very clear and easy to follow. I would recommend this course to anyone who's willing learn MATLAB.
The best course I have taken online. Prof. Fitzpatrick explains thinks in an easy and clear way. He pays a lot of attention to common mistakes (in fact, the course alone helped me to understand almost all problems I had with MATLAB!)
I had Learned new things and new Programming concepts here. I also Completed MATLAB in my college but didn't enjoyed as much.Here i had Enjoyed and learned all the programming concepts very well. Thank you So much for such platform.
A very good course indeed, the video lectures are informative and entertaining and the assignments are challenging. It's a very good and intuitive introduction to programming within the MATLAB Environment!Thank you very much indeed!
The awesome class conducted by sir Fitzpatrick from Vanderbilt university gives us great knowledge and enhancement to our skills may we hope that Coursera continuously gives us such great advancements in knowledge thankyou verymuch
This is a wonderful course and very informative for students who want to learn Matlab but has little or no coding experience. The lectures give very specific explanation of how to code with Matlab and what details we should notice.
Loved it! Gained many more insightful views about the Matlab, since I was a ginner at the start of the topic...now I can fully guarantee I can understand most of the codes which I may come across...Thank you all for the Guidance!!
The module is well designed! The lecturer makes the material interesting with a sense of humour. All doubts and queries in the discussion forums are answered efficiently and comprehensively. Overall, it is an excellent experience!
A very helpful course (especially for beginners). Starts slowly but gradually it enhances the content and level of problems. Topics covered are very important but some more topics can be touched upon. Otherwise a wonderful course
This Course gives lot of ideas to write matlab program in my own ways.Course Instructor is explained lot of concepts in clear manner .Its really useful to research Scholars.My heartfelt thanks and wishes to the course instructor.
Perfect for getting into programming for the first time, or getting into MATLAB for the first time with prior programming experience. Questions are challenging enough for the latter case, but simple to understand for the former.
The course was really helpful for as an Engineering student pursuing graduate course in Electronics as MATLAB is the standard in various colleges in India. It allowed me to learn and tackle various useful problem with elegance.
Got an opportunity to learn programming even under busy schedules. Thanks to Coursera and its team members for teaching the basics of matlab programming. I would really recommend all to join coursera to keep themselves updated.
The designated course offered by Vanderbilt University, Introduction to Programming with MATLAB is a highly interactive and indulging course that truly consolidates one's notions and concepts on the MATLAB programming language.
It's an excellent course for anyone who's starting with programming.  It gives you an excellent background for basic programming skills and finally at the end of the course you will have a very good command over MATLAB as well.
It is an excellent course, comprising of knowledge driven lectures with a little bit of healthy humor by the instructor. It starts easy and gradually increases its difficulty level hence not  hampering once's rate of progress.
Very well organized with great introduction to Matlab though i already had an experience in using Matlab , this course explained a lot of new things.Very thanks to the Instructor. I played the video at 1.5x and 1.25x sometime.
Really interactive way of teaching they had. I would prefer this course to all of them who not only  want to learn Matlab but also to them who love to build logical thinking.Learning adventure was great and will be continued..
Excellent course! I really liked the teacher and the exercises. I will suggest it to every student that needs to learn programming and MatLabOne suggestion: can you put more "practical examples" based on "real-world problems"?
Everything is excellent about this course: videos are very well structured and entertaining. Exercises are sometimes challenging but there is great support and no question has not a quick reply. I highly recommend this course.
This course is really the best I could find on the Internet for anyone that wants to learn MATLAB. The material is good, and the assignments are really challenging and will absolutely help understand the concepts being taught.
Profeese Michael Fitzpatrick i have loved him through the course  he is super frindly , funnyand very  clever at what he does i googled him and found that that guy is a genious .thank you professor Fitzpatrick love from Egypt
I had to do a good amount of starting and stopping which I believe slowed me down and hindered my absorption of the information but this was a fantastic intro into CS/programming for me. I highly recommend taking this course.
the course was awesome, the assignment kept me excited and curious. those were very helpful to remember what have I learned and how can I implement in the real world problem too. Thank you very much for this wonderful course.
It was one of the best courses on MATLAB. The journey was very informative. During the course, i applied all my learned skills on other subjects, such as Mechanical Vibration, Mechanics etc. I hope to learn more from Coursera
The course is intensive and good to work around. Look forward for a free course on using toolboxes of Matlab in Simulink. Major interest is with automotive, image processing, video processing, using AI and antenna simulation.
This is the best platform to learn computer programming in Matlab. The best thing about this course is that they give us homework and provide us grader that check the each problem and tell whether the solution is true or not.
It was an extraordinary experience learning this programming in MATLAB and the lectures made me to get fascinated about the course and indulged me to work more on it. I am happy for having completed this course successfully!
It was an amazing course, I have learned a lot of principles in a two ways , first from the lecture , second from the assignments :)Thanks for Coursera group and for all student that they shared the question on this course .
I really enjoyed listening and learning from the Professor because he goes very slow, explaining all the details that one might miss out. The module is also very appropriately paced even for beginners to programming like me.
This course is really helpful to me, it is neither tough nor easy to do. The quality of study as well as the questions are so fine. Discussion forums really helps to understand or realize the situation of problem.Thank you..
I have limited knowledge about coding but I am a good learner and I am good at linear algebra and other advanced mathematics. I enjoy listening the instructors' teaching. Gradually, I believe I will get familiar with Matlab.
The best course that I have done and found at Coursera. I have learned a lot of things related to programming. This course just boosted my enthusiasm for MATLAB. This course builds a strong basic about Computer programming.
The instructor was clear with his approach.The pace of the course was just right .This course had a lot of assignments which helped in applying the concepts learnt in the lectures.Overall a great course for learning MATLAB!
Very good course! It is complete in a way that teaches the programming techinics from the very beginning but also challenges you to offer your best, researching for new tools and working hard to solve the proposed problems.
As an early undergraduate engineering student, this course was a big step through my journey of programming. Excellent and tricky questions that make you think in different ways to solve any problem in terms of programming.
i had some basic knowledge of matlab computer programing but i had no confidence in writing programbut this course provided me confidence of writing programs by arraging assignments and lectures by prof.Fitzpatric,thank you
He is Great Who Had Delivered his Priceless Knowledge To us I am Thankful To My Parents who had Made Me read and Most thankfully to The All The Teachers who had put me hear and love you Coursera for providing free education
It helps e to understand MATLAB programming better and it satisfied me that I didn't waste my lockdown period. Special thanks and appreciation to the instructor who leads the course very interesting with excellent delivery.
Great course and professor. He keeps it interesting, while being incredibly informative. The course goes over correct syntax as well as common errors, which is very useful for when you run into those frustrating situations!
Don't know why I am feeling something missing when the last class is about to end up. Though it took a long time and really a hard one to pass but thinking that how can I pass my days without programming. I really love it.
This is my first course completed successfully on Coursera.  I really appreciate the hard work of Prof.Fitzpatrick and other teachers. This course made me go from knowing nothing firsthand about MATLAB to being a beginner.
I thoroughly enjoyed this class. I learned about Matlab, and brushed up on my programming skills, which I have not used for several years.  I really appreciate Vanderbilt making this course free during the COVID pandemic.
I really like the programming assignments, they are very much interesting and challenging. Learned the implementation of many concepts while writing codes for the programming assignments. I thoroughly enjoyed this course.
best course can anyone have online, each minute worth gold in this course.I hope you make a complement to this course, advance MATLAB.finally, thanks to everyone involved in the creation and administration of this course.
The course was so much than I had anticipated. Mike is a fantastic teacher. I wasnt bored a bit. There are many MATLAB courses available on internet, but this one is the best. The coursework is definitely worth your time.
The course is very good for beginners who are interested to learn programming. The teacher Mike  Fitzpatrick is very good in explaining the concepts, I would love to take advanced course as well if he offers. Thanks Mike!
Being an Engineer, MATLAB is a tool which is a must. This course helped me in covering up the basics in a easy and efficient (not so easy towards the end) manner and made me capable enough to explore this tool on my own.
The course contents were amazing, especially Assignments and Final Course Projects.The Instructor taught amazingly. wish to learn more courses from him. somehow my memories are tied to the end theme music of each lesson.
This is best course to learn MATLAB. Tutor does his job great .Easy to understand the lectures, the assignments made this course tricky and more intresting, which enables to implement the knowledge learnt in the lessons.
Before starting this course, I had never used Matlab before and my programming skills were next to non-existent. I have finished this course solving exercices I never thought I could.It is well worth the time investment.
Great course, learned a lot about programming, the lectures are pretty good, you learn a lot from them and then you can put your skills to practice with the assigments, the later ones are challenging but very rewarding.
Very informative. The tone of the professor is like narration of some hollywood movie. This is my favourite course next to linear algebra by Gilbert Strang. Thank you everyone who made this useful information available.
The course was very eye-opening on how easy it is to use MATLAB. The assignments were challenging and made me think rationally. I also learnt to break down each problem into smaller sections to make it easier to solve.
It is a well-developed course and the instructor put too much effort to teach us all the basics of the MATLAB with having fun.  I definitely recommend this course to my friends for proper learning. Thank you very much!
This class was terrific! The instructor added a few bits of humor throughout, while balancing an online course that was well-paced, clear and informative. I would absolutely recommend to others looking to learn MATLAB.
What a beautiful course. The assignment problems are challenging but are at a manageable level. The teacher is also amazing at his job, involving humor from time to time to lighten the mood. Kudos to everyone involved.
Very nice introduction with a nice overview of all the functionality of MATLAB. The exercises are also helpful in understanding MATLAB better and have a learning curve which gets steeper as you advance in the lectures.
Amazing!!. I really recommend take this course and buy the book (it's very cheap with useful content). The course give to you the basic to apply MATLAB in your study field!. The instructor is clear with sense of humor.
This is the very first course I have tried at coursera and it has been a great experience. The course is really well designed to make first time learners feel comfortable with their first steps in computer programming.
I was scared of programming before starting this program. This program was not easy for me, but, as I completed it, I'm now confident that I can take up my programming skill further. Thanks to Instructors and Coursera.
Very good course.I have learnt many new things related to programming.Also the instructor is doing his job in very friendly manner.This course is starting with simple content and ending with complex programming facts.
This is one of the best courses I've ever seen. Since I really new to programming and I need to learn the basics of programming with MATLAB, this course helped me to learn and practice in the way I needed.Many thanks
A perfect set of study pack for acknowledging the MATLAB programming course. A real life project based assignment and also contain basics understandings problems. A faculty concern very good on the every topic of it.
The best course I have ever taken so far. Contents were really interesting and nicely arranged.  Though the last 3 home assignments brought in a lot of struggle but it was worth it. Thanks for the wonderful course!!!
Very well designed course! The instructors from Vanderbilt have done an excellent job. I sincerely enjoyed every bit of it. Many thanks to Prof Fitzpatrick, Prof Ledeczi, and the moderators Prof Paul, Matt and Bjorn.
It is a very necessary course for all the people who are seeking growth in the computational field. I found this course very robust and beautifully designed for beginners(faced difficulty in solving a few problems).
It's an excellent course for people with and without prior coding experience.Deals with all basics necessary to kick start an interest and insight to MATLAB.Advanced courses of the same would be greatly appreciated.
The Instructor was clear and made the topic even clear..He tried his level best such that the listener wont feel any topic as boring.It would be better if he explained more on working with images(image processing).
I was new to programming but now i can say that i am good at programming in matlab.topics are clearly explained.i recommend guys to do this course.ofcoure assiginments gets challenging when we go on to later weeks.
I have no knowledge in computer science. I started with Python and following was MATLAB. Surprisingly the instructor made it look like it is so easy to learn MATLAB and the assignments helped too .Thanks a lot !!!
Excellent course. Professor Fitzpatrick is a wonderful teacher. I had previous experience with Matlab and took this course to refresh my memory, It was a mixture of fun and challenge. I really enjoyed this course
A great (re)introduction to MATLAB! Would be helpful if the assignments could give you more helpful feedback in some of the later assignments, but google searching errors can be helpful. Just takes a lot longer.
Taught is very simple manner so that even person with non programming background can start coding with matlab. Prof. Mike was exceptional in teaching every concept. I will surely recommend to go for this course.
As a beginner this course is absolutely right choice to be picked up .  All the topics are explained in very easy manner . Really, Coursera is the great platform for students to explore many more amazing things.
Awesome for beginners . Improve your programming skills as well as analytic thinking towards problem. Solutions comparison is the best way to see how much still you can improve your code. I'll recommend it 100%.
I'm satisfied with this course. The instructor is quite clear and has a great sense of humor. Exercises are a little bit difficult, but for that reason, I feel really confident to face big programming problems.
Excellent course for MATLAB beginners. A comprehensive collection of content, with easy and fantastic explanation. With self-paced learning, this is one of the best, if not the best course on MATLAB guaranteed,
The instructor was great and easy to understand. I love both the lecture and how the instructor, Mr. Fitzpatrick, relate each end of the lesson to real life situations. It was a great and well-organized course.
I have never finished a course like this before, and I can't explain how fabulous the instructor was and the quality of the curriculum as a whole. I 'd suggest this to my colleagues and friends, too. Thank you.
being able to finish this class in less than a month was really amazing, I was not familiar with MATLAB coding but now I believe that I am capable of understanding MATLAB codes and writing some codes if needed.
excellent course , excellent teacher. Mark Fitzpatrick was very clear and capable to keep the attention af the students at high level all the time. The tests were interesting and well balanced with the lessons.
This course was the first course to learn the programming languages, and I am extremely pleased with my progress. The  instructor and his teaching methods are delightful. Easy to understand and yet challenging.
Very well structured and extremely clear videos and also helpful staff and mentors to our questions. Assignments were very diverse and challenges us to fully understand the concept and functions of the program.
I would recommend this to everyone who wants to learn Matlab irrespective of their prior knowledge about the language. It helped a coding novice like me to write code specifically suited for my data analysis.
Brilliant introductory course with very well prepared exercises. The automated testing file was of immense help. Managed to get the knowledge into place, which makes my future PhD work with matlab much easier
Had a great experience under the instructions of Mike Fitzpatrick sir.A big thanks to him and the whole family of the course organizers. Hope this course would be really handy for my academic and job fields.
This coarse helped me to jump start my career towards MATLAB programming. This coarse covers all the required basics of MATLAB and the included assignments really test your skills and understanding of MATLAB
This programming is solid and insightful. I am able to get a considerable result even there is no any relevant knowledge regarded to programming for me previously. Much more appreciated for the program team.
Thank you for providing such a wonderful platform for learning. Keep up the good work. I really appreciate the fact that you guys are not only helping us by teaching but also helping through forums created.
It is a great course to learn about programming with MATLAB. The instructor presented and explained all the concepts in a very understandable and easy way. Highly recommended course for beginners in MATLAB.
I really love this course. My major is not related to coding. so, I didn't know anything about MATLAB. But, now I can write simple codes and after little more practice, I think I can be very good in coding.
This is a fantastic course to get accustomed to MATLAB. I request Coursera to bring another course on MATLAB of intermediate level, preferably by same tutor so we can build upon everything learnt from here.
I did not use any programming language other than C  Programme . After completing this course i would like to learn other programming language . I think so Matlab is comparatively easy than other languages
Excellent course. It not only teaches you the basics of matlab but also gives tips and advice for programming universally. I highly recommend this course for everyone interested in programming with matlab!
Really helpful course.  For a person like me who didn't know much about programming, this course proved to be beneficial and the mentor make every point so clear in a very approachable way ! A big thanks !
time period in which i had completed this course is one of the best of my life, but as we know that every good thing has to end. i wish other student also get good environment like me and learn new things.
Very well structured course, it was a great learning experience, although some questions are really tough and at time tough to understand but going through the Matlab coursebook makes the work pretty easy
This is a perfect Matlab introductory course. I highly recommend taking it before taking any advanced Matlab courses. This course covers basic programming syntax, which will be very helpful in the future.
It was a valuable course .The assignment were tough so that we can think more on the solution.overall it was a complete package of knowledge.Thank you professors and the coursera team for all the support.
The best course for someone who hates programming!  For almost 5 years, I was running away of Matlab, finally made it with this course!Thank  you Professor Fitzpatrick, you made me change my bad habits :)
A very very informative course for those who need to brush up their skills or are looking to learn it from scratch. The basics are covered in detail video lectures and can be tested with the assignments.
Great course for the beginners who want start the codding with MATLAB.  It covers all basic concepts and at the end of course you definitely becomes programmer with amazing skills with applications also.
It was a great course that explained Matlab & it's features in a very simple way and helped me gaining confidence to write basic codes to process image and audio signals by visualizing them as a matrix.
The course seems simple in the started, and yet assignments were interesting. Later part of course was intensified and somehow overloaded and bit of irrelevant too. Like reading Figures, and echo etc...
Excellent course overall, and one of the best resources available for beginners. Do not expect a walk in the park however. This course expects maximum effort, which will ultimately help in the long run.
Whole content designed beautifully in keeping in mind that beginners to moderated. I happy by completing this course and I learn a lot. Thanks, Coursera team and resource person(Vanderbilt University).
This course is designed for the beginners who have no prior knowledge in the Matlab Programming.In last weeks assignments are a little bit difficult but go through the discussion forums and ask things.
The course is a great introduction to the fundamentals of Matlab. The assignments are easier through the first weeks and are getting harder as you are procceding. I definitely suggest to it to everyone
It was a wonderful course. Starting from the very basic things and then to a very good level of questions, this course really helped a lot. Very nicely set questions and effectively presented lectures.
Excellent course , the way of teaching , types of questions in assignment , discussion board all wwas awesome. Questions which were in assignment helped me to understand the basics concepts quite well.
very good course for learning programming in matlab. all the basics are explained in a very comprehensible way. the videos and exercises are versatile and excellent. thanks a lot to Mike for his time.
this course helped me to improve my programming's Skills and thinking not only in MATLAB but in generally also. Indeed it is a perfect Course for the beginners in MATLAB and IT domain. Thanks a lot!
A real challenge for a newbie.Proffesor Fitzpatrick is my hero. Teachs really well and clear. Hes a cool guy.The course is fully attended, Worths every minute. Very recommended You wont regret it
It was an awesome course. This course teach me a lot about Programming with MATLAB ,this course now make me able to write program own. I am very much glad to this course, Thank you for this course.
I am at loss in rating this course. For me, it is 1000/100. Although I had some programming knowledge, this course had been mind-broadening. Professor is very humorous and enlightening in teaching!
The material is explained well and structured clearly; the videos are engaging and full of cheeky wit; the workload is not too taxing. I watched most of the videos on 1.5* speed though. Thank you!
The explanation of the topics was great. The assignments of the last week were challenging and I loved that. I learned a lot from this course. Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge with us.
A very good course for learning the fundamentals of programming with MATLAB. Very good and sometimes quiet funny videos and a lot of programming exercises. Thanks for the course. It was a pleasure
I am very thankful to Coursera and Vanderbilt University for developing and presenting such an intensive introductory course. i was really helpful and has helped me gain a lot in learning Matlab.
I love this course; the instructor has a perfect expression and an excellent sense of humor. I didn't even get bored for nine weeks. Now I have a great understanding of topics. Thank you so much.
great course, the lecture is inspiring, encouraging participants to explore more and the assignments given are just amazing and go straight into the applications of certain function in real life
This course is very useful for me and all the assignments were really interesting and challengeable.  I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to each and every one behind this great course.i
I am in between the course however i think i am in a position to give feedback. The course lecture video is short and crisp giving so much in less time making it time efficient and very helpful.
This is an excellent introductory course on Matlab. The homework questions are very helpful if solved sincerely. Overall, it's a great course which gives students a solid foundation to build on.
The course is really helpful. It's a great choice for whom don't know about Matlab. However, the excercises of this course is quite hard personally. Many thanks to the teacher of this course !!
This course show you a lot of basic programming language with a hands-on style and it's very easy for new-beginner to start with. I've gained a lot of coding experience throughout this journey.
really it is very good course ,but assignment is to little bit hard this help you to know about Matlab ,and best part of this course is they give you Matlab licence for know more better.thanks
i have thoroughly enjoyed this course.With the way sir teaches , i doubt anyone seriously willing to learn MATLAB in a fun and enriching way will have any problems.Thank you sir.Happy coding!!
This was a great course for me, as i am a mechanical engineer and i always find programming complex but this course is designed such that anyone with no or little experience can understand it.
Mike Fitzpatrick teaches very well , right from the basics to advanced topics . The assignments are quite challenging , and the grading system is really good . I recommend taking this course .
An excellent course to get started with MatLab. The instructor is very good and has a great sense of humor making it a great learning class. Recommended for new learners (beginners) of MatLab.
One of the wonderful online courses I have come across in these pandemic days. Wonderful to learn theoretically and practically. Thank you is a small word to reward the efforts of Instructors
This course was my first programming course. It systematically taught me to write small programmes and was really happy when i finished each assignment. Thank you for an enriching experience.
an excellent course for anyone interested in learning the fundamentals of MATLAB from the very beginning. The lectures were lucid, informative and entertaining at the same time. A real treat.
The teaching was great with hands-on examples and exercises for those who bought the MATLAB programming book. The course is excellent for anyone who desires to learn programming with MATLAB.
Best course on MATLAB I've ever seen. Started from the very basic and ended with the most advanced features of MATLAB. Didn't leave any stone unturned. Thank you for such a wonderful course.
The course is just wonderful. Professor Fitzpatrick and his team did a great job together. The classes are excellent and the exercises are very interesting. I became a fan of MATLAB myself.
I have studied this course and it helped me a lot in programming. What an excellent journey with sir and challenging assignments.In short i have learnt more than my expectation.............
It was great! The concepts were explained really well and PDFs were provided for every week. The staff was really helpful and friendly. Thank you very much, I am no longer afraid of coding!
I m very satisfied after completing this course. This course provided me all the basic knowledge related to the MATLAB programming, which will help me alot for my future studies and carrer.
Thank you! i really enjoy this course. Doing MATLAB is so hard for me at first but after learning with Mr. Fitzpatrick, well, it is still hard but i have a better understanding at it now :)
Course content was informative and well planned. Able to code basic programmes using MATLAB successfully after the course. Assignments were well designed and helped test programming skills.
VERY USEFUL and the problem were mind busting. And I also want to mention about the FORUM. I had never seen any kind of active community anywhere where peoples in the thirst to help others.
I am new to computer programming but this course has taught me well. Now I'm strong at my basics.This course is well taught with long hours of classes explaining deeply about fundamentals.
This course is very useful. It helped me to get to know the Matlab environment very easily and thus gave me the first steps to start the professionalism in the programming language Matlab.
A very useful and great course. The teaching of Prof Michael Fitzpatrick is amazing. I'd like to thank him and others involved in the creation of this course and to Vanderbilt University.
Brilliantly put forth and compiled. Gives a strong foundation of MATLAB, even to a layman. Thoroughly enjoyed and benefited a lot. Thank you so much to everyone who worked on this course.
Pretty good teacher. No need of any prior knowledge in programming. The difficulty of assignments tends to increases in the last two weeks of the course. Basics are covered in the course.
The instructor made the course fun. Doing the stuff he does simultaneously with your matlab opened really helps with the concepts as you see them being applied simultaneously with theory
I  already knew a bit of Matlab coding, however, this course gave me a wider vision of what Matlab is and it has provided me useful coding knowledge that for sure will help in my degree.
Excellent course with introduction programming but also a great introduction to Matlab.  Matlab provides solutions for generic programming but try to solve it in a Matrix oriented style.
such nice course very interesting for learning programming and the assignment session make me very curious i enjoyed a lot by doing it and increased my knowledge of programming in matlab
This is the first course that I have done in Coursera and I am absolutely delighted. Clear information, and very accurate assignments system. It encourages me to keep doing more courses.
Excellent course.  Challenging and interesting assignments to test your comprehension of the material presented.  Thank you to Mike Fitzpatrick and Akos Ledeczi for creating this class.
Simply, this course was far more than my expectations!I do strongly recommend it as a solid introduction to programming in general and MATLAB in specific.Thanks VANDERBILT University :)
The professor is interesting and really good at sharing some useful points when using the matlab. This is definitely a good entry level course or anyone wants to make progress in Matlab
Excelent teacher, for a introductory course the work was intensive.  It was a wanderful experience, homeworks are hard, but you can do them if your paciently and constant. Thanls a lot!
This course really makes me wish I could attend live classes with the instructor. He is really cool and I wish every course had such an instructor. Enjoyed every moment of this course,
This course is some what more difficult than i have thought, but finally i completed it successfully. Thanks for the teachers help, i have really learnt a lot. This course is so cool!!
Well this course was amazing !, truly a beginners level course. I don't know about all others but i enjoyed the way of teaching (considering online education) and jokes were hilarious
This course was really nice and helped me to understand about matlab and how to use it. The instructor are also kind and are superb at explaining things bit by bit. overall 5/5 for me
Great way of teaching of the instructor with subtle jokes. Some assignments were really hard and made me bang my head on wall, in a good way. Thanks coursera and Vanderbilt university
The course has given the wholesome idea about MATLAB from the ground up. Highly recommend this course for those wish to learn the basics of MATLAB or any programming language as such.
Incredible course! Had lots of trouble dealing this language earlier. Thanks to the instructor Mike, it's been fun ride throughout. This is a good one lads, you can go for it. Cheers.
This course is comprehensive and covers many topics. It should not be seen as introduction only. This course is above basic course and needs more practice before starting this course.
Excellent course for the people looking to start working with Matlab also for young programmers and engineering students looking to an easy introduction to basic programming concepts.
A well paced and systematic course to get you through the basics of MATLAB programming.Lectures were very well delivered. It included related theory and hands on practical experience.
The course is very helpful and can help you even if you are learning MATLAB from scratch and the instructor is funny at times and cracks jokes which made the videos more interesting.
My first online course and it's a great experience. Enjoyed it to the fullest. Thanks to Prof. Fitzpatrick for his humorous yet wonderful lectures that made me stick to the very end.
Before starting this course i didn't know anything about MATLAB, but after the end of this course i can confidently write a program using MATLAB. A heartful Thanks to the instructor.
The tutorial resources were really helpful and the assignments were set to the correct difficulty level as to understand and implement all the concepts learned throughout the course.
Very good and wide course for matlab. I will probably never use most of this stuff in the course but it's nice to know something about them. I would recomend this course to everyone.
Outstanding course on Matlab that has helped me a lot in grasping the fundamentals of Matlab, I hope to improve my skills further in using Matlab in my own engineering applications.
Very nice course work. Thank you for your step by step lessons. Thanks a lot for the opportunity to try multiple times for the assignments, otherwise I would not have passed at all!
Really, Amazing course.Mysuggection is in last problem better than given like unknow theory cooncept if u given like array type explanation it will be more easy.course was excellent
really beautiful way to learn coding. the assignments given are really brain stimulating. i enjoyed going through this course.i recommend this course if you are a beginner to coding
Thank you sir for everything. During the course I feel like I am in a real class. I appreciate your time and I am grateful for everything I learnt. In an one sentence: It was great!
It was a great experience, going through this course I not only learned about Matlab but also developed good programming skills. The course was fun and challenging at the same time.
Great instructor. Thought-provoking assignments. Except that in the later lectures, complex concepts are not fully explained. Need to watch the video a few times to finish homework.
Detailed and extremely comprehensive !! Glad to take the course. Im feeling pretty confident not only in Matlab but also in other prgramming languages. Once again thanks Coursera !
The course is very helpful for students who want to get familiar with the Matlab application. Try to be patient with all the practices and you will find yourself improve gradually.
Excellent course, ralative difficulty, very well explained. the professor has an excellent pedagogy and a fine sense of humor. rapid support in the forum, thank you all very much!
This course has given me a great learning experience on various matlab problems and it will definately help me in gaining a life long experience for my further work life.Thank you
It was really fun to complete course ..I got addicted to this course problems and it gave me a good fundamentals .I like the way the Prof. Mike taught the course with full of fun.
The course materials are very good undoubtedly. Previously i had some basic knowledge in MATLAB. But I get more advanced knowledge from this course. This is a Zero to Hero course.
I really like this course! The course is easy to fallow and every exercise is challenging but fun. The professor has humour, too, which make the long lecture hours more enjoyable!
Great course for absolute newbies. Very well organized course material and challenging homeworks.The tutor is awesome and explains everything nicely. It was fun doing this course.
Very nice course for beginners in programming.Very good for depth understanding of basic programming language and also matlab programming and use of its tool was taught very well.
It was a good introduction course. A little slow for my liking but good thing is you can always speed up the videos. The assignments had a balance between easy and good questions.
The way the course was taught will help people of all backgrounds to start with Matlab.The assignments and quizzes also helps users to apply their learning and correct themselves.
Great course with a very charismatic lecturer. The assignments were very challenging which was essential as the majority of learning takes place when actually coding. Thanks,David
This course is very basic course. The course is explained in very nice format. Training exercise are of advance level and this course is not sufficient to deal training exercise.
This is my first programming course and it is just nice for me to understand the important concepts of computer programming such as function, loops, if else statement and so on.
A great course for a beginner who wants to start programming. Some of the questions really force the learner to think. It's fun and informative. I really had a great experience.
Very solid knowledge of MATLAB is taught. It is not only useful for using MATLAB but also for understanding how programmers do to achieve some functionalities while programming.
Nice course! The professor is so nice and humorous, and his teaching is clear and thorough. The homework requires some time to finish, but it is very useful for matlab learners!
Excellent course, with very good explanations. The teacher speaks in a clear way and has a very good didactics.  I am learning a lot about Matlab and computation in this course.
The instructor is perfect, has a sense of humor and very patient with  the basics but the course would be more perfect if its content is bigger like for example contain simulink
The tutorial is very clear and the style of the pro's teaching is special. It helped me to create a structure about MATLAB from general to detailed. I really enjoy this course .
Video Lectures were easy to understand and discussion center helped in further understanding the subject. Examples were chosen from real life, which made the course very useful.
This is a very interesting session sir but I had a some struggles in the last few assignmentsand I have some doubts sir could you please explain the last assignments in future.
great work done by professor really understood well explained....to the root of course with amazing mind set of assignments and topics. thank you so much really appreciated sir
Great course for jump start in programming. Amazing explanations and structure of the course. Must for every beginner. Thanks to developers of this course, you did a great job!
That's a very tough course as a beginners. But I learned a lot from Matlab. Thank you sir for mentoring me. Thank you Vanderbilt University for Make this program for beginners.
Best presentation, nice humor, multiple examples and so much interesting.. I highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn MATLAB or even refresh itThanks Coursera
This course is the best MATLAB program that I have ever taken. Sticking with this course till the end was not quite easy, but my time spent on the course is highly justifiable.
A very good course for who wants to learn the matlab programming language from the basics. The homework problems are very challenging and the video material are well organized.
This course is awesome! Not only because of the content itself, but also because of the professor, Mike Fitzpatrick. I am far more confident about programming with Matlab now!
Very good course to get to know a wide variety of MATLAB commands, still I would say that it scratches the surface of MATLAB, to dive deep you need to read the suggested book.
This course was a very useful and interesting one. All the lectures and assignments were very good. I totally enjoyed the course and hoping to work more with matlab in future!
Very Well Explained with all the little details including adjustment of datetime etc.. This Course covers maximum of what basics required to programming & much more. Thankyou.
Excellent course for beginners in MATLAB. especially assignments were good and challenging. Quick reply to queries. and Mike is a very good instructor. Thank you very much !!!
My first completed course in coursera. The forum is especially useful throughout my learning in this course.Thumbs up to all the professors and staffs that made this happened.
It is amazing knowing that you can easily get an access this class who taught by amazing professors. I am so thankful that you gave me this opportunity to be part of coursera.
As a beginner, I learnt a lot from this course. Professor Fitzpatrick has a very good sense of humor. I enjoyed a lot from learning this course and finishing all the problems.
Dont think just enroll.excellent course with excelent instructer. warning final exams solutions are on the internet dont directly look at them. instead solve them by yourself
An exceptional course for Introducing the basic concepts  of MATLAB programming! Professor Mike is just great! His narration and explanation made the course a fun experience!
This introductory course  very important for an engineering or  Science student  ..So  I  finally  recommended  if possible  to  add  numerical  method  solving using  Matlab
Outstanding!!! Before doing this course, I already have been using Matlab... After concluding it, many gaps were filled! I do recommend this course! The teacher is excellent!
such a awesome course fully loaded with assignments for better practices and makes your coding skills  better and better.I wil recomeend u to do this awesome designed course
This is the best course I have ever taken in my life. Everything is well explained and the assignments are very well designed as well. Wish I could have given it a 10 marks.
The medium of instruction and the way sir taught was quite remarkable. this was my first online course and the way of teaching kept me motivated to continue. Thanks Sir!!!!!
This course is best.But is not biginner level, It's hard to  solve assignments, specially week 7,8,9.Please provide some kind of flow chart which helps to solve assignments.
This is a very nice course and the homework question is extraordinary helpful , it really help me to understand the main idea of each topic and improve my programming skill.
This is a great course to learn the fundamentals of Matlab and programming. This course helps to understand the concepts and apply them in the exercises and work on Matlab.
This course has given me a head start for my Master's degree coursework preparation. Now, I can work with matrices and apply MATLAB for advanced concepts and live projects.
It is really a good course for learning MATLAB, it covers almost every topic. Though its an introductory course it is quite challenging for a intermediate level programmer.
This course does help me to improve my programming skills and train my programming thinking. The lecturer is very nice and all the assignments are classic and interesting.
Very helpful  course for MATLAB beginners .It gives lots of basic concepts of MATLAB.The level of Course enhances as it reach to end .THANKS COURSERA !!! for this course..
One of the best courses in Coursera that I've ever taken. The instructor teaches in a calm and not confusing manner, and the video gives easy-to-follow examples and tasks.
It is an excellent course. Mike Fitzpatrick started from the basics and has covered a lot of things. I hope to build on the foundation that I have received in this course.
this is a great MATLAB course. I already self-taught myself MATLAB before taking this course, but his course still gives me new knowledge and strengthens my understanding.
The course provide details on programming with MATLAB. Students can actually write codes after learning. However, the course does not cover Graphical User Interface (GUI).
The course is designed in such a manner that if we are using MATLAB for the first time we can learn each and every thing as well. But the assignment for little more tough
Awesome experience with the best tutor. I am glad that I attend this course and got this opportunity to study from the great teachers of Vanderbilt university from India.
This is very thorough course for those who want to learn programming in  Matlab. Its perfect for beginners who have not any previous knowledge of any programming language
The lecturer is extremely engaging which is very amazing for an online lecture. He ensures that the lessons are fun even when the contents start to get dry and technical.
Great Course!I learned Matlab almost from scratch and now I'm fluent on it.The homework is no joke, but looking back on it, it is probably why the course is so effective.
Excellent! Challenging HW Assignments. Lecture notes & Presentations cover the fundamentals of matlab in details. Good course to get started with programing using Matlab.
This is a very good course for learning Matlab from scratch, It teaches Matlab from very basis and for new learner it is a best course to start learning coding in MATLAB
Even though the exercises are really difficult in the las weeks, I enjoyed the whole course pretty much. Thanks for the course and the really good programming experience
The teacher is very good at telling jokes, and I am very happy to learn MATLAB with him. Thank you for teaching me so much practical and efficient programming knowlegde.
Exceptional course! The forum is fantastic with extremely helpful teaching staff. Would highly recommend. This course is definitely worth doing, I may even do it again!!
The instructor, book he referred, and the problem questions in the assignment were both fantastic and challenging. Special thanks to the instructor for guiding too well.
Well this is the first time I learned any programming tool. I find overall course well defined. It helped me a lot. Thanks Vanderbilt, Coursera, Instructors and mentors.
I have learned a lot, unforunately the level of difficulty was extraordinary hard. I spent endless hours reading, studying, and reasearching on solving certain problems.
One of the best online courses which helped me to enhance my programming skills and as a mechanical engineer it will allow me to design and simulate different problems.
Honestly, this course is one of the most useful online courses I have ever taken. It is interesting, challenging and the instructor is more than professional. I love it
Wonderful course. I am a mechanical engineer myself but I was interested to learn and it served the purpose.help me a lot to learn about programming and MATLAB as well.
The course seemed menacing at the start, but as time progressed it started to keep me interested and active  throughout the course and I learned a lot from this course.
This course at the start is very easy but at 6,7 and 9th week gets harder and harder. I would suggest to more ease it up by  adding more assignments or videos for help
This was a very good course, especially for beginners like me. It made me more familiar and more importantly comfortable with various data types and coding as a whole.
Excellent overview on MATLAB for beginners! Thanks a lot for designing a course like this and conveying it in an entirely enthusiastic approach throughout the journey!
The course is basic and introductory and will definitely enhance your MATLAB programming skills,but ofcourse there is more to MATLAB than this particular course offer.
This course is very good, rich.It has definitely provided me with the necessary skills and 
confidence to use it in tackling the practical problems in the real 
world.
I have found this course wonderrful. The most amazing part of this course is home work problems. Through these problems set I got idea about my weak and strong points.
Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick teaching is awesome. This Course helped me to learn basics of programming. I thank prof. Mike Fitzpatrick for offering such a wonderful course.
I found it outstanding to learn MATLAB in such a well organized way. Thanks a lot to the Professor and his team for making all these so easy to adopted. Best of luck!
Brilliantly explained. The exercise questions are complex and makes you think about a problem inside out. If you have no prior experience this course is just for you.
Best course I've ever done online. The mentors always answer the questions we have and all the exercises make us practice all the concepts learned in class. Loved it!
Very good course! The professor have a fine sense of humour, and the knowledge is easy to be absorbed. With the homeworks, my skill on programming is indeed enhanced.
Great course. Great videos that are even fun to watch. Perfect course for anyone who wants to either learn Matlab from scratch or wants to refresh his College basics.
This was help to improve my basic Matlab knowledge and using that knowledge I could solve lots of problems. Also this was help to become easy of my degree programme.
I learned a lot in this course.It helps me to write program in easy manner by using builtin functions. Thanks a lot to Coursera team for providing this course to us.
This course covers a lot of basic skills and is very useful!  The best part is the exercise! Lastly, the teacher is very humorous and I love his muttering and jokes.
I finished this course with ma friends . it was really nice course. quizes and hws are perfect fit to us.I can use matlab for my study now. very thanks to professors
Really good course! Had to learn to use MATLAB for an econometrics PhD course, and this course was veryu helpful on getting me started. The e-book is also very good.
One of the best course to start with in the world!! without any prior knowledge of programming, as the name implies - "Introduction to Programming" - through MATLAB
If you are a fresher in MATLAB Scripting, then at the end of this course you will find confidence in Scripting if you finish with each of the exercise they provide.
Very good. This course presents the basics concepts of programming form simple. I think that some assignments should be more detailed. But, the course is very well.
amazing learning with this 9 week program.i really excited to enhance my career whatever i learnt from this courses.and thanks to Vanderbilt University and coursera
The course has been presented beautifully and in such an easy manner. It takes no time to understand and implement the intricacies of programming. Great stuff guys.
The course was amazing. It gives key insight to a beginner in MATLAB. I would definitely recommend it for people who have just started or planing to work on MATLAB.
Excellent course for beginners! All the commands are explained in-depth and the test problems at the end of each chapter are innovative and requires deep thinking.
A beautifully crafted course led by an amazing instructor - this course touches most basics of MATLAB and provides a strong foundation to beginners in programming.
I took this course for civil engineering applications. Thank you for everything. I learnt too many things from you. I hope in the future I will develop them more.
thanks Prof. Mike and Akos. Thanks Prof. Mike for your encouragement to do something new.  The course is awesome and I'm now confident of programming in MATLAB.
For someone that has no background and starts from zero (like me), I can propose it as a very interesting and delightful course. A big thank you at Coursera team.
Very Informative course. Perfect if you want to start Matlab programming from scratch. The course was very well balanced and a very enjoyable learning experience.
This course is easy for understand. It gave an insight to what all mistakes we can come across while programming. Also, the assignment problems were really good!!
This is my first try in coursera.org , and i found this course is very good and helpful, I learned a lot of skills. Thank you coursera, and thank you Vanderbilt..
Really informative course. Got to learn a wide range of functions that can be implemented via Matlab. The assignment questions in the end were really challenging.
Incredible course. I knew little about the use of MATLAB before this course, and now I feel very confortable in it's use and the bases for good use of this tool.
This is a very helpful course. but the HW is a little bit hard than my expect. Anyway, you can post you question in the forum, TA and other classmates would help
I enjoyed the course although it was quite challenging at times but the instructor really knows how to teach. recommended if you want to get started with matlab
Apart from a lot of other good things in this course, I don't know if I have seen such an excellent presentation from the instructor in any other online course.
I've been working hard through this course on the last weeks. I can say that this couse was incredible and I could learn many useful matlab functions and tools.
This course completely changed my perception. MATLAB was tough earlier. But this course helped me to learn easily.Thanks for cousera and thanks to  Instructors.
I cannot expressed how much I enjoyed this course in words. The instructor was awesome and the course material was great. I hope the second part comes out soon!
Great course to begin coding with MATLAB. The teaching style of the professor is extremely great.One of the human having the great humour. Absolutely Loved it!
The way in which this entire course is designed is just perfect. Every week it elevates you to the new levels of understanding about MATLAB & its applications.
I Learn the coursera course of  Introduction to Programming with MATLAB  i want free certificate because  i can't pay the money so plz give me certificate free
The course has been structured really well. Helped me build my foundations of MATLAB. But, there is still a long way to go if you want to master this language.
A clear and effective introduction to computer programming, with a bit of challenge.The quick-witted Professor made it even funny thanks to his sense of humor.
Taking this course from talented instructors and learning a new programming language was a great opportunity for me. I had fun while I was learning. Thank you.
it was an delightful experience ,would like to see further upgrade to matlab where using simulink,control system and all sort of other library things are done.
Excellent resource to get started with MATLAB. Detailed explanation in book chapters and great presentation makes it really effective to learn the programming.
This course is recommended to all who want to be good in programming. The mentoring is really good for understanding and implementing on real problems as well.
It was very engaging and informative. they have also worked hard to keep the course relevant with newer upgrades that come after the recording of this course.
it is a very nice course for those who are new to coding and also for those who what to learn MATLAB as a skill, which can help you in your respective fields.
Great instructor. Extremely well paced course with very tricky assessments to test your learning. Also, I really appreciated the instructor's sense of humour.
It will very helpful for the MATLAB beginners and to enhance the skills. The course content is crystal clear. The way of teaching is very unique. Thanks a lot
This is really good course to learn basic programming in MATLAB. Some of the assignments are really challenging, if you are a beginner in programming like me.
Great classes and teacher, with practical videos about matlab. The problems proposed by the course helps you to really understand what is computer programming
One of the best way to learn MATLAB very quickly from these Professors. The Lecturer had did a great job in explaining how to use MATLAB is very simple terms.
it's a great course that helps me to learn the Matlab in such a short time period . and the instructor always tries to teach in a way that we would be bored.
A very great course for a beginner or intermediate person. I learned a lot of great ways to approach the problem. Very great course for all sincere learners.
Wonderful course! Just wish that there wouldn't be any 40+ min videos, and sometimes Fitzpatrick was talking a little sluggish. Still, he is a great teacher.
Nice course. The course helped me a lot in understanding matlab concepts and in my practical field of study.Thanks Coursera for providing a wonderful course.
I found this course very useful. Even though the problems get complex at the end after completing this course I feel confident in understanding MatLab codes.
These were the best classes I had in any programming language in my entire life. Thank you so much Dr.Fitzpatrick, Dr. Ldeczi and Vanderbilt University! ! !
I was a good experience learning MATLAB programming. This is very good course. And I personally enjoyed learning it...as MATLAB is one of my favourite field.
First time i realize that i can be work using MATLAB nice it was great experience for me and the instructor are very helpfull and always behind me thank you
Great course for those who are looking to get started with Matlab. The instructor's sense of humor definitely helps keep you awake and focused on the topic.
Superb course, feel much more confident in my ability to tackle MATLAB problems in a broader sense than completing the MATLAB tutorial provided by MATHWORKS
Very helpful for understanding the basic concepts in MATLAB Programming and other functions associated in MATLAB. Highly recommended course to all students.
An excellent course to develop the basic fundamentals in MATLAB. I like this course and the efforts taken by the Vanderbilt University to teach this course.
It is a challenging course, but you will receive the amazing help from great instructors and mentors. Recommended for anyone who wants to study programming.
A very well-framed course which covers the concepts of coding from elementary level to higher levels using MATLAB. I highly recommend this course to others
Amazing course! Very didactic and easy to understand. The professor is great and explains the topics including jokes, thus making the lesson runs smoothly.
This course is really interesting and the instructor never let this course get boring. I look forward to learn some more courses from instructors like him.
This course is an excellent introduction to programming using MATLAB. I found the problems to be challenging and stimulating. I enjoyed the course greatly.
Great course, they definitely put a lot of time and effort into it. Can get frustrating when you're stuck on something, but feels good to finish it all up.
Hands down the best course, online or otherwise,  there is to learn MATLAB and perhaps coding.  Thank you Coursera for such an amazing learning experience.
Course was very educational and helpful. The difficulties of assignments were also good. Except 5th question of 8th assignment, that question was terrible.
This course helped me to learn all the basics and the advanced topics of Matlab. Will recommed it to anyone who wishes to learn all the concepts of Matlab.
For starters, probably the best course out there. Credits to Coursera ,Vanderbilt university and the professor for this interesting and interactive course.
A meaningfull course which besides teaching Matlab's syntax introduces you to the world of coumputer programming and enhances your problem solving skills.
Fantastic tutorials with smart and brilliant assignments. I really enjoyed the time during the course and looking forward to having more like this course.
Useful course. The teacher is clear explaining concepts and the correct person to introduce you in the world of MATLAB, beside he has good sense of humor!
Learned a ton. Had a bit of a hard time with the final test programs.  but that was due to my limited time commitment.  Fortunately work got way too busy.
Excellent teacher . Best suitable for a beginner student like me. Does not bore students by giving boring lectures. Great Experience learning. Thank You.
Thanks to all stakeholders for providing online learning opportunities.I also gained a lot of knowledge from teaching this subject.Thanks to the teacher.
This course is simple, objective and with easy to understand language. It gave me a great progression in programming skills, like no other course before.
It is wonderful course. Most of the assignments were easy, but few were really hard. Discussion on forums helped me a lot for completing the assignments.
Wonderful Course,I had not found such an engaging online course like this.Professor Mike Fitzpatrick is amazing. Thank you Professor.Thank you Coursera.
A simple course! You don't need any programming background to understand it. The focus on hands-on learning really helps understand the language better.
best explanation.and test is most important past of this course.and I am very happy that I have developed a new skill.and thank you so much!, sir ji....
A very detailed course! Explanations are very good and easily understandable.The amount of practice I got has really helped me understand MATLAB better.
My favourite course on this platform. Truly engaging teaching, challenging exercises and excellent support. I very highly recommend! Thank you Coursera.
One of the best courses I have taken from Coursera. Prof Fitzpatrick is excellent at keeping you engaged and wanting to learn more. Highly recommended.
Very informative course ... Explains pretty much everything a starter programmer should know. Very pleased with the dificulty of classes and homeworks!
Highly pleased, going through the entire course. Completed in one go. Was extraordinarily interesting. Feel like, I can do anything with MatLab window.
One of the best online courses I have ever taken. Thanks to the Instructors, Mentors and everyone involved in the preparation of this excellent course.
i think its a best platform where you can learn something new .teacher is very good and there are very good assignments system.i love it.   thank you.
I've attended a MATLAB course in the university on my curriculum, but now I am understanding what  MATLAB is and what amazing things I can do with it.
Excellent Course! Great illustrations and beautiful homework assignments. Many thanks to the teachers and everyone who has contributed to this effort.
Instructors were good enough t explain the lessons and they are clear to understand. The exercises and notes give a better understanding. Great work.
The course is really well structured which makes it easy to cover the syllabus intime.The assignments are really useful to learn the topics in depth.
Very Comprehensive course on Matlab..you become a pro after going through this course. It helps if u already have knowledge of the programming logics
This course covered all the basics that I needed to start working on Matlab, especially the homework assignments helped to build and clear concepts.
Love this course. Such a lovely teacher he is. I've enjoyed the full course and also liked the way of teaching of him. Will definitely miss you Sir.
It is very useful, we can learn many things regarding Matlab. The main appreciating thing is they are providing free online Matlab services for free
Great course although few programming assignments in the end could have some more examples so as to clearly explain what the program is intended for
This course is very useful for beginners to learn MATLAB. After completion of the course one can able to write program to solve problems on his own.
This is a very useful course. It's easy to understand and very interesting. It will be of great help to my future work. Thank you for your teaching!
Nice review of Matlab. Happy to know several new datatypes supported now, comparing to 20yrs ago. The extensive app library is also very impressive.
It was an amazing experience to be very honest.I wanna thank Sir Mike Fitzpatrick.And thanks to coursera family for providing us such opportunities.
It is a great course to start learning how to think computationally and wire a computer programs.I wish they make another course for advanced level.
Excellent get hands on programming with MATLAB. It really provide real world insights when it comes to computations used in engineering and science.
Excellent course, it makes programming look easy. The lessons are very clear and the tutors are always ready to help with any question one may have.
Really good course. Well structured and well explained. Interesting work examples. Fun to work with the lectures and rewarding learning experience.
Awesome course, different exercises, very nice to either renew the knowledge or learn from scratch. Congrats to all who made it possible to happen!
Great course with great practice problems to help students understand concepts. This was useful for a refresher on MATLAB after several years away.
I really loved the way in which this course is prepared, the content of the course, and also the system of receive and delivering the  assignments.
Great course for introduction to programming, and it covers all the basics of MATLAB. Professor Mike Fitzpatrick is an amazing (and funny) teacher.
The best course ever! I got back to MATLAB after 6 years and this course is an amazing comeback. Can't wait to leap on other two courses you have.
This was a very good and detailed course with adequate hands-on work for learning Matlab. I loved every bit of it. Thank you for the fine content.
it was a very challenging and intriguing course. pace and level gradually increases making you dive deeper to fetch out codes and run the program.
Great explanations and very simplified way of introducing Matlab programming! Discussion forums are brilliant and help a lot with the assignments!
Very useful course. The hands on assignment makes us to recall the course content and use all possible logics effectively. Feeling very satisfied.
Really this course helped me a lot..the way professor taught the programming was very nice.I am glad to have this opportunity.Thank you very much.
The course is extremely good to learn from a beginner level and to reach an advanced level.Pace is good and most important professor is most cool.
It is a great Course. I'm glad that this course is made free for like us people.Thanks to Vanderbilt University and all the professors and others.
Best course for MATLAB! The funny and knowledgable professor made my insistence all courses.  Thank you for all professors and staffs in Coursera.
Loved it! Nice pace with enough practical examples and homeworks. At the end of the course you are actually able to understand and write the code.
Fantastic course, thorough and with lots of practice problems to master the material. The instructor is brilliant and has a great sense of humour!
Very useful course for beginners in MATLAB. I loved the course structure and this course brought in me the enthusiasm to explore MATLAB on my own.
Very well planned course. I was doing programming after 25 years, still I was able to do as the material is taught in a very logical way. Thanks.
This course helped me in understanding different coding concepts through this course and I enjoyed this course till the end. Thank You, Coursera.
Must opt  this course if you want to learn from scratch.Excellent  teachers, examples and assignments.No prior knowledge require for this course.
Learned a lot!!! This is THE course if you didn't have any experience with MATLAB and would like to get started. Very professional and organized.
The course was very good.just one complaint that the asiignments were too difficult for a first time programmer.they should have been a bit easy
Its actually great flat form to improve programming skills  actually instructors also very friendly and very clear teaching. Thank you very much
It was a great experience. I am already feeling like a professional programmer. This course is too detailed to be called introduction to matlab.
The course gives a simple approach to learning MATLAB and covers all fundamentals.I recommend this course to all those aspiring to learn MATLAB.
Great course, everything is very well explained and the homeworks really help to practice and better understand what is explained in the videos.
Excellent course with enough homework to really make you know the subject. The instructor was easy to understand and very helpful on the forums.
Really enjoying it so far! As a biologist with no official training in Matlab finding the explanations fantastic! Great well explained examples.
Amazing instructors, very appreciate their input and explanations by typing it on the system.  Very well thought and excellent material content.
Really awesome course created by Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee. A big thank you to Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick and Prof. Akos Ledeczi.
It is such an amazing course to start your journey with Matlab. I will recommend this over any other Matlab introductory courses. Best of luck.
i am initially has very less knowledge in programming , with completion of this course ,i am fond of programming and has found interest in it.
Very much useful for beginners, and the graded assignment has good framing of questions to understand the real-world programming applications.
Very helpful course to learn programming with matlab. And obviously the course teacher was very friendly and taught matlab in a very good way.
Was a very helpful, and interesting course. Really wanted to learn MATLAB for a long time now, but finally I have developed the skills needed.
Great course! Perfect for newbie but useful also for those who are more expert. Mentors quickly answer questions, lecture are clear... 5starts
The lectures are truely amazing , the instructor explains even the most complex concepts in the most intresting way , Totally worth your time
Really it helps a lot. i think choosing coursera is the best online platform coming to matlab course it is very nice teaching vedio & exams .
Loved the professor and learned a lot from this course. I am sure I will keep coding in Matlab and looking for more challenges in the future.
Was good to refresh my understandings of MATLAB.. Although I feel a beginner migh feel a bit flummoxed at later weeks... its easily managable
Great course.  The instructor is fantastic. Programming assignments are well designed, interesting and quite challenging. I've learned a lot.
It is a great course for students who have no backgrounds in Matlab and it also can help you to build a fundamental knowledge in programming.
Great course. Highly skilled lecturer. Very understandable and easy paced for every student.Lots of exercises to practice cording by matlab.
With this course I learned how to program with MATLAB, I recommend to those who want to have an excellent knowledge of this platform. Cheers
It was a good starter course for getting indulged into Matlab. All efforts from the teaching staff and the coursera are greatly appreciated.
I went through the videos on Youtube due to my limited time. I had to skipp all quizzes and homeworks.But the content was great and helpful!
One of the best course in Matlab for beginners. Includes easy to difficult problems, strategic thinking, and basic maths use in programming.
This course has indeed given me a great insights into programming with MATLAB!  I thank the instructors and the university for this course!
It Was really amazing taking up this course , as i have taken my final year project in MATLAB itself so was really great to do this course.
Wonderful course. Before taking this course i had no confidence when it comes to coding. Now it seems I have regained some confidence back.
the instructor are really helpful, replies to question are really quick and the lectures are really clear... over all a good course indeed.
i liked the way sir taught. He's very cool. His explanation are very easy to understand. :) Thank you. Will miss attending your classes :(
I am from a mechanical engineering background, so, this course helps me gain the basics of MatLab coding and beneficial for research work.
thanks for this wonderful course, I learned a lot from it and the best thing was the method adopted in videos of this course.thanks again.
Was very beneficial and most of the concepts are explained well with examples. Study material provided is also useful. Thank you Coursera.
This course is excellent! I have been programming for some time but it was necessary for me to assimilate my knowledge to MATLAB commands.
Excellent course, from beginners to developing a computer thinking based on the peculiarities and specialities characteristics of Matlab.
this course give a comprehensive outlook of most of the intricate methods of MatLab. It helps the student to see a bottom-up the picture.
Lecture videos were helpful. Only thing that I found hard was the assignments in later weeks . A beginner to programming would feel hard.
I enjoyed learning with the amazing instructor and this was so simplified and extremely helpful. Thank you Coursera for this opportunity.
Thank you sir for providing such knowledgeable Course.This course will definitely helpful for those who are the beginners.Thank u so much
it was very much useful for me personally and the trainer was also good in his job . thank you for this experience ,it was really helpful
Excellent course with an entertaining instructor. The assignments were well-designed, they get more challenging in Week 9, which was fun.
Best course for new learner as well as who are doing project on matlab. I recomand all to take this course for your fundamental knowledge
Challenging course yet fun problems to work on. Would have appreciated a bit more detail on the final problem sets about where to begin.
As hard as it was, I enjoyed the course a lot. Thanks to prof. Fitzpatrick for the great presentation (including the mediocre jokes :D).
Undoubtedly, this is one of the best computer programming with Matlab course available. Congratulation to all the team behind this art .
Good and very well designed course and assignments.It is a very good course for someone who is new to mathematical oriented programming.
I have become familiar in Matlab syntax while obtaining hands-on problem-solving experience. This course is superb! I like Vanderbilt U!
Very difficult but rewarding. Review your linear algebra and differential equations this knowledge comes at the the end  of the course.
Amazing course to learn a new coding skill. You can also pursue this course even if you dont know anything about programming in general
Such a wonderful course with great explanations. I must recommend for those who want to seek to learn about MATLAB. Thanks to COURSERA.
Very well described and organized and , only it would be better for me if those 40+ min tutorials could have been divided in 2/3 parts.
Very good course with challenging problems for someone who is trying to learn programming.  Staff in forums is very active and helpful.
Great online courseGreat lecturerI can recommend that course to everyone who wants to get to know the basics in Programming with Matlab
Pretty nice and helpful course for people with no experience in MATLAB, maybe also for people with no experience in programming at all.
This course is really excellent, I enjoy it quite a lot. The only problem is the last homework is too diffcult for beginners I think :D
A very useful and wonderful course for beginners and I am very thankful to Mr. Mike and his team as well as the Vanderbilt University.
Very informative and Helpful for a beginner like me and explanation is is in-depth and assignments are very user friendly and fun o do
Assignment problems helped me in developing my problem solving  ability to a next level ! Thank You Mr.Mike Fitzpatrick and his team !
Very good course. Well taught & well spaced out. Specially, liked the professor way of delivering the content in a slow steady manner.
Very elaborate and nice to learn step by step MATLAB Programming. May be the best course to learn MATLAB among all learning platforms.
Excellent course, So interesting while solving the assignment problems. I look forward to use Matlab in real world problems. Thank you
Idealy leveled assigments.  Easy to understand terms and examples.  Covered everything you need for assigments. Not a boring speaker!!
One of the best online courses I've come across. Vanderbilt bought a course that met expectations. And the instructor is cool btw ;)..
What a great course. Right now I am in first week of course, and I liked it so much so far. I will keep you updated for further weeks.
step by step introduction to MATLAB, the professor conveys excellently, thank you for your time and the effort to provide this course.
Great Course to learn programming with MATLAB. Your guys did an amayzing job in finding good homework and explaining the theorie well!
Excellent course. Used as intro to matlab. Had good comparisons to other languages and showed unique advantages. Very good exercises.
Really ,a wonderful course best tutors and mentors. Learned a lot about  MATLAB and  this course covers most of the topics of MATLAB.
I was new to MATLAB, however this course helped to build the basic understanding and cleared many concepts.  I recommend this course.
I learned that programming is fun and can use in many fields such as computation for engineering Math and biological graphs. Love it!
Excellent course on MATLAB with very detailed examples and explanations. I really enjoyed the problem solving too. Thank you so much.
Great Lesson! And I do learn a lot here. Not only how to use the MATLAB program, but also how to be a great programmer in the future!
This course is made for those who want to start from scratch. Course instructor is knowledgeable and teaching quality is very smooth.
I understood Matlab much more deeper and better basics. i am very glad that i joined the course. Thanks you for giving such a chance
This is an incredible course. I started from the beginning having no any prior knowledge of programming and now i am love with this.
Nice coursework gives a lot more information considering i am from chemistry background.Hope I revise it again to learn more .Thanks
This course is the first programming course I've ever learned. It really makes a good foundation for my following programming study!
Course was quit good but during last weeks the homework was quit hard.But overall the course was good and beneficial.Thanks a lot!!!
very good course contents.Especially instructor explain things, clearly.Their should be another course of Matlab by same instructor.
the course is very much helpful for non CS background candidates. could learn the basic programming and now i am confident to do it
I found it very useful for me. If you wish to learn MATLAB then go for it. I feel it's the best course for MATLAB available online.
A very detailed explanation by the instructor has helped me solve practical assignment problems.Thank You for offering this course.
This course on matlab covered all the topics which are needed to develop interest .Also,the course was taught in a very unique way.
Best course to learn matlab for beginners,The teaching is too good,assignments,quizzes helps to better understanding of the topics.
Its one of the best interactive online courses that I have taken.And prof. Fitzpatric is awesome, by awesome I mean really AWESOME.
This course surely going to add required skill sets and going to encourage programming and multitasking skills in solving problems.
I loved this course, the presentation was fantastic and the assignments really challenged my programming skills. Really enjoyed it.
This course is just Awesome!Loved it!!!Thank you Mike Fitzpatrick, Akos Ledeczi & Robert Tairas!And ya Thanks to Course Era too!!!
This course has helped me in gaining knowledge of Matlab programming which will help me in my university courses and in my future.
i have learnt about the MATLAB programming much better wayinitially i know only MATLAB simulinkthank you to professor and coursera
I really appreciate the way entire course was organized and the content were delivered. The teaching pedagogy was truly above par.
It is one of the most efficient courses that teach matlab in a simple way and improves your way of thinking with challenging tasks
It was good I wish the team does advanced topics like memory optimization, vectorization and speeding of the code till bit indepth
The course was quite conceptual and worth taking. I totally loved it. Mike Sir, is among the best instructors I ever came across.
Best place to learn MATLAB.All thanks to Coursera,Vanderbilt University and faculty or making the course so much easier to learn.
One of the best for programming. And if you are good in other language and want to learn matlab, then too its a wonderful course.
The best MOOC on MATLAB. The teaching is the best as well as the assignment problems are also good, at the same time challenging.
Amazing teaching skills and amazing assessment!Felt that my programming skills went through the roof already.Thank you very much!
Some assignments are much too difficult. It takes me more than 6 hours to finish the assignments each week. The rest are perfect!
Very helpful course, interesting and challenging problem sets, helped me get up to speed with MATLAB as a programming environment
This course was the best course of MatLab until now and enjoyed it. It helped me in my projects and developing a fruitful skill.
The course was really an interesting one. The problems in week 7, 8 and 9 were really too much mind-blowing. I loved the course.
really it was great experience , and i really appreciate my tutor who gives his 100% and the way he was teaching is unforgetable
Videos were good to learn and improve my programming skills with MATLAB. Thank you, sir, for briefly describe the course videos.
Lessons are very good but the Assignments for the later weeks are way too hard for people with no math or programming experience
Elegant informative and well designed, best regards for professor fitzpatrick and the supporting  staff especially Mr  Armstrong
The Instructor is one of a gem, If anyone wants to start from scratch MATLAB then I strongly reccomend u to go with this course
The course is absolutely suitable for beginners. It is directed in a very easy, learner-friendly and interesting way. Loved it.
The way of the presentation and demonstration of the course instructor is very nice. it makes me feels like friendly in manner.
An exceptional course tailored for people from all backgrounds, excellent instructor. All in all this course is just brilliant.
Extremely well designed and thought-out course. The assignments really make you practice what you have learned in the lectures.
Awesome!!! I suggest creating an advanced MATLAB, such as Arduino-Matlab and Project based advanced continuation course.Thanks.
This course was very helpful for me as a beginner. I loved the teaching style of the course teacher. I just loved this course.
excellent courseThe assignments in the last few weeks are quite challenging,but I felt extremely exciting once I work it out!
The program questions for last chapter were really difficult.The last Echo generator program should be explained more clearly.
Very useful introduction to matlab.Aimed to science professionals who wants to add a new instrument to approach their problems
This course is really helpful, who wants to get basic idea about the matlab. And moreover for beginners this is perfect course
It was a wonderful course and teaches you basics that you need in order to perform calculations and basic functions in MATLAB.
The course is just amazing. Makes us think for solutions. Assignment difficulty level is more which demands well preparedness.
it was my first hand at programming,all was good except i found the assignment problems little bit tough,else it was all fun..
The class is well managed, including the content of each lesson, the homework and also the forum. Thanks for the great effort.
Great course !!Very nice lecturer and support staff !This course is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for any MATLAB enthusiast.Thanks,Pratik
This course has been excellent!! Kudos to the creators of this course! Thanks for teaching me MATLAB in such a wonderful way.
Putting the word "Introduction" makes this course underrated.  This is a zero to hero course!  Many thanks for Mr.Fitzpatrick
thank you soo much sir for explaining the concepts in an easy and fun manner, thank you . this course really helped me a lot.
I liked it this course very much . Professor's way of teaching is very nice. I would love to attain his class in future also.
It is a great course. The lessons are extremely clear and the programming tasks allowed me to test the skills that I learned.
Here, in this course I have learned different type of syntaxes of MATLAB and algorithms. I am thankful to coursera for this.
Learning experience was really amazing and now i feel confident to explore MATLAB applications .Thanks for for your support.
The course is excellant for the fresher. And explaination of every topic is nice. It help in different place of engineering.
its very intresting with matlab , i have enjoyed the course and learned lot of things that may help me now thank you courser
I will never regret taking this course. The instructor's wonderful informal style just made coding in MATLAB a lot more fun!
I have learned alot from this course. Thank you so much specially the instructor has an excellent way of teaching. Good job.
A very good introduction course that builds upon your learning with good interactive resources, videos, quizzes and problems
It is very useful course to let you start improve yourself in Matlab, and it will encourage you to improve your skills in it
Very well thought out and methodical approach. Assignments are in accordance with the lectures and challenges in a good way.
Thank you so much for this course, that gives me the initiative basic of Matlab, so thank you for this 

High-level course.
Great instructors and approachable mentors thru Mathworks/Matlab. Made learning to program both challenging and attainable.
Great introduction to mathlab, really helpful and assignments were doable! loved it. Also loved the resemblance with python
Wonderful instructors. The tutorials and challenging questions were a good intro to MATLAB. Definitely a course worth doing
The instructor is highly talented and material is easy to grasp.I recommend this course to all beginners and intermediates.
I am a Graduate Student in Chemical Engineering at Texas Tech University. This is a very important and very helpful course.
The course content is excellent. The instructor explains each and every step involved and also gives handy tips and tricks.
The lecturer clearly explain the theory. The problem in this course not too hard but it's train you to thinking logically.
I learned a lot from this course! The lectures were good, and I liked the interface for submitting the Matlab assignments.
Addition of some lectures on plotting and application based practical problems will be even more helpful for the students.
It was a wonderful learning, I thank my instructor Prof. Mike for teaching in a very simple way how to program with MATLAB
This is a really good initiative. I learnt a lot, that too sitting at home during the lock down times. Thank you so much!!
A really informative course with loads of assignments to really test our understanding of both the software and our logic.
The course is great to a certain degree, but the homework is somewhat difficult, which is not so easy for the new learner~
Excellent course for people new to Matlab and for anyone who wants to develop their programming skills.Highly recommended.
Thank you for the amazing course, The only thing is I had to run all videos on 2X, it was going a bit too slow for me lol.
Wonderful course.I really learned even without any experience with programming.Helpful tutors and very informative classes
very much engaging assignments. I am learning plenty of things in Matlab. Thank you for your committed and sincere effort.
excellent course, Im advanced at programming with matlab and i found many things I was avoiding for not knowing them rigth
It was a wonderful course. It was highly informative. The way of explaining things was extraordinary. To sum up Loved it.
It was an incredible course and it was very interactive. Looking forward to practicing Matlab to solve real life problems
Excellent course. I learned a lot! Although I had some background on programming but this course gave me stronger skills.
few assignments were tough for non programming people and in that case answers should have been provided at the beginning
It was really a nice course for beginners to learn and explore Matlab. Really enjoyed and learned a lot from this course.
Dr.Fitzpatrick is an exceptional instructor, and the curriculum designed for the course is amazing, for  newbies like me.
It really helped me to learn the basics of MATLAB. You have to be honest and you will see that the course helps you a lot
I found the course very helpful. I had very less experience with programming in the past and this course helped me a lot
The course instructor was very good.But the given solution in week 6,7,8 was complicated which can be done in  easy way.
Very clear professor, who explains very well not so easy topics. Thanks to you all to introduce me in a wonderful world.
Great course, but you have to have a really good understanding of Maths which I did not, so I found it really difficult.
Very detailed lessons, good mix of teaching and hands-on assignments. TAs are also very prompt in replying to the forum!
Very good instructor and challenging assignments. Had a lot of fun completing this course. My regards to the instructors
I gained a lot from this course, and what made me surprised is that the teacher replies me so patiently. Thanks a lot!!!
The assignmentsassessments are really smartly set up and help tracking the content of the course by practising yourself
This course was really very helpful to learn MATLAB and Mike sir really explained every bit very clearly and precisely.
Amazing Course, learnt A LOT, each challenge offers a set of difficulty and fun! Great Course, absolutely recommend it!
Excellent class. It's a thorough introduction to MATLAB. And, I would love for Prof. Fitzpatrick to teach more classes!
It is an exceptional course in MATLAB. It will be extremely beneficial if there will be a course on Simulink of MATLAB.
I enjoyed this course a lot more than I expected. I hope this new skill will help me in my future academics. Thank You.
Prof. Mike Fitzpatrick is excellent in his way of teaching and makes us to understand the difficult concepts with ease.
Very good course. I think it could be a little be challenging for someone like me who has no background in programming.
The best course one can find for  learning MatLab from basics  with good grading assignments to check your performance
Request to add objective type questions. Also request to reduce the difficulty level of week 8 and week 9 assignments.
It is the best online courses till now I've ever experienced because the online facilities and knowledge is wonderfull
This is a great course and as i am from the field of data science so matlab will definitely help me visualize the data
Being a non-CSE guy, this course really helped me a lot. All thanks to the excellent instructors for making it easier.
An excellent course to learn how to use MATLAB. This course teaches from the basics to some mid-high level functions.
THIS COURSE WAS SO AMAZING.MOST IMPORTANTLY ,THE TEACHER WAS SO AMAZING WHO MAKE THE LEARNING EVEN MORE EASY AND FUN.
Amazing course. Made me fluent with MATLAB, and hence improving my programming skills. The professor is really great.
A great course with step by step demonstration, this gives me a big help to expand my understanding about the MATLAB.
great videos;Online assignments with feedback is good for debugging;Echo-Generator is easier than the Blur-Assignment
The course is really helpful. Some of the problems are head-scratching, but they really enhance the thinking process.
Great teaching and material, easy to understand, I'm taking class.Hope more fluency in MATLAB when class is finished.
Very good intro to programming. And it was fun. Thank you to the folks at Vanderbilt and Coursera for offering this!
Great course! The problems were really difficult though. Something I didn't expect. Good lectures. Thank you so much
You have to strictly follow from week 4. Don't miss any video from there . The last assignments are bit complicated.
A good structured course to learn Matlab for beginners...............definitely recommend to colleagues and students
Michael Fitzpatrick is the first teacher who really made me interested in programming instead of being afraid of it.
This course is very helpful. I learned a lot and improved my skills. I will highly recommend this course. Thank you.
Fantastic classe, perfect introduction to Matlab and mainly based on practice problems rather than endless lectures.
This is a very good course especially the exercises which are taught in the class. The homework is very challenging!
great experience, very easy to understand the syntax and all the keywords. thanks for teaching, great work, kudos..
I was really unknown to MATLAB. After this course, I am eligible to program in MATLAB regarding different problems.
It was very informative course i was like newbie at starts but now i feel like a pro and wishing to explore more...
Lectures were fantastic,the assignments make one work for the solution and it was overall an invaluable experience.
A great course for starters! The speaker is awesome, I liked his jokes, especially about a guy asked about dying xD
Wonderful course! No comparison of it exists. Perfect assignments at the perfect time. A very handy user-interface.
This is a great introductory course! I recommend this to anybody that tells me they want to learn MATLAB. I love it
Great! It is one of the best courses i have taken. Homework is good(difficult) enough to practise what i learn. :-)
I have some experience in programming, this course was a movie. Professor Mike Fitzpatrick is a legend. Thank you!
A complete numerical programming course. I recommend it whenever you want to work with number problems in science.
Only one word can describe this course and that's 'AWESOME'!!!!It's the best MATLAB course I've ever participated.
Amazing Teacher with the natural ability to stucture the material so everyone can understand it. Also great humor.
Excellent course for those with little or no knowledge of MATLAB. Creative assignments and really helpful mentors.
The level of assignments was too good which helped me increase my competence level. Thanks to both the professors
Very good course.Highly recommended to anyone who wants to learn MATLAB seriously.Thank you Mike fitzpatrick Sir.
Very Helpful course and You ll made it really  easy to learn.I would be glad if you teach advance level in Matlab
Phenomenal course! The tutors share their knowledge and add a touch of subtle humor. What more could one ask for?
very good!Very didactic teacher, explaining everything in details.This course exceeded my expectations! Awesome!!
There should be some explanations (video lecture)regarding  the last 2 assignments of week 9 before the exercise
I have loved the course, study materials, teacher, and their way of teaching all.I have learned a lot.THANK YOU!
Excellent teaching techniques were followed and the quality was top notch. Thanks for the wonderful experience!.
A very very excellent course. It helped me a lot to understand the software and how they work especially MATLAB.
This course is very helpful in re-gaining knowledge and reviewing what has already  been learnt!!  Recommended!!
Cource was Verry Verrry Good ,important in career pointof view but its Assignments are damm hard and challenging
Much better than my expectations, easy to understand and it does not require any prior knowledge of programming.
The video lecture was really immersive and very much interactive. I thank professors at Vanderbilt University...
Professor is genuine, and is most experienced to teach this subject. Very much satisfied with the course content
Great course for MATLAB beginners. Good to get an introduction to MATLAB and build on. Thank you for the course.
Its great course and you get to learn a lot about Matlab. It also improves your programming skills tremendously.
Good course to start !!! This course points out the core part of MATLAB, which is that MATLAB is assuming matrix
Excellent course for new programmers. The assignments are challenging and will sure improve programming skills.
Mike Fitzpatrick is among the best instructor where he passionately explain the concepts and examples. Great!!!
Very informative and it will very much helpful to do the course works. thank you very much for the nice course.
The course is amazing! Prof Mike Fitzpatrick is one of the most amazing profs I have seen in my life! Loved it!
really intersting and thanks to the instructors and coursera because of them ..i learned this MATLAB.Thank you.
it's a very helpful course to discover programming and understand logical construct. Thank you for the quality.
Awesome instructors and properly oriented course contents for the best learning experience. Thank you Coursera!
really good!love the sound and truth about programming of the professor!The class lead me to enjoy programming!
Pretty good, but some videos are too long. I think it would be better if they split some of them in two parts.
Excellent instruction, active forum with dedicated staff to help you answer your question/understand the code.
A really good course. I learn the basics but I still don't remember some language. Overall it is a good course
the instructor was always very lucid and precise with his explanations! Also he had an amazing sense of humor!
It was a very educational and helpful course. MATLAB makes programming much more fun and easier to understand.
Its a really wonderful course. It covers all basics of MATLAB successfully. I can learn many things from this.
The course has learnt me a lot and I was able to develop programs using the skills which I got in this course.
I really enhanced my competences in programming with Matlaband I highly recomend this courseThank you Coursera
A very good course for the beginners who want to learn from the beginning and to master the basics of Matlab.
VERY WELL EXPLAINED COURSE AND GOOD ASSIGNMENTS TO CLEAR CONCEPTS .IT IS  PERFECT AND PRECISE FOR A BEGINNER.
The full course is amazing and helpful for me. The whole programme is very useful and easy to understandable.
Great cursus, very easy to follow, with a lot of exercises to really understand the concepts. Great material!
Perfect course to learn Matlab (no matter whether new to programming or not). great for Physist and Engineers
Great Course! The teachers are very nice and patient. It is very friendly to students with little experience.
Designed course was absolutely awesome! Main attraction about this course was it has sufficient assignments.
instructor was very polite and has given a lot of fruitful information for basic and enhanced understanding.
This course was very interesting. I get the opportunity to learn something new  with such an amazing teacher
nice course, l have learned wide range of basic matlab course. thanks to coursera and vanderbilt university.
It has some difficult problems but it took me some time to learn this course i will come back to study again
It was fun! We can take the course without buying MATLAB software. The course provides web-MATLAB interface.
Good start for programming and it will be easier to understand if you learn C programming first. Good Luck.
Amazing experience and deep understanding about the programming ideas. Thanks Vanderbilt and the faculties.
The best ever course which contains all steps to program a computer and enter wide world of MATLAB.Thankyou
A nice compilation of videos and examples to go through basic of Matlab. Covers all basic aspects of Matlab
Great experience. Learn basics of matlab. I am very happy that this course complete my basics about Matlab.
The course throughout its run made me to learn more than enough, as a novice. It is great and worth doing .
Very Good for Beginners , Levels of the question of the assignments will increase your level in programming
Brilliant! I loved it course, all the explanations were lucid and I really enjoyed my time learning MATLAB.
It's a great course for me to get into the MATLAB programming world and solving problems  has a lot of fun.
It's a great way to learn how to use Maltlab, gives you all the tips and hints to become a good programmer.
For a beginner who wants to start from scratch and go to a recognisable level, Its a very promising course
great course to learn how to program with matlab like a pro i wish if they had a course about simulink too
This course is very good and anyone who doesn't have any knowledge of programming can learn these courses.
The formation and way of explanation is very good. Beginners will enjoy the way we have practice sessions.
This course really helps me a lot in programming, and I got a huge improvement after i finish this course.
Very challenging programming course. Assignments are designed to build MATLAB ideas in progressing manner.
This is a very detailed and instructive course which is suitable for beginners to learn how to use MATLAB.
Very nice course. A lot of interesting exercises that makes you think and develop good programming skills.
The assignments are very nicely prepared. Also, I loved the end music. Thanks to teachers and other staff.
thanks a lot for uploading this course, I learned a lot of coding basics, very useful course for beginners
Really amazing course, the way I learned this new programming language was very easy and very comfortable.
it was just amazing experience to learn matlab by  distinguished faculties, it really helpful . Thank you
It's a great course for students.Thanks for giving us opportunity to learn about how to program on MATLAB
This course was amazing. In the beginning, the exercises were easy but the level was increased gradually.
very comprehensive lessons! great job.one request, please update the pdf files with more detailed slides.
I'm having a great time learning from these videos (they are very funny from time to time). Best of luck!
course material is better than I have seen before
homeworks are interesting
discussions is really helpful
it is very useful and i want more advanced courses in MATLAB and Biomedical Engineering specialization :D
Very clear course material and lectures. And to access all this at no charge makes it extremely valuable.
this is vary good course for beginner level. concept is very much clear and it was wonderful experience.
I feel in love with the teacher. He made the course more interesting. I sincerely recommand this course.
One of the most challenging courses that I ever have taken. Thanks for all, I really enjoyed the course!
had a very good time doing this course the instructor is very good and explains in easy manner thank you
Wonderful course. I really loved it as i learnt almost all basics in MATLAB. I thank Tutor for the same.
assignments are really challenging . theory too is excellent.very real time examples are questions given
It's very helpful and well decorated course. I strongly recommend to all students to attend this course.
Good,Some of the assignments are  difficult to understand,write a  code for week 9 assignment is tricky
This code is very nicely planned. Instructor is really a nice man. He never let's students to get bore.
It was a very complete course, I learned a lot in it, and also I have so much fun with Mr. Mike jokes!!
This course was really useful to understand the fundamentals of programming using MATLAB as a platform.
It is very amazing course. I am totally satisfied for it and i really enjoyed in this course. Thank you
Very useful to learn Matlab programming, quantities of programming exercises help me master the Matlab.
Nicely imparted and easy to understand. Great job on providing the exercises for acquiring experience.
The course was really interesting. The video lectures were very much helpful in doing the assignments.
It is very interesting  course ,I just loved it.Last assignments are too hard ,otherwise all are good.
It is a very essential course and practical course which helps to develop better programmer in matlab.
One of the best coure i ever do. Explained each topic with basics.Thanks a lot for making this course.
very Impressive course. The instructor way of teaching is so nice even a layman can easily understand,
The Course is best I have ever taken regarding/related to any beginners course for computer languages.
Great course! Teaches the basics of Matlab and helps you to understand how to work with it. Thank you.
Hard, but worthwhile.  Videos are outstanding.  Textbook is very good.  Examples are also outstanding.
Amazing learning experience...though it was just for brushing up my Matlab skills. Thoroughly enjoyed!
This is one of the best online courses that one will come across, well structured and well presented!
wonderful course, explicitly explained contents. this has helped me kick start my programming journey
Such an informative course especially scripts Matlab programming..I REALLY enjoy it and learn a lot!!
Extremely informative, well organized, adequately challenging, and useful! Great course, great value.
it was very helpful and educative. Teaching from the scratch helped a lot . thanks to the tutor Mike.
The instructor is awesome. He knows how to teach a concept even if it is boring. It was very helpful.
Very good course, Gives you best insight in programming and gives you great idea regarding MATLAB too
I learnt how to write a program, this will definitely help me in enhancing the problem-solving skills
it is quite an enjoyable course. But to be aware that the emphasis is on "Programming", not "MATLAB".
A very good course. The exercises given helps a lot to learn. The lectures are good and bring clarity
The explanation was detailed and helped me a lot to strength hold my knowledge in Matlab programming
This is perfect course for the beginners. I thank instructor for nicely explaining all the contents.
I prefer for adding basics about SMULINK too as it has become very useful in the mordern generation.
I am giving the rating but the lecture should be updated accordingly as New version comes in Market.
Amazing and challenging course. I accompany this course along with the ebook which was very helpful.
Great course. Videos explain the concepts well and the homework assignments help with understanding.
Mike Fitzpatrick taught me to code. I wish i could thank him personally.Excellently prepared course.
Perfict course! Very suitable for someone that is interested in programming without basic knowledge.
It was my first course in Coursera.  It definitely did not let me down. I learned much about MATLAB
as a entry level course, its good. It helps me to get out of my fear about Matlab and its features.
My experience was literally good......this course contains graded assignments whose level was good.
All the problems for assessment were so good and the instructor was so good explaining the concepts
An excellent course, both in content and presentation. This is how an Online-Course should be made!
Great, challenging exercises throughout the course to ensure you're learning every step of the way.
Amazing content and faculty. Can't believe I was able to learn it within 9 weeks time. Thank you :)
Very useful course with great homework to practice and helpful response from teachers in the forum.
The course is awesome and provides us with good learning videos as well as challenging assignments.
A perfect course to get started with Matlab with very cool excercises to get practical experience!
The course was great, and learned a lot. Hope to see some more amazing course from this institute.
This is a great course...Do enroll for it, you will learn a lot from doing, so I can guarantee it!
Great course! Lots of resources and practice problems. The discussion forums are very helpful too.
Great one already!! I recommended only for people that have primary knowledge background on Maths.
I take this course as a training background for other courses with Matlab and it is super helpful.
Magnificent!! I'd like to thank you for providing this knowledge about Matlab in an exciting way.
I love this course, this course has increased my knowledge to next level in computer programming.
The way that Sir Mr.FlitzPatrick Teaching the course is Amazingand Its very useful for my carrier
The teacher is very enthusiastic and keeps our attention to the topic always. Very well taught!!!
It was really a wonderful course. it is very much useful for beginners who wants to learcn MATLab
Cool course! :) Logical indexing was new to me, a great way to get your vectors filtered quickly!
I am very happy to finish this courseit is an amazing course mange to make me a smart programmer.
Very good introductory course, even for people who didn't have any experience with MATLAB before.
Very informative but difficulty level was a bit high for beginners specially after the 5th week.
Very Informative course. To be honest I learned way better than I got to learn in my university.
Very well explained and useful courses. Understood all the concepts and great problems to solve.
very interesting topic, it is very helpful for my college project and submitted in time than you
i had difficulty in learning functions other wise the teachers did amazing work it was learning!
I used this course as a refresher to brush up on my MATLAB skills. But it went above and beyond!
Excellent course. Lectures are very easy to understand. The presenter is highly skilled at this.
Wonderful course with a great teacher, awesome assignments, and very good educational resources.
Great overview of Matlab. Lessons were well outlined and instructor was knowledgeable and funny.
I have never experienced such kind of well planned and interactive course on programming before.
Easy to follow for beginners and great crash course for someone who needs a good start in MATLAB
Very thorough rundown on the aspects of MATLAB. The instructor was very insightful and detailed.
You learn from zero and become almost and expert in MATLAB without noticing. Highly recommended.
such a good course i ever seen in any other learning sites and  explanation also very fabulous,
its a great one ...this course covers all the basics to a standard level of matlab programming.
It a good course for beginners. it proceeds from basic level to advance level of MATLAB coding.
This is really nice course . I recommend it everyone who is from science or engineering field .
well, i knew matlab from my dagree, but i loved every moment of it, espaceally because of mike
the  course was good, it really helped a lot.thanks for the help. i am able to learn new skill
This course is very student friendly. All this lectures, quiz, assignments are very effective.
Excellent course. This is the best course for beginners who are willing to learn about MATLAB.
outstanding  professor's teaching skill. I wish I have such a brilliant faculty in my college.
The best introductory courses I ever have, with a lot of working examples to get started with.
great course. It is easy for me, a new man, to understand these basic content. Thank Coursera.
Your course is highly attractive for the learners who just want to learn MATLAB.Thanks a lot.
Excellent Teaching and the assignments take you really a notch higher. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
I have learned many good things about programming in Matlab, by the help of this great course
Just loved the course .  But you have to give more reading and time to solve the assignment .
I LEARNT A LOT FROM THIS COURSE. THE IS VERSY AND  SIMPLE EASY TO LEARN. THANK TO COURSE TEAM
Thanks for teaching me and encouraging me to do something which i cannot do without your help
this is the best matlab classes i have ever had i t helped me a lot to excel in matlab course
it gives us what's priomised.and i really like how course introduced us to programming world.
The questions are settled by the level of difficulty, which interests students to learn hard.
Instructor are knowledgeable and present the subject in a manner which can understood easily.
An excellent course for beginners. You will get to learn all tit bits of matlab from scratch.
Great course! The professor talks in an interesting way which is exactly what i want! Thanks!
very nice teaching. superb. i personally recommend this for anyone who wants to learn MATLAB.
Its much better than most Chinese MATLAB courses, but for me, the professor speaks too fast.
Great course indeed but video lectures were too lengthy sometimes that I lost concentration.
This course taught me a lot .I had a great experience.Looking forward to develop new things.
It is a great learning tool where I can get many knowledge about MATLAB from the professors.
Very helpful, and the instructor replies very quick so you do not get stuck at any question!
Excellent course. Completing the homework assignments correctly gave me a lot of confidence.
Very well-organized and useful course for a beginner in programming. Can't ask for better :)
Phenomenal lecturer.  A great introduction or review for those already familiar with MATLAB.
Excellence fundamental course for someone who is seeking the first-step of MATLAB practices
This is a true MOOC.....Excellent teachers and tough assignments. Really loved this course.
Very nice course for those who want to MATLAB. Come to try it no matter you are new or old.
This was really a great course which helped me practice my previous knowledge about matlab.
I would heavily suggest this course for beginner in Matlab or who wants to be a programmer.
World best methodology adopted to teach, even to those having zero programming background.
It's absolutely amazing!! The way the instructor teaches helps you keep going on...Hurray!
Perfect course for a begineer and for a person who wants to brushen up their fundamentals.
The course and the instructors are awesome!! Glad that I was finally able to complete it!!
Great course! It helps me to refresh my knowledge of Matlab and find out its new features.
Excellent presenter, well-paced course with challenging but achievable problems to tackle.
Great Faculty and TAs!  I have enjoyed this course and feel I have gained valuable skills.
Wonderful Course. Thank You for such a specified course on MATLAB. Instructor Sir is Cool.
very exciting course. I learnt a lot out of it. Thank you very much for your great efforts
An excellent course. thank you to the great Tutors of Vanderbilt University and Coursera.
Very good course for those who are interested in MATLAB, explained perfectly from basics.
It is really a very useful course and walking step by step. appreciate the efforts really
Excellent course for beginners who have a minimum or no experience of programming al all.
Impressed by the assignments. It is good to be able to implement and test what you learn.
great teaching ! very helpful for anyone trying to learn new stuff and change their life!
Thanks, sir for making this course. I am really very happy after learning MATLAB skills.
This course helped me refresh my MATLAB knowledge and boost my confidence for my future.
Great course for scientific people who deals with different kinds of data in their life.
Excellent way of teaching,the subject matter was taught to me in a easy and lucid manner
I love learning from this course it is easy to understand and implement at the same time
Very detailed introductory course to matlab programming. Recommended for every beginner.
Amazingly designed course, specially for beginners who want to learn MATLAB programming.
Exceptionally delivered, I thoroughly understood and enjoy the course. thank you so much
Enjoyed a lot.....Learned a lot....Excellent Introductory course...expect more like this
Extraordinary course, recommend everyone who would like to learn MATLAB to take part in.
I learned a lot of helpful skills of matlab, thank you a lot for those grateful lessons
Courses are very good videos are also practical based. Need the patience to see videos.
Good course, quite long the videos but the most interesting part are the final problems
All are very useful lectures, it was a great experience of learning MATLAB as beginner.
The professor is very experienced, friendly and explains all clearly. 100% recommended!
I was an awesome course to learn the basics of MATLAB and Programming. Helped me a lot.
it was an wonderful experience to learn from you.Thanks for providing this free courses
Best course to understand the basics of matlab progamming.I really enjoyed this course.
Excellent Lectures and good material provided assignments also very good thank you alot
Amazing grader system. Helped a lot. Also great professor with a bright sense of humor!
The teacher is very kind and humorous. The whole set of video is elegant. My gratitude!
Thanks for your wonderful Course. Really it's very much helpful for novice researcher .
Great course, sometimes you need to think about questions twice, but it's interesting.
super great!!!The teacher has a good sense of humour.  I really enjoy all the lessons!
This is a great course to enroll yourself into. The instructor teaches extremely well.
The way of teaching is amazing, sir was really great, i never got bore ,he is amazing.
This Program is very well planned and the instructor is explained very well. Thank you
I'm very glad to take this course and as it enlighten me the true power of programming
This is such an amazing way to study.i really learned a lot from this course.Thank you
A comprehensive and well-structured course for whoever's new to MATLAB or programming.
Love the challenging assignments! They did their part making us write efficient codes.
The class was fantastic! It was a great way to brush up on Matlab. Highly recommended!
very useful for programmers and the videos can make it easier to undersatnd the codes
I loved this course, i've learned lot of things about programing basics. Thank you :)
One of the finest introductory course about MATLAB. Highly recommended for beginners.
Very useful course for the beginner level students who want to start learning MATLAB!
Great experience in programming using Matlab. Effective content delivery by the tutor
this is my  first course on coursera , I t's a very good course to start  with matlab
This is a very excellent course with detailed explanations and reasonable assignments
very interesting and enjoyed all sessions.wishing to get matlab advanced course also
i am able to learn matlab very nicely .thanks to coursera for such a great iniative.
I enjoyed the whole course specially tutor who taught in very distinct and easy way.
Simple and concise introduction to Matlab. I'd highly recommend it to the beginners.
Best course for Introduction to programming. Tougher concepts also explained easily.
Excellent introductory course. Authors solutions to the exercises are a great bonus.
I am feeling proud to be an part of this session,it is very helpful in future apart
i learnt a lot from this course, Thank you so much for offering such a good course.
Learned a lot through this course and it would be very helpful throughout my career
Enjoyed every minute of it and learned some valuable programming skills on the way!
The way of teaching is great, I really enjoyed this course and exercises inside it.
Very clear, the teacher makes some jokes to break the rythm, I loved it. Thank you.
Comprehensive introduction. Recommend to anyone who wants to get an intro to MATLAB
I'm glad that Matlab is my first progamming language. The course was highly helpful
This is an amazing course with detailed discussions with plenty practice exercise.
Excercises were interesting  for solving and increasing the scope of understanding
Wonderful course. any one with can learn it . everthing is explained from scratch.
One of the best course i have ever taken. And probably the best structured course.
Very efficient study and a thorough knowledge of the course with good assessments.
wonderful course with concepts explained in-depth but the videos are a bit lengthy
Thank you so much. This was just what I needed before starting university courses.
Great course for beginners, very clear depiction and understanding of the subject.
Really informative and well structured. The tutor knows everything about the topic
excellent methadology of teaching..great illustrations too. keep up the good work.
Very good course and useful for somebody who knows a little of Matlab programming.
It was an excellent course taught with very nice examples.... Thank you very much
"excellent content and very knowledgeable.....Trainer had a great sense of humour
Great teaching materials and great experiences using the online version of matlab
A great introduction or refresher course for Matlab. Well taught and very useful!
Good course contents with necessary guidelines. Recommended for MATLAB beginners.
This course has created a strong foundation in this software and it's application
The course is well designed and the instructor is very clear with his teachings.
The best course available on the internet to learn MATLAB! Thank you instructor.
This course is very helpful. Thanks a lot to Vanderbilt university and Coursera.
Best online course I ever take. The instructor is clear, funny and professional,
Essentials of MATLAB are being described in a simple clear method.  Very useful.
Top course - I would recommend to anybody who wants to start working with Matlab
Mr Fitzpatrick has a special talent to teach, and I find Homeworks quite helpful
It's easy to understand. Although I can't get the pdf file because I'm in china.
A great course and a must one for those who are using Matlab for the first time.
Fantastic course. You learn to use and to love MATLAB. Recommend to everyone! :)
coursera is an excellent platform to learn the subject effectively. Thank you !
absolutely wonderful.The teaching style was outstanding.A big thanku COURSERA .
It was a great learning experience thank you VANDERBILT UNIVERSITY and Coursera
It was a very good course it liked it very much.....Simple yet imformative.....
Excellent course, pave a platform to understand the programming in an easy way.
this was a very fun class! really loved it and learned quite a lot.thank you!!!
Very beautifully composed content. I love the pace and humor of the instructor.
This class was extremely helpful in understanding MATLAB for my college course.
Great course ! easy to understand the metreial and the software is very usefull
Provides resources, explains clearly, and provides a good basis for programming
A well detailed course which starts from simple basics to complex calculations.
excellent! I've learned a lot from it. Although the test is a little difficult.
This course is well-designed ! Great way to learn Matlab and basic programming.
It is an amazing course, I  learn lots of new thing  in this course, Thank you
this is a very brilliant course that teaches u matlab form basics to expertise
Little slow going at first but the latter half of the course is really useful.
Excellent Online training Experience with professors under the MATLAB umbrella
i'm happy what i'm doing.  concepts are well explained and they are in detail.
an excellent course for anyone who desires to learn MATLAB! Outstanding work!!
An entertaining and sufficiently challenging course with a wonderful lecturer!
Changed my way of thinking in programming and how for loop can be rarely used
You are a Great Instructor. Would love to study from you again in the future.
The course and faculty are awesome. Able to attain knowledge regarding Matlab
The course is very helpful in understanding the basics of Matlab Programming.
The examples and asiigmnent questions are extraodinary and thought provoking.
Excellent course and illustration by the professor. Hope to see more of these
this course very helpful for improving my knowledge about MatLab programming.
Teacher is so useful . his courses are fun ,and he truely know how to teach .
With this topic, you will practically learn all you need to know about Matlab
It was such nice course to know the basics of MATLAB and  usage of functions
Very Nice Course for Beginners!!.. Learned a lot :) Kudos to the Instructor.
Really good course, the videos are interesting and the tasks are challenging
Thank you, Coursera, Vanderbilt, and the Professors Ledeczi and Fitzpatrick.
it is a wonderful course to learn programing with MATLAB, form zero to hero.
If you seriously want to know the Matlab then this course is perfect for you
the professors are good they thought course pretty well I am total satisfied
I very glad to complete this course. It will use to me very well. Thank you.
The professor explain very clear and the content of the course was adequate.
The course is really good and it will help to improve my knowledge of matlab
Thanks to the professor and his team, for the clear and concise explanations
Great course. I have learned the basis and the enviroment of MatLab. Thanks!
I've learnt a lot from the course. Very useful and terrifically interestion.
Great teaching and very thought provoking assignments. A really good course!
Excellent presentation!!Challenging assignments!!Perfect course Structure!!
very Useful course for starting in the field of Matlab, I love this course.
Very useful and informative course contents, teaching material is very good
It was really an amazing course with detailed demonstration by the speakers
The lectures are interesting, and the assignments are inspiring! Thank you!
Amazing course! The instructor is a genius person, so many things to learn.
a must do course!i am very thankfull to the course instructer and coursera!
I had a great time learning. Everything was clear and explained in details.
concept explaining is perfect.but more problem discussions would be better.
Great course! Taught me not just programming skills, but also perseverance!
i never thought someone could teach programming this simple. great course.
Well Explained course, cool professor, Take you to the fun ride of MatLab.
Best course ever taken on coursera. The tutor is also funny and efficient.
This course was amazing and I really loved the way the instructors taught.
Very good course especially for understanding basics of MATLAB programming
One of the best course for someone who wishes to learn matlab form basics.
The best course for a beginner with easy to grasp concepts. 100% recommend
It is really an interesting course ,I have learned a lot from this course.
Really loved this course, definately perfect for beginners in programming.
Very helpful and easy, the way it was presented is absolutely magnificent.
Great course, very interesting. Especially good for beginners with MatLab.
Quite good course with changeling homework. Not for programming beginners!
Best course ever..but it would be better if the videos were not very long
The coarse was quite useful and fun at the same time. Thank you for that.
Can be a little bit more precise but otherwise the experience is amazing!
I have to say that structure and explanation of course is very strategic.
This course really awesome.Thanks for giving this course at free of cost.
A very knowledgeable course highly recommended who wants to learn Matlab.
Very useful. Specifically the assignments given in week 9 are challenging
This course can be useful for the introduction and advancement in MATLAB.
Great course. Clear information. Great teacher giving the video lectures.
AWESOME EXPERIENCE WITH PROFESSORS TEACHING MATLAB. THANK YOU SO MUCH SIR
This course helps me a lot to learn Matlab. Thanks for Mike and his team.
really helpful,it's a big luck to have found such a good course for free.
Good introductory matlab course. I enjoyed many brain teaser HW problems.
Best hands-on practical online tutoring on Matlab. Great work Coursera!!!
Highly recommended for those who want to learn the basics of programming
Wow its a great time with Vanderbilt University. The course was amazing.
The Course was great, and the assignments were exciting and challenging.
amazing course . don't think just join it you will learn a lot from them
This is the best online course I've seen so far. The teacher is amazing!
You are an excellent instructor SIR !!!Want to learn more Coursera .....
Both instructors are helpful and cooperative. I find it really enjoyable
Such an awesome course. Every thing is explained in a very detailed way.
great course on matlab, definitely will share to every one of my friends
Good course. It would be great if you created a Simulink course as well.
Great course that I highly recommend!  Comprehensive and well explained.
this is really a best source for learning MATLAB...hatts off you guys...
Very nice course, learned a lot. Great instructor with dry bit of humor.
The teachers and TAs are really helpful when you asked questions online.
let the experts guide u to win..........................................
Very nicely designed and elaborated lectures with real life examples...
video lessons were so good and easy to understand from the basics!!!!!!
The most straightforward MATLAB course I have ever attended. Thank you!
For those who begin to learn matlab, This is the ideal course for it!!!
Excellent course, very well paced and extra ordinary teaching!Thank You
I love the course and the method of teaching. Highhllyyy recommended!!!
Well taught and all the concepts are explained with corresponding codes
This course is tuff and tricky. But this course has excellence contain.
nicely design course , I wiil miss the The old man badly . Thank you :)
One of the best courses I've ever taken. It's my favorite of all times.
Very useful, it complemented my MSc in Actuarial and Financial Science.
The best teachers of the world. It was so awesome experience. Thank you
Nice i got knowledge but please provide video in hindi language also .
The course was nicely taught.However, the assignments are much tricky.
It is better plateform for devoloping skills for programming in MATLAB
The instructor is very good at delivering the lectures at a good pace.
Its very useful course and the notes that you given are much satisfied
it is really a good course to learn matlab basic programming skills...
Amazing and Engaging Content!Thank you for such an amazing experience!
Thank you Professor Mike Fitzpatrick Vanderbilt Universityand coursera
was very helpful and I learned a lot of programming skills as beginner
thank you for this opportunity cousera. this skill will help me a lot.
Course is pretty fast and straightforward. Glad that things are clear!
The best part of this course is the practice question you will tackle.
I loved this course, the instructor and the course mentors...... KUdoS
Very good course to learn the fundamentals of MATLAB and programming.
Professor Michael Fitzpatrick rocks!!!must do course for beginners!!!
Excellent! It's complete and the best course I took here in coursera.
the course has provided a clear foundation to programming with matlab
I have learned some introduction of matlab and calculation by coding.
Making of a Beginner to Expert Programmer. Worth learning the course.
it was a good journey with this course.thanks for giving a knowledge.
Nice foundational course for the beginners to programming and MATLAB.
Very Helpful course for people who want to learn Matlab from scratch.
its best opportunity to doing online courses here. i love course era.
This course was very helpful and the standards of the course is good.
Very informative, organize and interactive approach. I learned a lot!
Who says that you can't become a good programmer with some laughs....
Very satisfied with the course. Good exercise questions and examples.
it is very useful course ,very important and gives me great knowledge
Fantastic course. one of the best MOOC. Perfectly designed for online
Very interesting and challenging problems. Enjoyed the whole course !
i like this course! i have learned a lot of programming using matlab
This course is an essential way to learn Matlab coding fundamentals.
The instructor has an amazing way of explaining stuff what happens .
Respected ProfessorI am thankfull for giving me this useful course .
Really helpful for a beginner to know the basic knowledge of Matlab.
Great Explanation provided by the mentor made it easy to understand.
course was really good , but it was little bit faster than I assume.
Wonderful teaching by instructor. Thanks for sharing your knowledge.
Great instructor and great content! I learnt a lot from this course.
It is very handy for the people who are new to programming languages
A good course for anyone who wants to gain MATLAB programming skill.
this  lesson offer much help for new comers in this  domain like me.
Very concise materials and practical knowledge. A Wonderful Course!
Really like how they give us homework and the instuctor is very fun
Great course to start programming with MATLAB. Highly recommended!!
Very good and effective course in the programming aspects of Matlab
initial 6 weeks are damn easy. But later 3 weeks are so tough to me
I got a great knowledge to learn how to code from basics in MATLAB.
It was really a wonderful course, Learned a lot of things. Thankyou
Awesome Experience thank u, COURSEA for this wonderful opportunity.
Great course material and great instructor too. This is THE MATLAB.
This is very good course. I have improved many programming  skills
excellent teaching ! the method of teaching is very well thank you
thanks courseera for making such wonderful learning platform......
very good course and mike is very good teacher i love his teaching
Excelent course, gives basic ideas of the main commands in matlab.
Very good course . I learn lots of important fundamental of matlab
I enjoyed this course. It was helpful and the teacher is the best.
Good teaching system with a very helpful discussion forum! Thanks!
very good and understandable course. Moves just at the right pace.
Excellent, I am thankful to the guide for this excellent session.
Good content, Clear explanation,  Great platform to learn MATLAB.
well explained in very systematic manner...excellent course!!!!!!
it is amazing course for learn basics of  matlab programming ....
I like the professor very much. his lessons never got me bored <3
It was an amazing experience.This course has made me love coding.
Awesome Course who taught me how to program without getting bored
Please add similar course, specialized for (chemical) Engineering
Exceptionally motivating course to learn Programming using MATLAB
Awesome course introducing the matlab programming in great depth.
Very nice, easy to comprehend, nice teacher and software display.
Undoubtedly this is the best Matlab programming course available.
This Course is a great oppotunity to master my programming skills
A great introduction to programming and using the MATLAB software
detailed explanation with perfect examples and coding techniques
The course was very good, very useful and informative. Thank you
Most to the point introduction to programming as well as MATLAB!
Useful and well-organized content told by an interesting person.
Excellent course. Well explained and challenging towards the end
So Hard, a lot of advanced Maths , but definy the best course!!!
Very good and quite interesting! From now on, I am a programmer!
It's a very good course that will sharpen your MATLAB skills ^_^
So far the best course available for MATLAB for young beginners.
Overall teaching was great. Im getting good knowledge on matlab
Amazing course, good practice exercises and a great instructor.
This indeed a great course i liked it very much. I recommend it
Excellent course for the beginners. Interesting and challenging
Excellent course and it is really complete, I have learnt a lot
After lerning this course i have done many practices for matlab
Thank you for the Detailed Information  of each and every topic
Very good choice to begin matlab ,you just have to be patient .
Professor taught very well.Enjoyed learning Matlab programming.
a good experience satisfied with the discussions and everything
It has been a great time full of science, fun, and programming.
Great course. Enjoyed it. Some of the assignments were tough bu
Great Course!!!!! Must have course for MATLAB beginners........
I'm very glad that i've found this course, thank you very much!
amazing course for those looking to learn the basics of Matlab
Excelent course but you need to concentrate and to it properly
Really helpful course for those who want to start programming.
Great Course and fun learning with the interactive instructor.
It is great course. I would like to recommend this to everyone
One of the best and easy to learn courses and best intructors.
Very nice introduction to Matlab, and a review of programming.
Very useful course for starting with MATLAB. I really liked it
Amazing content, interesting lectures, mind tasking homeworks!
greatjust there are quite some difficult problems in homework
This course very good for don't know anything about programing
Great CourseThe assignments were perfect. I have learned a lot
The professors are very prepared and its a very useful course.
Learned from very basic to advanced level in MATLAB. Thank you
I have enjoyed this course  as well i learned lots of things.
Best course for beginner. It really worth more than its cost.
Exceptional course. Great course to start coding from scratch
teaching style that is easy to understand, I like this course
very interesting and valuable course by vanderbilt university
Easily understandable,very quick response and well explained.
really loved the course and the instructor's way of  teaching
very informative course.helped me in  knowing what matlab is.
Very good course. Everything is explained in a simple manner.
HIghly recommended for those who want to learn Matlab Basics.
Very well learnt.Good experience in learning and was useful .
A very good course. I found very challenging the assignments.
It's a very useful and very well done course! Thanks a lot!!!
A very interesting, effective course with a great instructor.
This course is wonderful and shows the strongness of matlab.
This course is very useful to me, thanks to Pro.Fitzpatrick!
Really liked the detailng with which the instructor teaches.
The instructor is very cool. He made the course interesting.
This course has really helped me to learn MATLAB Programming
I am enjoying the course and I will complete it successfully
It's a wonderful course to help ppl get started with MATLAB,
Wonderful for initial level of Programming in Matlab, Thanks
it was very helpful, thanks alot for the work put into this
One of the best course to learn MATLAB for beginners.....!!
A very well designed and explained course for the beginners
Interesting , Great , Nice , Interactive and a lot to learn
It is a very nice experience in learning with the professor
It's very interesting course.you won't get bore at all.....
Form this course i learned to write the functions in Matlab
Awesome but our lovely course instructor Rested in peace!!!
very well focused course for all novice programmers like me
It was very helpful to learn Matlab from scratch to advance
A thorough and challenging course for beginner programmers!
This is a very good course for people who is new to matlab.
very good. the help form the professors were amazing thanks
one of the best MATLAB onine course! Highly recommended. :)
Extremely useful for those who do not know the programming.
achieved great experience in programming in matlab with fun
Excellent. Really useful and enjoyable. Highly recommended.
The lectures were great! and its very fun to learn Matlab.
Absolutely love this course! Kudos to Prof. Mike and team!
The course is very good and it covers each topic in detail
this is an outstanding platform, everyone should go for it
thank you so muc I am learn many more thing and new skills
Its a very nice course for those who wants to learn matlab
I was sorry that the course was over. a very useful course
it was very good, detailed explanation i really enjoyed it
Excellent course, fantastic explanation by the instructor.
So useful  course,with all necessary things we should know
Good content and the way how Mike explained is price less.
Great course for learning MATLAB and algorithms in general
Easy to understand.It is very useful for rookies to learn.
Very much helpful course to learn something about MATLAB.
Very useful for my Master's project work on optimization.
Great! after this course, I can start programming! Great!
Thankyou sir for guiding me for better learning of matlab
Excellent course, the professor is really good teaching !
Really very nice and knowledgable course in detailed way.
Excellence in the way of delivering such complex problems
A great Introduccin to Matlab with challenging problems.
very good course but  assignments are too tough gradually
I gain a lot of knowledge about MatLab programming.thanks
It's awesome. I learned a lot from this course. Thank You
very coherent and comprehensive, a well organized class!!
This is a great starting course for programming in MATLAB
very informative and good course for beginners.Thank you
Great course to start with your MATLAB coding skills !!!
Very good explanations and clear examples. Thank you all
Awesome but our lovely course instructor rested in peace
it's simply superb for beginners. time-worthy. go ahead.
One of the best course on Matlab, I absolutely loved it.
Up to the expectations ..and high quality study material
very good,but need to make same information more simpily
Really beneficial and also interesting.Learnt new things
This is the best course for learning MATLAB programming.
Some of the videos get boring but a great course overall
excellent teaching skills, well elaborated for beginners
Very good teaching. Perfect to get Matlab basics. Thanks
Love the way of teaching and enjoyed solving assignments
Just as it was recommended to me, I'd also recommend it!
Great course, took a while to get through, but worth it.
wonderful course for anyone who wants to learn matlab!!!
nice lecture and  explanations. very much useful. thanks
a very good course to develop  MATLAB programming skills
It was exhaustive, but at the same time very educational
Best course for learning basics in a step by step stage.
The best MOOC programming course i have seen. THANK YOU!
It was a good course contained with good test problems.
Good for everyone who wants to learn about programming.
This was the best MOOC I've been a part of. Thank you!!
Excellent course. Every program lover should go for it.
nice explanation of lessons, in very interesting style.
it was very helpful and good way for beginers to learn,
Really interesting and thorough introduction to Matlab.
Very helpful and informative. Really good for beginner.
It was a very experience. Enjoyed the learning process.
I highly recommend this cource for professional growth!
That was a great course ! I learned so much, thank you.
A great course to introduce you in programming language
Educational and helped me with my Matlab course at uni.
Excellent course! Interesting and simple to understand.
Fantastic course, challenging. The teachers are awesome
Excellent course to learn matlab. Thank you very much.
Excellent course ...... must have for the MATLAB users
Clear explanation and relaxed instructor.Great course.
Great program with a nicely designed course structure.
useful , extremely simple and great great instructor .
Very nice and comprehensive introduction for beginners
i think i learn a lot of knowledge from this course!!!
It's really the best start if you want to learn Matlab
best course for people who suck at programming like me
Sometimes was boring, but I think that is unavoidable.
Great homework exercises. Really enjoyed solving them.
Very Informative and clearly taught, would recommend.
A very good course for building the basics in Matlab.
Very useful and interesting with lots of assignments.
The Best teacher you can get to teach you this topic.
Excellent course, congratulationsThank you very much.
very useful and detailed course also bit challanging.
Best course for learning basic MATLAB and programming
It is an awesome course that I haven't learn till now
This is one of the best course in Matlab ever i seen.
Great for an introduction to MATLAB "AND" Programming
The home works were a little difficult and coooool :)
Excellent course. Instructor is just perfect teacher.
nice course and nice Teacher Assistant and Professor!
Very nice course. Worth every penny. Highly recommend
Great course, which make me fall in love with Matlab.
A great way to learn computer programming with MATLAB
This is nice for different problems to do programming
A great course in computer programming for beginners.
Very good course at an introductory level for MATLAB.
Its a nice course which starts from elementary level.
I learned lots of thing from this course, loved it !
so nice but we can't catch the fast english language
it was interesting, like it and learn so much thanks
Great course, but kind of challenging for beginners.
Great course with clear and fast paced instructions!
This is what i was looking for MatlabThanks Coursera
good course to learn programming and practice matlab
Very Interesting Course! It is super easy to follow.
Well structured, step-by-step instruction, enjoyable
This course is very helpfull for the learning MATLAB
best one for beginner, i felt really useful by this
I love this course. The course is very well design.
Great Course for entering the world of programming!
it is very good and deep teaching method. i love it
It is a course from which I have learned something.
A very good course .....well liked it very much..!!
Good course to start to learn programming in MATLAB
so great course! I like the way the teacher taeches
This is a very useful course. Thanks to all of you!
this course is great! It's useful for the beginner!
Great course for introduction programming of Matlab
A Nicely structured course that is easy to follow.
now,i have good experience in matlab programming .
thank you it was a great and wonderful experience.
Good course. Helps a lot to me in learning MATLAB.
It was amazing to learn MATLAB under his guidance.
It was amazing to learn MATLAB under his guidance.
Mind blowing course...... Thank you very much 
Exercises are more helpful, professor really good!
Thank you for having this kind of online learning.
I had a great time here. Thank you for the course.
The assaingments were really helpful and teaching!
It was a great experience while doing this course.
A Really captivating course! loving it ! thank you
Very interesting course and very clear instruction
Excellent introduction to MATLAB and programming !
excellent course ,very detailed and easy to follow
A fun learning experience.Kudos to the professors
Please make the lecture videos a little bit short
Best course to learn matlab for those who are new
This is an amazing course that I have completed!!
Great course. Great teaching. Very easy to follow
This course very good and explain basic concept .
A perfect introduction to programming with MATLAB
Very very nice course. I have enjoyed it so much.
Had a great experience  while learning,  too good
Very well taught,amazing and engaging instructor.
I really learnt how to Programm with this course.
this course is really helpfull.thank you so much.
Well defined, well presented!!! Excellent choice!
Did my thesis degree with this course, excellent.
Humorous teacher, concise and useful explanation!
Great Course so far! Totally worth the commitment
Best Matlab online introduction course out there.
This course was really helpful to me..Thankyou!!
Very cool, engaging instructor and good content!
good and more informative on how to write coding
It is good platform to practice  matlab programs
the session is very helpful for me, thanks a lot
Well structured for hands-on training. The best!
Very great course to learn MATLAB. Good exercise
coursera is a best platform for learning matlab.
The way they teach this course was awesome... :)
i learned matlab very well good course thank you
Teacher are really good Best way to learn matlab
Best course I've ever done in Coursera platform.
A very great first course of MATLAB programming!
Very nice course, and easy to learn and practice
Great course , i had really enjoyed this course.
Good course and supportive staffNice experience
The course is very good and easy to understand,
the best course for beginners Matlab programmer
It was a tedious but very insightful experience
very good and nice the assignments were helpful
really enjoyed each every minute while learning
Excelent Course, thank you for the opportunity.
Thank you! A great course and great jokes haha!
Great Course for starting the Journey In Matlab
It helps me a lot in my engineering background.
Great course to learn Matlab. Highly recommend!
Very helpful for all disciplines of Engineering
Very helpful course with fantastic instructors.
Very good course. Actually the very best course
Perfect introduction to computer programming!!!
its a very good course.its very helpful course.
i get so much knowledge from this MATLAB course
It was wonderful. The course is well designed.
one of the best introductory course for Matlab
It's been a great time learning with Coursera.
Course is very Good. Taught in a simple manner
awesome teacher thank u sir u are best teacher
I would like appreciate your wonderful course.
Very Good course to learn MATLAB for Beginner.
Great course., with probably the best teacher.
Very helpful and easy to understand. Thank you
very useful course and i learned a lot from it
Great class to learn programming from scratch.
Good online course for programming with MATLAB
Very good, explains things well, good teacher.
A good course for beginners. Worth doing it !!
It is an excellent course! Highly recommended.
A really amazing with the greatest instructor!
The excellent course about MATLAB programming!
I loved it,  I enjoyed  learning with coursera
OUTSTANDING. Best  MATLAB introductory course.
Easy at the beginning, hard at the end. Great!
Fantastic course. Great pace, very explanatory
Easy to learn and easy to understand delivery
One of the best Intro courses for programming
Great to learn , though challenging questions
very nice course for basic coding with matlab
thank you for explaining the basics in matlab
Sometimes, subtitles are conceal the display.
it is good course and it is very useful to us
It was really well taught and planned course!
this course helped me to how to work on logic
Really good experience. Simple  and thorough.
Great starting point to MATLAB programming...
well planned and interactive.Never got bored.
Excellent course, the homework is interesting
it was really helpful and useful, Thank you!
This course was so helpfull for me, thanks!!
Really helped me get a good grasp of MATLAB.
Gave me the strong base i needed, thank you!
Best Course I've finished on Coursera so far
Beautiful course with great syllabus design.
Great course! Thank you, Prof.  Fitzpatrick!
Very helpful for any eager-to-learn beginner
Great course, great material easy to follow.
Wonderful course with in-depth explanations.
Very useful and friendly to the fresh person
It is really hard to open the video in China
Outstanding teaching methods and technology.
A perfect course to learn coding with MATLAB
Thank you for this wonderful opportunity  .
Matlab intermediate to advanced proficiency
It was really insightful and brain tasking.
thanks allot this is really valuable for me
Last few graded assignments were very tough
Well organized course. Thank you very much.
Very nicely presented, a good introduction!
A very complete course to begin with MATLAB
Challenging and lots of new things to learn
Very good and helpful course for beginners.
wonderful teacher, great pace, great course
Best course on MATLAB I have tried so far!
I have learnt lot about MATLAB Programming
It helped me expand my programming skills.
Outstanding training - highly recommended!
Challenging course but greatly satisfying!
It is f**king awesome, to learn new stuff.
for beginner , its a great course to start
I am very happy to compliting this course.
Excellent course for the basics of MATLAB.
One of the best professor with best humor!
it is excellent therory plus pratical work
Very nice lecture and knowledgeable course
excellent rich material & learning content
Awesome course. Very clear and interesting
very good course for beginners to matlab !
Exelent course for introduction to MATLAB.
Very good course with excellent professors
wonderful instructori enjoy taking course
very nice platform as well easy to learn.
Excellent course to learn MATLAB, Thanks!
It's very good to learn MATLAB from root.
Best course gave best knowledge of MATLAB
this course is very useful for me. thanks
It is a very good course for an engineers
this course is very helpful for my future
nice experience to learn basics of matlab
It was good for my insights and practice.
Amazing. Assignments are very interesting
Learnt a lot even though I have some idea
it is an exceptional course for the start
Well structured course. Very much helpful
osm course and great hardwork by faculty.
It is a very useful and wonderful course.
Excellent Course focused on fundamentals!
Thank you coursera.It was a great course.
Most friendly environment to learn MATLAB
best platform to develop basics of MATLAB
Excellent course for beginners in Matlab.
Great Course......Period!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Excellent!!!!!

I completely recommend it
Excellent teaching sir,thank you so much
Very good course, learned a lot from it!
One of the best illustrators ever I got.
Excellent Course to do by every engineer
Explanation is crystal clear. Thank you!
exceptional course and detailed analysis
it is so beneficial and efficient thanks
This course is better than live lessons.
it is very great learning with coursera.
feels good while solving the assignments
It is very creative with its assessment.
Really a amazing course for the beginner
A very usefull tool for learning matlab.
One of the best courses available online
it is very good,and i learn many things.
I think it was great course for matlab.
well explained About Matlab Programming
Very good course, I enjoyed the course.
Excellent Prof Given Problems are tough
One of the finest courses ever pursued.
coursera material is very knowledgable.
It's a excellent app to learn something
A really nice and well designed course.
Thanks for your professional course ...
Exceptional course and awesome teaching
good presentation skill of the teacher.
highly recommended course for bigenners
Very easy to understand. Great course!!
Thank you, the course is really helpful
Pretty detailed courses. Greap practice
Very instructive and challenging course
This is what i actually needed. Thanks
Great course, explanation was so clear
Well structured course for a beginner.
The best course online to learn Matlab
A very useful course and good teacher.
COmprehensive, Precise  and up to date
amazing course and a competent faculty
the best course for matlab programming
good course and good homework project.
Great course to get started in Matlab!
Excellent. Really helped me at my job.
IT IS JUST SUPERB..........WELL TAUGHT
Great course! Interesting assignments!
Very Informative and rich in exercises
Awesome course! Learnt a lot from it !
good course, very suitble for freshman
Very good course. Highly recommend it.
Great introductory course for matlab.
good infomation given to learn easily
Best way and easy way to learn MATLab
Great tutor with clear explanation !!
Excellent course for Matlab beginners
Extracting more things in this course
this course is really good.thank you.
it's an amzing site to learn somthing
Simple and very helpful for beginners
Very useful and earn a new knowledge.
I LOVED THE COURSE AND THE MENTOR TOO
Really a helpful course for beginners
Best introductory course on MATLAB :)
it helps me fall in love with matlab.
So great! Learn much about the matlab
Tough, but a good intro or refresher.
this course is very very supported me
Great Instructor, very easy to follow
By far the best MOOC I have attended.
the course was very good and helpful
thank for such a great opportunity .
Excellent.You can learn many things.
Sessions were wonderful. Thank you!!
i learn alot in during this course..
Very informative and well explained.
Excellent course for learning MATLAB
This course was very much beneficial
Thank you professor Mike Fitzpatrick
its help full of all MATLAB learners
Nice course . Learned a lot from it.
Really it is useful for new learners
The best course for matlab beginners
amazing teaching and course content.
it's very interesting and knowledge.
Very well designed Course structure.
learn so much about matlab thank you
Good intro to MATLAB, very complete!
very good course structure proovided
The best course for MATLAB Beginners
Best course for matlab introduction
Excellent course and great teacher.
Great course for beginner on Matlab
very useful thank you for your work
Best course  for matlab begginers
it wonderful experiences, thank you
learnt matlab in a very good manner
great instruction and good exercise
Everything is excellent. Thank you!
AWESOME TIME STUDYING THIS COURSE .
It was really good course.
Thankyou
very easy to grasp, simple and fun!
A good course to start with matlab.
Great course. Learnt a lot from it.
Good course for matlab introduction
good examples and really impressive
Awesome course with great Examples
very good assignments and lectures
This course is exceptionally good.
Very much interested for beginners
Great introduction to MATLAB world
it was really nice learning matlab
its great to learn matlab fro here
Excellent. Thank you for Coursera.
Very helpful! Thank you very much!
Good course to learn about MATLAB.
Graeat course to start with MATLAB
learnt many new things very useful
Best MATLAB course on the internet
It's easy to understand and learn.
It is a great introductory course!
Thanks It's a very useful course.
User-friendly learning experience!
Thank you for that amazing course!
Great course! highly recommended.
it was awesome learning with Mike
GREAT COURSE FOR MATLAB BEGINNERS
how can i download my certificate
good MOOC for beginners in matlab
Great course, By Great Instructor
Great beginner course, thank you!
Exceptional course for beginners.
It was a nice leaning experience.
clearly helped me to learn matlab
it very nice course for beginners
really awesome and worth learning
Best course for matlanb begineers
Excellent course for beginners !!
really helpful to gain knowledge.
it is a very interesting course.
I absolutely enjoyed the course.
From basic to advanced a journey
this course is best for biggners
Very good and practical course..
assignment problems were great!!
Very useful this course our life
Awesome course ,really liked it.
Great course! Awesome Exercises!
great course for learning MATLAB
Very good and informative course
Best course for study of MATLAB.
Great course for beginner level.
Clean and clear concept delivery
very useful course, thanks a lot
Very good text and explanations.
Thanks for the wonderful course!
Thanks a lot team! Helped a lot!
They made this matlab look easy.
course for learning programming.
Excellent!Loved it.Learnt a lot.
Best MATLAB course for beginners
thanks for this valuable course
Outstanding Course presentation
very good course. thank you sir
Excellent course for beginners.
It was a nice journey with you.
Very interesting and well done!
exceptional learning experience
nice and  very easily explained
helps in fast and easy learning
Best course for Matlab learners
Extremely useful course for me.
its very easy to learn matlab ,
best course for learning basics
Interesting and exciting course
Very Well Taught and Supportive
Great Course, really well done!
A good for beginners In MATLAB.
It was very useful. Thank you!
Great teacher and great course
It was a knowledge able course
The excellent course in MATLAB
Thank you for the good course.
Course is useful for beginners
A Very good programming course
Good course, very informative!
enjoyed the nectar of learning
EXCELLENT COURSE FOR BEGINNERS
Best way to start with MATLAB.
Good way of teaching. :) :) :)
Amazing course for beginners!!
learned a lot from assignments
Excellent teaching Faculty....
Complete and incredible course
BEST TEACHING I HAVE EVER SEEN
Thank you for a new knowledge
I found it very very helpful.
great course. thanks so much.
Good course. Taught very well
Great way to teach the course
perfect for engineering grads
very foundamental yet useful!
Thanks for giving this course
Very Effective. Thank You sir
Excellent Teaching by experts
Quite a good experience i had
great course... matlab a to z
It was really Good!!! Thanks.
Exceptional beginner course..
fundamental but very usefull!
nice course very informative
Saved me from matlab basics.
very nice and useful for all
The course was really great.
nice course thank u coursera
Ablsolutely wonderful course
The course was really great.
I m glad I took this course.
Awesome course , learn a lot
Very nicely organized course
It was a amazing experience.
Thanks a lot for everything!
Best site to learn anything.
It was very exciting course.
Love the way of teaching !!!
very useful for ML learners!
intresting..thank u coursera
Very good and challenging!!!
Very interesting + well made
5 star for this great course
amazing. very comprehensive
Love to learn from coursera
Teaching was just awesome!!
Course is very informative.
Best instructor, that's all
Good course for a beginning
Excellent Teaching!!!!!!!!!
Very good for beginners' :)
Amazinng learning experince
I learned a lot from basic.
it was a great experience!!
It was pretty much helpful.
It's very clear and usefull
Great easy to follow course
This course helps me a lot
Very nice concept clearing
Very clear, good contents.
Very helpful Matlab course
Thank you so much dear sir
Good course for new comers
assignments were excellent
Absolutely amazing course!
it's a very useful course.
loved to learn this course
it was fun learning Matlab
I learned easily thankyou!
The instructor is amazing!
Thanks I've learned a lot.
The instructor is so cute!
pretty good. Learned a lot
learned a lot!! THANKS :)
Instructor was fantastic!
very good quality course.
good for building basics.
very very awesome course.
very practical and useful
Thanks a lot for the help
Awesome course on MATLAB!
very good course to learn
good introductory course!
Good job with the course
great course of all time
Great Course. I like it.
Very nicely structured!!
This Course is Very Nice
It was great relly great
very informative course!
Simple and easy to learn
teacher is very humorous
Really like this course.
great introduction video
great videos and support
Best course I ever found
it was very good course
Truly an amazing course
it was excellent course
very satisfying courses
Nice Course , i like it
More Informative Course
WOW IT WAS GREAT COURSE
Awesome MATLAB learning
Excellant for brgineers
It improves your skills
Good and needful course
Really very good course
Easy and user friendly
Great. Love the tutors
Very good. So helpful.
it helped me sooo much
outstanding course!!!1
best course for matlab
Brilliantly conceived!
Teacher is super cute.
This course was great!
Really a great course.
I like the assignments
Great course - thanks!
Its very good course.
it's good programming
ALL ARE GOOD CONTENT.
Great teaching style.
i learn something new
Great. easy to follow
Great for first year.
Very good assignments
wonderful professor!
This is Great course
Very much productive
Very good the course
very much effective.
Tough tough tough...
Best Matlab intro!!
wonderful course...
Thank you Mathworks
Is really very good
great and inspiring
Very well designed
I LIKE  THIS COURS
Good Explanations!
nice and effective
Good length course
Very gud course...
I learned a lot!!!
It's just amazing!
hard but rewarding
It was terrfica!
it was incredible
Its sooo useful
Very good for me!
very clear course
Very tough course
Awesome teaching!
very practical !!
Helped me a lot.
thanks a lot !!!
it's really best
I'm really happy
finalassignment
Aawesome course
a great course!
Fantastic Class
Best professor.
great to learn
awsome coursre
worth the time
Simply osm
Nice and Neat!
Well produced!
helped me lot
good course..
it's helpfull
great class!
its a useful
For everyone
Very useful~
satisfacted
Cool medium
best of all
Good start!
intersting
Coool!
