Nothing "innovative" or new in this course. Don't expect academic rigor.The professors essentially delivered the content in ways they said NOT to deliver content (stand in front of a boring visual and talk AT your class; have students do discussion questions). I found myself skipping the videos and only reading the transcripts. It was quicker and made me realize there was nothing in any of the videos that made video a preferred medium to deliver content. Why sit through 5-15 minutes of someone talking/reading their notes when I could read the page and get more from it? What a waste.Beyond that, the peer grading of assignments was foolish. Some of the grades/feedback I got from peers showed they did not actually read my full response or pay attention to the question asked of us. One person even said it seemed I hadn't watched the video--even though I quoted directly from the video and responded to it. In a different assignment I brought in relevant links and details that I have found/used/learned in my work as a college professor already versed in digital learning, but my classmates gave me a failing grade. When I revised my assignment to only reference Wikipedia instead, it got a full score. Baffling. My only take-away from this course is how NOT to do an online course.
An overview of basic best practices in education with the repeated thesis that "today's technology" enables such practices to occur to a greater extent. Lack of depth in concepts and very few concrete tools or "innovative" approaches to be utilized. If you think "e-learning ecologies" will specifically address topics and problems related to online and blended learning, you will be disappointed.
The videos are incredibly dull - talking heads and not very animated ones, either.  I just read the transcripts instead, and other than learning a bunch of ridiculous jargon, I can honestly say, I learned nothing. The peer grading was silly. One assignment I was tasked to grade was a link to a video that had nothing to do with the class. The grades I was given by my classmates were useless with no comments other than 'interesting'. I wondered if anyone had read them. Ugh.
not useful
The content was quite interesting. I felt the value that
the instructors and Illinois brought to this topic. The dual format (Scholar and Coursera) approach was confusing.I did not get the sense of community with this course.  Not sure how many were enrolled but there was very little contact.There was no current content provided by the instructor during the run of the course. (on autopilot?)In a course on
eLearning I expected much more facile, innovative and creative delivery. The
experience felt very much like MOOC v.1 I also felt there was too much self-emphasis
placed on the Scholar format - as if the instructors were using the content to tout
and promote the format. It felt disingenuous. Rigor and assessment were very
light - which is good or bad depending on your expectations.As
with any format like this, you get more out of it if you put more in.  Why is this response set up to be center justified?
This course had AMAZING content. The information in the videos was enough to keep me thinking about Instructional Design for a long time. I knocked it down a star, though, because:1. The Scholar and Coursera thing, though, it worked OK, was a little weird. I get that you want to funnel students into your platform, but it was still a little weird. That being said, it worked pretty smoothly.2. I LITERALLY found about a dozen or so "updates" in a row that were directly plagiarized. I worked hard and thought hard about mine. I was proud of the ~300 words I wrote for each of them. It was a dispiriting experience to realize that many of the people in this class are probably getting by with just copying content. That blemishes the whole class for me. Please deal with this.Otherwise, the content is fantastic. Feel free to contact me to discuss bullet point 2 if you'd like. thanks, peter
Overall, it was an interesting course that touched upon various learning/teaching strategies. The course is relevant in the present times of digital transformation sweeping the globe. As responsible citizens, we need to keep reinventing the wheel when it comes our learning and teaching mindset. In this respect, this course has been a catalyst to nudge us to think and expand our cognitive horizons. Thank you!
I really enjoyed the course and its content, especially the opportunity to do independent research and writing.  I will be using what I learned in my next job, and I believe it's given me some great tools for how to think about eLearning.  I wish there had been more assigned/suggested readings for each section of the course, though I did appreciate the chance to follow my interests and read accordingly.
The course provided a good round-up on how learning environments are changing and on which means teachers have at disposal to provide state-of-the-art education in the digital age. Weekly assignments and peer reviews help to reflect and apply the concepts of modern learning environments. Still, it gets sometimes a bit monotonous because the assignment tasks are always the same.
The course itself is superb and the teachers are great. But the online facilities, specifically the submission of peer-reviewed assignments are problematic. Overall. the course is highly recommended for those who are in the field of education.
The course accomplished my objective--giving me new ideas on which to think about and consider. I wish there were a bit more examples or simulations to show effective methods of applying these approaches in a virtual ecology.
An effective course for all those working as teachers, eLearning content creators, instructional designers and allied stake holders. It gives an innovative approach to think with latest affordances of eLearning.
Great content regarding online learning environments. More oversight of participants needed, especially regarding posted assignments (plagiarism) and peer reviews (arbitrary grading).
A good general survey of instruction and incorporating digital technologies.  I enjoyed the course but did not particularly care for the assignments that were redundant.
Very practical course. some concepts are a little difficult to grasp at first, but once I understood, i could see how powerful these knowledge are when applied.
Interesting framework and course set up. As someone who is looking to optimize his learning process, this has been valuable to me.
Thanks for this great course! It was very interesting and informative, and I learned a lot about e-learning.
Excellent start for passionate educators - those who want to make a difference in education systems
Wonderful approaches in E-learning were shared among the particiapnts.
The tasks sometimes were difficult to understand and develop.
Interesting overview.
Very interesting...
This course is fantastic! I started with a level of expectation that was quickly overwhelmed and I finished got achieving much more. This extens content gave me valuable insights and a large spectrum of issues to research and learn about from now. I'm thankful to Prof. Bill Cope and Prof. Mary Kalantzis for this great course that I certainly recommend.
almost everything were good enough to learn about elearning ecology.but sometimes it was very hard to get a score from peers, though i had already uploaded the assignment
At an age when all the formal learning is moving online, it's essential to understand how to make the most of digital technologies in education (and not replicate the outdated practices that are already out there). This course helps you do this AND MORE. The contents are highly relevant and the course design is brilliant. I walk away with a clearer understanding of how to teach better in an online environment and with input from other course participants, I have been inspired by many of their ideas, on top of the research from the two experts teaching this course. 100% satisfied!
A logically arranged course offering a cogent, insightful creative vision of learning in a time of emerging digital affordances. The course is interesting and worthwhile to take, beyond any shadow of a doubt. Highly recommended for anyone interested in teaching and learning in the 21st century, particularly e-learning, which increasingly intrudes on and mixes with "face to face" teaching and learning, as we harness the tools and media now available relatively easily, cheaply and ubiquitously. This MOOC . provides a good framework for thinking about the near future in 2017. If you take the course for a certificate or if you are considering using this course as an entree into the Champaign-Urbana graduate program, be aware that not all students take the peer review process seriously and that you may need to do one or more of the four peer-assessed tasks more than once to earn your certificate if one or more of your peers evaluates your work as inadequate or substandard, whether fairly or unfairly. In my view, for the most part, if you invest in the course and take it seriously, you will benefit significantly and gain new perspectives and skills. Not a perfect course, but it is engaging, informative, visionary and extremely well constructed.
This course is designed
primarily for every teacher
or learner to understand the innovative approaches to teaching and
learning.  The best part of it is that you will learn and review your work
of peers and you need to submit your work early to get your grades
faster.  This course has honed my research skills and the ability to
perform better in this course which was quite evident at the end of this
course.  A satisfaction of gaining a new approach to knowledge-making with
a certificate, indeed.  Thanks to Dr. William Cope and Dr. Mary Kalantzis for sharing
their knowledge with us.  Cheers :)
With our university closing its doors due to the pandemic, as professors we have all been scrambling to figure out how to switch to remote instruction.  Many of my colleagues are hyperfocused on which webcam to use or how to get the best audio for their lectures.  Instead I asked, "How can I take advantage of this disruption to figure out how to truly teach this new generation?"  This class has given me the answers I've been seeking.  I'll never go back to my old way of teaching again, even after the pandemic ends.
Fantastic course! The ideas are not new, but considering how the lecturers link what is known in education to be essential pedagogical approaching to new technology in order to improve student learning, I believe this is one of the most essential courses teachers and educational leaders need to take to hep prepare themselves for the needed changes in education
The video lectures covered concepts that were immediately applicable to my career as a high school teacher and community college instructor. I found imagination was sparked with new ideas for lessons and new approaches to classroom practices. If you care about student experience and systemic change in education, I do believe this course is worth completing.
An interesting approach on how current teaching technologies can serve both to repeat "more of the same" or to create a new opportunity to revolutionize teaching pedagogy. This course is a great opportunity for teachers who want to start getting used to using digital tools in teaching - a trend that is apparently guaranteed for the future of education.
I really enjoy learning this online course. It's my first time taking an entirely online course. Through this course, I learn lots of valuable new educational concepts that open my mind and benefit me in my future career. I love the online class community where I could meet global professionals who have the same passion as me. Thank you, Coursera.
This course challenged me to think about my apprehensions on e-Learning. In the past 4 weeks, I went through a process of unlearning, relearning, and learning. Though I still prefer face to face classes, I’m confident with the opportunities that e-Learning brings to our students. Thanks to Dr Bill Cope, Dr Mary Kalantzis, and their team!
It was wonderful to attend and complete this course. Lectures and learning from Dr Bill and Dr Mary were very effective, useful and insightful. The concept of e-Learning Ecologies: Innovative Approaches to Teaching and Learning for the Digital Age and learning of eLearning Affordances are really useful and worth knowing.
Using affordance approach, the tutors introduce us to the e-learning ecologies. Found it interesting and obtained many takeaways from the course. I am not from education, therefore in order to do the assignments, I needed to read many papers in education and digital learning.
This is an amazing course. I have found super interesting ideas and a totally new approach to use technology as a learning tool not only for my students but for myself too.If you are interested in education, if you have kids or are an educator this is a must to do course.
Thank you to my instructor's for all the support. For moving ahead kindly include stem based courses for educators of primary level classes, as it is the trend now in schools and very essential for all teachers gain knowledge in this field.Thank you once again.
Taking this course has been a very thoughtful and also mind opening experience to me. I really liked the discussion around the 7 affordances which is a solid and forward looking framework to help us undertstand what really is education in the digital age.
I have worked in education for 13 year. I have had a lot of experience working with digital tools. This course was absolutely fantastic, with high academic quality. I loved it so much Im going to take more courses from this University and Department.
Excellent course, the lectures videos were very well done and were thoroughly engaging. I'm going to do more courses with the University of Illinois, I learnt a lot.More assessed tasks/quizzes would be better, though.
This course is Amazing. The learning opportunity helps me to become more EQUIPT with the necessary information and practices that I need to be more effective in my work. Thank you so much.
This course was very interesting and thought provoking. I would certainly recommend for any teacher that is now trying to work with their students from within an online forum. Thank you!!!
Great
course ! It will definitely change my way of teaching for blended classes or
even for face-to-face classes. Thanks a lot to Bill and Maria and everyone of the
staff of this MOOC ! 😊
I appreciated the well-organized format and overall the way the course was designed.  Particularly the opportunity to choose our own areas of focus for assignments to learn more.
The course is enriched with innovative approaches that will help educators in teaching and learning.  It also share the new educational tools in approach to e-learning setting.
This is a wonderful course which gives complete insight on how to evolve in the digital ecology and  be prepared for the future. Thanks to the knowledgeable professors.
It was refreshing to know and learn about the path breaking concepts in Teaching and Learning. The course is a must for all digital age aspiring teachers and educators.
very interesting course which gives a lot of methodology but more important offers the opportunity to think differently and to get inspired. truely recomend!
It is a very complete course, with multiple resources and relevant information, not only for school settings, but for many more. Highly recommended
Very interesting- the next stage would be to understand some o fthe fundamentals of course design that allow the affordances to take shape.
Excellent content. One of a few courses where I actually took notes while watching the lectures and downloaded and saved all materials.
This course was well packages with hands on activities that were engaging. I really enjoyed taking the course and I have learnt a lot.
This course was eye-opening and inspiring. If my financial situation allowed, I would enroll ina masters program immediately.
I learned significant new knowledge and new insights into the eLearning ecologies eapecially the 7 affordancesof eLearning.
Beautifully organized and carefully planned course.  Lots of insights and new ideas will be with you once you complete it.
The course is amazing. It gives you a good grasp on how e-learning can be used to better apply existing learning concepts.
A great course with interesting content, organized structure, and wonderful instruction and explanations.
Great course and I do recommend it for all educators and learning professionals. Thank you very much.
Many insights for the learner of the future and the methodologies available to get there. Excellent!
Great framework for thinking about the types of educational experiences that technology enables.
very informative and modern concepts in e-learning has been discussed which was interesting
Provides educators with a wide perspective of how to approach teaching and learning
If you want to reflect on the revolutionary potential of e-learning do this course!
An extraordinary course in a time when e-Learning has become of great relevance.
Thank you very much for the helpful information I got, I hope for more progress
I learned so much in this course, and know that I will be a better instructor.
Thanks for the wonderful opportunity to learn more on e-learning ecologies.
so interesting, multi-layered and stimulating. As somebody not in the
The content of the course is satisfying. I recommend it.
I love to learn such topics in future as well
Good interpretation, logic reason
The course content was relevant.
Great course - very informative!
wonderful inspirational course
Eye opener for any teacher!!
