My opinion is
influenced by my professional experience as a classroom teacher, that
utilizes the Flip model and other non-traditional instructional
practices.  In teacher professional development we talk a lot about
“best practices” and how best to reach our students, and this
class just fails miserably in achieving “best practices”.

As a teacher, I’m
not completely ignorant when it comes to the content of this course. 
Weeks 3 and 4 covered content I am familiar with and/or have received
specialized training concerning those topics.  Weeks 1 and 2 were
largely new information and really just provided me with vocabulary
and structured thinking to many things that I do already.  Returning
to “best practices”, the entire course simply fails to
demonstrate the concepts it is teaching.  Using Gagne’s Nine Events
of Instruction, the instructors have failed to gain the attention of
their audience, and they fail to recognize the impact of their
presentation style on the attitudes – specifically motivation and
engagement – of the audience.  


I would like to
share a few recommendations with you.  First, the instructional video
format.  A rule with instructional videos is that you can expect
about 1 minute of attention for every grade level.  So for a 9th
grader, don’t make your videos longer than about 9 minutes.  There
is a point of diminishing returns.  Keep your videos short.  A thirty-minute instructional video is a bad idea in general.  Break the video
into multiple parts to make it “digestible”, and not overload the
learner.  The “talking heads” format that is utilized is not
engaging.  The slides have too much text; if the learner has to read
the slides, then they aren’t listening to you.  None of the
presenters are engaging in personality or delivery.  Dr. Huang may be
an expert in this field, but his videos are long, his voice is
monotone, and he just doesn’t have a presence on screen.  Nothing
about any of the presenters’ deliveries makes learning in
this course exciting.  


Required reading in
this course needs to be altered.  I could have purchased a book on
Amazon for $20 that covered the same content in fewer pages and
would focus more on practicality than straight up theory.  The week 3
required reading was “unreadable”.  You could get the same result
of your required readings by just giving students a bullet list of
topics and having them do their own Google Search of terms.  That
would at least be active learning.  


Assessment design in
this course is poor.  The discussion prompts in videos are a waste of
time as every student creates their own thread in the discussion
forum and there is no incentive to dig through responses to get other
people’s opinions or views because it is not referenced directly in
the summative assessments.  Question design in the quizzes should be
changed as well.  Multiple choice questions are one thing, but
multiple choice-multiple answer questions are cruel.  The later
quizzes are extremely difficult because of this as phrasing and
structuring of answers is not referenced directly from the videos. 
This requires content fluency from the learner that has not been
practiced, developed or assessed prior to this quiz, so the learner
is left guessing and hoping.  Thankfully, there are essentially
unlimited retakes.  


THIS IS REALLY
IMPORTANT.  At the beginning of the course it is stated that this
course is part of the MicroMasters program.  According to the course
listing for that program on CoursEra….it’s not.  


I WOULD STRONGLY
RECOMMEND using a couple of case studies that are introduced at the
beginning of the course and are examined throughout the course as
topics and methods are discussed.  Draw parallels; point out possible
errors; DEMONSTRATE what you are talking about.  


As a teacher, I
always strive for student engagement.  This is even discussed during
the course, attitude/motivation has a big influence on the success of
the learning experience.  Make the course more engaging.  Right now I
don’t plan to continue the MicroMasters program because the
experience thus far has been a soul-sucking/motivation-draining
experience AND I’m not convinced the instructors can provide me
with any information, methods, etc., that I’m not already familiar
with that will improve my skills in the development, implementation,
and evaluation of my learning resources.
I would give this course zero stars if i could. The presentation style of some of the presenters was incredibly monotonous, the visual style was at the cost of clarity and retention, the content was repeated across each week, the MCQs were an absolute horror show, scavenging for answers that didn't exist rather than actually learning...the irony of an instructional design course being this badly designed is outrageous! Seriously people, you need to go back to the drawing board with this one. This is by far the worst online course i have ever completed. I dont understand how people are giving this positive reviews. The one positive thing i can offer, it does help you pick up key words and descriptions for the field of ID, outside of that avoid like the plague.
I expected more from the course. I want to understand the process of translating a Face-to-face course to an online learning environment. Also a bit more dynamism in the lectures would help a lot. It is too theoretical. I love theory but lets not forget the application. Nonetheless, thank you for the course.
I do not recommend this course. It is monotone, and full of irrelevant information that will not be used in the field. Even the useful information is merely statements without examples of how to incorporate it into your daily instructional design.
Quizzes seem designed to frustrate, not reinforce material.  Questions with multiple answers should not be weighted the same as single answer questions.
Really boring to be hosted by people who specialize in ID.
not the course I wanted
While the information is comprehensive and certainly very useful, the delivery method of talking heads, power point slides, and online reading material in this course is very stagnant.
I find that the content of this course is relevant to the career and it does, in fact, gives the audience a good idea of what to expect from a career as Instructional Designer. However, the way the course was instructed did not meet my expectations.Firstly, content is recited over the videos, this means, students are to sit watching a video of an instructor that talks about complex subjects in a monochrome tone of voice, with the exception of 2-3 speakers. Reciting a content leaves no room for the audience to interpret the subjects, but to learn by heart what was said leading to no motivation from the audience. Secondly, this way of "teaching" made quizzes extremely, not to mention unnecessarily, complex for the answers needed to be a copy/paste from the lessons, changing one word could lead to an incorrect answer. Thirdly, why not providing the right answers after succeeding a test, how are we supposed to know the right answers of those questions we did not get right?. Not to talk about the various technical issues, like running out of quiz attempts after using only 2 chances making you hand in the assignments late, marking right answers wrong even when you had a screen shot of the exact words from the video lessons, finding out that your first answers were correct after 8 attempts. Not being able to interact with the instructors when in doubt or in need of clarification.Overall, sadly, I did not have a good experience doing this course; therefore, I would not recommend. I enrolled in the course to have a better understanding of what the career was before going through admissions for a diploma degree. Now I come to realize that paying for this course was not necessary for completing the certificate did not change the outcome. I could have just followed the course without the hazard of completing the assignments, that would have been enough.
I feel this course would have been much better if the history portion at the beginning were removed and replaced with some real-life examples and dig deeper into the application of these concepts.
In general, I believe the course was very good and helpful
to understanding instructional design. I appreciate the short and reasonable assignments
and class length. The content was very interesting and encouraged me so much
that I had considered more course work with Coursera and even with the
University of Illinois Master Track program. Until week four! The final week culminated
in fifteen retakes of the quiz and bought me to a significant level of
frustration. I will use question two as an example; “Learning goals should…(Please
check all that apply): 1) Focus on the big picture of knowledge gain, skill
development and ability/attitude change, 2) Address a performance/learning
problem directly, 3) Describe the problem and gap broadly so it can be flexible
depending on strategy and the types of learning environment, 4) Describe what the
learners will be able to do after instruction.” 
The detailed notes and my previous training background gave a level of
confidence I would be able to answer correctly. I chose the first two
responses: “Focus on the big picture of knowledge gain, skill development and
ability/attitude change” and “address a performance/learning problem directly.”  These two answers were clearly defined in
part one video of week four. However, the question was marked wrong! I began to
work all the options of answers to get the question correct and for fourteen
tries I was still wrong. I did not ever select the last of the four answers
since I knew that answer referred to learning objectives and not
learning goals. In week four, part three beginning at the twentieth
sentence of the video lecture, Professor states, “Learning objectives are the
statements describing what learners will be able to do after the instruction.”
However, the only way for me to receive a correct answer for this question was
to include the fourth answer which is CLEARLY WRONG!! It is not part of the definition
of learning goals as outlined in the course. SO FRUSTRATING. Not only would I
continue taking the quiz every eight hours for the rest of my life, there is no
way to resolve such an issue or opportunity to debate. Part of instructional
design is to understand the end user experience and it would do the staff good to
see things from the student perspective. My constructive criticism of the course
continues with:1.      
The above mentioned issue with quizzes having
incorrect content, specifically week 4, question 2. 2.      
The quiz feedback is inaccurate and inadequate. 3.      
No resolution or ability to resolve questions of
content. My effort to highlight this issue in the discussion help form went to
never-never land.4.      
Only peer feedback and no instruction
participation. I had a peer review that accused me of plagiarism with no proof
or specific feedback. She simply stated it looked like “it was copy and paste.”
Absolutely false and infuriating. The course relies too heavily on peer
feedback. There should be other forms of feedback.5.      
The course does not complete the ADDIE design
model. There could have been one module to summarize the remaining parts of the
model after Analysis.
Overall, the course has a significant amount of useful information, BUT it is VERY POORLY DESIGNED, which is an unpleasant surprise since the course is about Instructional Design: Lectures: a) Using many different lecturers deprives the course of consistency because students have to adjust to each lecturer's style of talking and pronunciation.b) Switching back and forth from lecturers to PowerPoints does not help to concentrate on the lectures.c) Lectures that are longer than 15 minutes are very hard for students to keep their focuson.Suggestions: make lectures shorter, have one, two at most, lecturers; have a lecturer view start and end the video, and have narrated PowerPoints in between. Assessments:a) Quizzes - different numbers of questions in each quiz and time sensitiveness in some quizzes bring chaos in the learning process; students have to guess their instructors' exact thoughts - the Week 4 quiz is especially poorly designed. Suggestions: have the same number of questions for each quiz throughout the course; time all or do not do it at all; make the answers clear and easily derivable from course resources. b) Written Assignments - grading through peer reviews is a nightmare, heavily based on a subjective point of view. Suggestions: remove the grading portion from peer reviews and leave only the feedback comments required.Demand Hours:a) Weekly demand hours are unbalanced - one week is heavier than another which is not helpful for students to plan their learning time.b) Reading rates are ridiculous: 10 minutes are given to read 12 pages of scholarly reading while in reality, it can take about an hour (undergrad - 11 pp/hour, grad - 13pp/hour)Suggestions: Balance weekly demand hours and put in feasible reading rates. I work as an Instructional Designer in a University, and if this course is well-designed, I would consider taking the suggested MasterTrack. But since this course was designed so poorly, it became an anti-advertisement for me about the University, which offered it, and Coursera platform as a whole. The level of frustration I got from taking this course overpowered all of the useful knowledge that I acquired from it. I do not think I am going to take another course neither from the University of Illinois nor on Coursera platform in the near future. I rate the course TWO out of FIVE and only for the useful theoretical information that has been presented in videos and readings.
Course was very demoralizing, and does not showcase the principles it teaches about Instructional Design. It comes off as a very lazy presentation with minimum effort. 
On the positive, I did learn a lot that I had not known before, and there is a lot of general information given about Instructional Design. However, any pluses on the content is ruined from the learning experience as a whole. 

The videos are 'talking heads' with the instructor speaking to the camera 90% of the time with a few PowerPoint slides in between. Very little visual stimulation presentation to otherwise to engage the learner. Scripts were not edited to ensure content matched the speaker. Videos often leaned toward the 20-25 min. mark for length, and some modules had 8 videos to review, making it very drudgery to complete.Many quiz questions were often ambiguous and ill-worded, and paired with a 'select all that apply' approach made them confusing with potential for multiple interpretations that could be applicable. Test feedback was little and unhelpful. References to videos for answers were sometimes wrong. Completing the quizzes turned into a means to an end, rather than verifying learned info and comprehension.Peer-reviewed assignments are graded by a single person, making the pass/fail grade subjective and dependent upon that person's interpretation of the assignment and course content. This creates a lot of instability and greater potential for fail rates, whereas other Coursera courses have used 3 reviewers to create a stable grading consensus. Reviews required evaluation on grammar and spelling, despite the instructions specifically telling students not to do so.There's a lot of room for improvement.
The readings were the most useful part of this course.  The videos were difficult to follow, and quite
frankly, very boring, due to poor delivery. I felt that the essential learning points could have been taught in much
more concise and more structured video lectures. It would have been easier for
me to work through the content with slides using text only, with no speech.  The video transcripts were not accurate. The quizzes often contained elements that were not covered
in either the lectures or the readings. Sometimes the wording of the quizzes was
ambiguous, so it was not clear why the correct answer was the correct answer. For
the final week 4 quiz, I had to retake the quiz about 8 times due to being
unable to work out the correct answer for 2 out of the 8 questions. In the end,
I just guessed until I got the right answer. I have no idea why the guess was
correct. While I learnt a lot, 
this learning came from the readings and not from the video content.
While the professors were knowledgable about instructional design, they failed to utilize that knowledge in designing the course. Poorly edited videos, basic quizzes that only assess a narrow range of information recall, a lack of academic rigor, and to be frank, poor MOOC design betrays the founding principles the course is attempting to teach us. I expect a lot more from an instructional design course, and it has seriously put me off of the University of Illinois as a choice for my Ph.D. in ID. My advice to the course creators is to practice what you preach.
The content is great, although some of the lecturers could be more engaging.Moving forward, perhaps the institution could make the quizzes/homework accessible to those who only availed of the free course.  I completely understand the necessity of the 'paywall', but perhaps they could follow the model of some other Coursera offerings, where all the material is available for free but you have to pay for any certification--I feel that is a good way in the future.  Thanks.
I learned a lot of concepts, took copious notes but end of the day, I don't think this is a good course as an ID foundation.  There could be more practical aspects to allow learners to internalise the concepts and more attempts to break down the chunks of information rather than a dumpster to throw out all the concepts at once.
Although the course provides relevant information, it was extremely slow and wasn't engaging. I found it hard to pay attention to just videos being played the whole time.
Disappointing. Too much about Instructional Design history, not enough about how to actually design courses.
The assessments were really very tough .
I enjoyed the readings but felt that there could be more case studies and application based stuff because there was a lot of theory in it. Which is why the assignments were hard as questions had content which was sometimes not mentioned even briefly in the video. Considering it as a course in ID, I did expect more variations and more resources to read. Sometimes the narrators tone became monotonous. Further I struggled a lot with Quiz 4 and found the content to be highly disconnected from it. The quiz had a few application based questions, particularly question 3 and 5 which were too difficult had not reference in the video and no readings were assigned for the that week. Also It would be nice if instructors were more responsive to individual posts than just big threads, as my doubts were not responded to. More interaction with instructors through a message tool or any other way will make the course more enriching.
Quite an intensive online course. Insightful as a good foundation to Instructional Design  Overall i will rate the course 3.5 out of 5. It was quite heavy on theory; typical of a school course, with all of the journal readings, but practical real life scenarios and best practice ideologies would have been great to aid learning and engagement. For example having an Instructional Designer at a company teach one of the modules or run us through one of his past projects, So we get a feel of what a real life project is like, straight from the horses mouth.Also the quizzes- The point isn't just to score 80% as a pass grade for the quiz. The quiz is to aid learning and ensure the participants can recall what has been taught.Firstly, when attempting the quiz more than once it will be good to show the correct options to the answers the learner got right, and not make them attempt answering those right questions again. Let the answers to the right options be visible. Looking at them over and over will aid learning.Also, after scoring the pass mark of 80 let the participant know the answers to the failed options. The point isn't just to score grades to pass, but for learning.
The video instruction was very monotone at times. The course work at the end (assignments) are purely peer-rated not really giving insight into improvements on the course, as all the peers are doing the same course. This makes me question the credibility of the course, as part of your result is dependent on another student's interpretation of your work.
After finishing it I feel that as a standalone course it really doesn't cover enough content to be a benefit. It doesn't finish at a natural pause in topics, but rather feels as if it ends while you are still partway through.  As it is part of a mastertrack certificate, I guess it really only makes sense to do the course if you are planning to complete the whole certificate.
The instructors weren't interesting to listen to. I expected better curriculum since the class is Instructional Design. The male teacher mumbled a lot so I'm very glad there was a transcript. It was a good course to get a small grasp of what ID is. I definitely will need to take more courses to actually learn more valuable information.
This is an efficient, convenient way to learn the Instructional Design Foundations and Applications. However, there is no interaction with any of the instructors. The course offers very little practice or ability to apply what you learn. If you enjoy watching videos and reading, this course is ideal for you!
This course is packed with information.  It can be hard to digest in the format presented.  Please note that many of the professors are skilled but have very thick accents and the transcripts are often inadequate to get the point across.
Really enjoyed the sessions with Grace especially. This was an interesting course considering that I am a Design Educator. I will be able to implement what I have learned in my teaching skills
too much theory., while instructional design is all about practice. The course needs more examples and case studies. Also, the multiple choice tests need improvements
While I have learned from this course, I'm afraid that I have to agree with some of the reviews: its design could stand to be further enhanced—something of an irony, given that it deals with instructional design. The videos are far too long and too unvaried to be engaging or memorable. The "talking head" format of the videos adds little value; I suspect that providing the lessons in the form of slide presentations that students could work through on their own would have been just as, if not more, effective. Creating smaller chunks of content would also make everything more manageable.With regard to the assessments, I wish that I could have gotten feedback from the instructors on the assignments. While I understand the place of peer feedback in all kinds of learning, the fact of the matter is that neither my peers nor I are the subject-matter experts. Moreover, I found the quizzes a bit frustrating, because they contemplate only very thin slices of the substantial content that students are expected to have thoroughly digested beforehand.Finally, the videos make reference to a Master Track Certificate, which I understand can no longer be earned by taking this particular course. In that sense, the videos are outdated.
I really appreciated the course. It was well organized, with solid 
information. However, leaving one of the essay assignments to be graded 
by one person, rather than multiple people to find an average score, 
might need to be fixed - as that one person might have mis-read or 
mis-understood the essay. I have taken several other Coursera courses, 
and this is the first course where one other student can determine 20% 
of the grade, rather than having multiple peer graders and finding an 
average.  Also, some of the quiz questions are vaguely worded. Some quiz questions are unnecessarily complex and unevenly loaded (e.g. loading a question with five or nine different choices and asking "select all that apply" so that even if four or eight
 correct responses are chosen, the entire question is marked incorrect 
because of one out of nine choices) versus questions that have the 
simple choice of false or true.
This course is very good overall. I found this, my first course in instructional design (ID), doable after many hours of reading, listening to videos, googling, and You-Tubing (and repeating). I learned quite a bit about the history of ID, learning theories, styles, and domains, the various ID Models and analyses, and about writing goals and objectives. I liked the organization of the course and the teaching methods. I also liked the projects but didn't care much for the grading process for these writing assignments---peer grading is extremely subjective---but it worked out okay.
Good introduction to the Instructional Design field... BUT ironically, for an online class about instructional design, I don't think it's efficiently designed : quizzes don't allow to see answers which doesn't leave room for more learning, one of the instructors made me want to fall asleep with his monotonous voice and the way he would just name abstract concepts without any clear explanation, and in general the lack of real-life references to bring theory and practice together.I did learn a lot but I was expecting more!
As a newcomer to Instructional Design, I got a long drink from the firehose of this field. It is vast. I think the course did a reasonable job of conveying the concepts. But the quizzes, though convenient for a MOOC, are easily gamed and not the best way to help learners gain mastery of the course materials.  Getting feedback on written assignments exclusively from student peers is not that helpful and most likely a poor substitute for the expertise of certified Instructional Design professors.
It was a good course. Content is interesting for anyone who wants to start understanding how IDs work and what their concerns are. I did not like the long videos. I also didn't like the teachers with a monotonic tone of voice, same position, same layout, same colors on slides ... In this sense, video typescripts were very helpful. Quiz 3 deserves a review, there are questions that can be better elaborated. I appreciate the opportunity offered by UofI.
The course provides good base-level information about Instructional Design. That said, the quizzes for each module are overly complicated, not focusing on core knowledge, and the correct responses are never revealed. Some of the instructors are also very 'dry' and 'boring'. This is a decent choice to gain entry-level knowledge in one place though. Good luck.
The course by itself is pretty good but as for the quiz on the last week (Week 4), questions 3 & 8 could use some tweaking. Or the answers provided by the learner in quiz could be made visible after completion of the quiz so the learner doesn't have to go through multiple attempts in order to find the same two answers over and over again
I think it is a very interesting course that gives the learner fundamental information on Instructional Design. The material is comprehensive. Yet, I believe that some concepts could use more examples to be fully understood. Also, as far as quizzes are concerned, i  suggest you provide learners with feedback. Thanks !
Overall, I liked the course and I enjoyed the most videos about Instructional Design in a higher educational institution!However, some of the quizzes were very confusing and I did not like "Please, select all that apply" questions at all.
the subject is really interesting but a bit too theoretical. Some of the videos were really hard to follow due to the tone of the speaker. Overall great for fistcomers in the field
It's interesting and I have learnt a lot. I would be great if a couple of videos could be more dynamic, sometimes the voice and facial language were really boring.
Content is excellent and the way it is presented as well. The writing assignments contributed to my understanding and development, but the quizzes did not.
Well-structured, in-depth, serious material, great help with building foundations in Instructional Design.
I learnt a lot. Maybe if there can be workbooks or templates that can make it more practical.
The lectures are great, although it could be suggested more practice exercises.
I benefited alot from this course. Very happy to have completed it.
Good course if you are looking for learning theory information.
Very challenging but I would highly recommend this course!
Great start to Instructional Designing career!
Good overall, for a Foundations Course!
I highly recommend this course for those who are interested in pursuing a career in instructional design. It lays a solid foundation of the history, methods, and practical applications of ID. The concepts are presented in a brief but comprehensive manner.
This course was excellent! It provided a great overview of the instructional design field. I'm excited to take more courses from the University of Illinois.
Very good content and pace. Great community of  encouraging fellow students
I really liked this course. The assignments were designed really well, giving us the sneak peek into what a instructional designer would do.
The course was very informational. I hope there will be other courses to follow to complete the ADDIE Model.
This course gave me very useful insights into the world of instructional design. Although I am not an Instructional Designer, I am involved extensively in the activities of the Analysis phase to plan training programs in the organization I work with. In other terms I am a general L&D professional, and was at a career crossroad. I am now very sure that I would like to specialize in the field of Instructional Design and this course is an absolute first step in my journey.A huge thanks to University of Illinois and Coursera for designing such insightful programs. I particularly loved the options for scholarships. Please keep doing the good work! Look forward to my next course.All the best!
This course is very comprehensive and gave me great knowledge of instructional design. Course is well designed and really helped me understand many concepts with a very well managed way. All the quizzes, study material and lectures are very well designed and really helped he novice learners like me a solid foundation of the course. The structure of the course and breaking up of concepts into smaller modules was really helpful. Overall, I had a great time.
A very interesting course that facilitates many students to know the most important foundation of the instructional design world. The material presentation is very interesting, the instructor presents the material in a cool and easy to understand style. The task given is also very helpful in understanding the material that has been delivered. I really like this course!
Well crafted, Perfectly planned and excellently executed Course. It was a great time being part of this course. A value addition indeed.  I highly recommend this course to everyone concerned with Instructional Material Development. The content is highly effective and delivered in a contended way.
As introduction to the instructional design subject It is an excellent course, i strongly recommend it for the beginners,  but it is better to add new module to clarify how we should transfer from the ANALYSIS stage  to the DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT stages.
I have learned a lot about instructional strategies while taking this course! I really recommend this course to teachers who are migrating to online teaching as a way to implement their lesson/course planning.
It is noted that teachers have a lot of experience and knowledge in the field. I believe that the contents provided and displayed during the course are of quality. I liked this learning experience.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. It is well taught and well organised. The material provided a thorough overview of the field, and the readings were particularly fascinating and helpful.
Great course on the foundations of Instructional Design.  Really focused on the history of ID and the initial stage of Analysis.  Looking forward to learning more in this area!
This is an excellent course. The contents and resources are very useful and help me to learn about different Instructional Design Models, and especially about Needs Analysis.
This course was easily accessible, part of solid program, and manageable for anyone looking to expand their career.
A very informative Course. Really engaging and develops on the intended learning with interactive interventions.
I have learned a lot from this course, that I plan on implementing the concepts in my daily work environment.
It was a good course . Though it was way theoretical but got a complete exposure to the introduction of ID.
One of the most engaging online courses i have done. Thank you University of Illinois and Coursera!
This course introduce the history and theory of ID. It also provides methods of Analysis in ADDIE.
Very good course. Lot of insights about the importance of instructional design. Thanks a lot..
This was helpful In understanding the basic principles and history of Instructional design.
Very informative course. full of theoretical concepts as well as real life applications.
The course was very helpful and a lot of learning happened through these 4 weeks.
Very well designed course. It is theoretical and practical at the same time!
Very interesting course.Completion of assignment was little bit tough task.
Every concept was detailed and nicely explained. No complains really.
Wonderful course... I've got the basics right after completing this!
Well planned learning environment with adequate activities to keep
A good improvement to my instructional design skills
Really valuable introduction to Instructional Design
Structure, logical, well presented, easy to follow.
Great Course, very informative. I learned a lot!
This course was a really great experience.
Great Course!! I learned alot!!
Great course. Well-designed.
Excited about this class!
