Content is quite good but the assessment style is quite difficult as in very hard to complete. I think there is need to rethink about the assessment strategy where passing with 90% isn't made mandatory. Got stuck in the midst of the course, still intersted to complete but unable to move on due to hard style quiz. The quiz has further links which is unaccessible in poor networks. I hope the team will understand this issue from a view of providing knowledge with minimum harrassment.
I am sorry but the Prof. doesn't know how to attract students to be more curious.
Worst Course!
There's something wrong with the quiz answers. Even if you select the correct answer, it marks it wrong. Other stdents seem to experience this as well and it's incredibly frustrating and is annoying enough that I am dropping the course after just the second "week.".
shame you have to pay for this course although the content is good
I found this course boring and redundant. It was covering stuff that could easily be learned enough high school level course. It bored me to tears! They were stretching out something that can easily be learned in one shot.
It's a complicated course where not all the concepts are clearly and straightforwardly explained. The questions I find in the quizzes I feel do not match the info that I've been studying and certain mathematical concepts (which are out of my skillset) complicate it even further for me. I've been stuck on week 3 for weeks and I feel demoralized. Never had I flunk so badly. Some of the lessons have been ok and interesting so far. I think the homeworks and tests are poorly execute and lack precision or coherence from the lessons they correspond to.
I didn't finish it. The data is outdated but still enjoyable to learn. However, I do not have time to study this one anymore and now looking for new course that have more updated data and materials.
It was a good introductory  course, but needs more detailed information and mathematical formulas.
There is value in exposing yourself to this material, as it is interesting and quite important for humanity overall.  However, the course design could use a lot of work to introduce more pertinent visuals into the videos and audit the graded aspects of the course - quizzes are very tricky, use poor grammar and convoluted sentence structure.  The biggest thing, however, is that the lecturer persisted to use Wikipedia as an academic source of information!
As an introductory
course, there is some value in taking this course, specifically if you have an
interest in using the information for personal enlightenment or furthering
career/academic pursuits.  The
information is interesting but the course overall lacks stamina.  The course needs to be revamped as the
majority of the information and data provided are outdated, i.e., 2010,
2012.  This is 2020, the instructor
should introduce more up to date statistics and relevant visuals into the videos as well as change drastically
the logistics of the quizzes and homework assignments by doing the following:
(1) change the structure on the sentences, some sentences were convoluted; (2) although on Module Quizzes and the Final Exam you are provided two
chances to retake – if one received a passing grade of 80% or higher, he/she
should not have to wait 24 hours to retake the assessment; (3) in the same
vein, structuring a True and False question with False as the first option is
utterly ridiculous AND asking questions with 5 or 6 options as a possible
answer, simply unnecessary!  There were often times that audio issues occurred. Also, it would have been nice if powerpoint slides were available rather than just video transcripts. I was
shocked that Wikipedia was widely used as an academic source of reference,
which I thought was demeaning at his level (PhD) – as Wikipedia can be altered
by anyone.  Overall, the course was very
lengthy and time-consuming. I can not say that this was the best course that I've ever taken through Coursera; however, it was worthwhile. Although I finished the course with a 97.50% overall grade, I couldn’t wait for the course to come to an end! So, I gave the course a 3 star as an average/middle-of-the road rating. God luck to future participants!
The course needs to be updated to reflect the changes during the approx 8 years since it was first created. The data in the coursework and the quizzes in particular is quite dated. Additionally, the language of some of the quiz questions is vague and may not be easily understood by participants whose first language is not English.
The quiz sections are very lengthy and some are quite hard. It didn't seem learner friendly overall.
Lectures need to be more interesting during presentation & the information needs to be updated.
Absolutely loved the course. Learnt so much and its helped me understand what i as an individual can do as well to live a more sustainable life as well as ease my worry about us as humanity being doomed.I found the way the questions were asked got me confused at times and that is where i struggled my only critic.I am so grateful for this opportunity to learn this course and being allowed to extend my course deadlines a bit further due to work commitments and still be able to pass I am really happy.Thank you.I will most certainly be looking for more courses to start soon and continue to follow my passion.The videos were great and so informative. Thank you Mr. Tomkin
Pretty interesting and loved how holistic the course is. The professor weaves together demographics, water use, climate change, energy, policy, and ethics. But I should say that the video lectures and all the materials are from 2010-2012 so if you're hoping for a crash course on some of the more recent  developments and figures, you'll need to go elsewhere.
This has been a great class - good information and stuff everyone should know. Thank you so much!  It's also surprising how thoughtful the tests are and how they can really test knowledge.  I love the peer review - it's great to read other classmates' thoughts.   Areas for improvement:a) course content really needs an update every 5 or so years. From what I can tell, the course was written up in 2005. A LOT has changed. To keep this class vibrant, content needs updating!b) there are some really arcane test questions and despite posting Q about them, requesting an explanation, I did not receive any response from the many TAs who are assigned to the coursec) peer reviews can be made more meaningful - the 5 or so checkboxes that you fill out as a reviewer really don't go into much depth - for example, a word count?  Seems like the app could check that.
The course is great... Lots of insights... I personally am more of neo-malthusian, which results from my experience from working in African countries, so I believe the "don't worry population growth will come down" and "humans will consume less materials in the future" to be too optimistics. Anyway, I'm looking forward to be proven wrong.Thanks for a great course!
I actually wanted to give 4.5 stars but sadly Coursera's review system doesn't allow that. The course content is pretty comprehensive and gives you more than a fair idea about all the concepts related to sustainability. It is by no means a cakewalk to complete this course. I'd like to deliver my thanks to Dr. Jonathan Tomkin who explained all the topics in a succinct way and has obviously put in a lot of hard work into designing the course content and structure. However, I'd like to see the data being updated in this course as most of it dates back to 2010 and also include the COVID-19 pandemic to better explain the concept of sustainability in the modern world. 10/10 recommended.
Really great introduction to the principles of sustainability. A lot of reading was required, more than I expected out of an online course being taken for pleasure, but that being said I enjoyed the content and learning about this topic. Videos combined with the reading made everything very straightforward and easy to understand. My only critique was that some of the test questions were worded in a confusing way and/or didn't provide an explanation as to why one answer was correct vs another, however I understand the challenges of not simply providing the answers to questions given the course format.
I found this a very interesting course and it covered a lot more than I expected. On the other hand week 4 about alternative energy is showing its age. Renewables have improved a lot more than the predictions in this course, and have in some cases proven to be viable at this point. I would recommend updating the course, or at least writing clearly that this is dated information. As in these difficult time we need thorough and up to date information to make the right decisions.If it was updated it would get 5 out of 5 now i would give it 3.5 if i could.
The course is made in such a manner by observing the videos everything got clear to me.The graphics are also very nice.I completed the course but I found some questions are very confusing like 1. Whether Malthusian catastrophe never happened or related questions though I understood the chapter but questions were so confusing? 2. What is the Tragedy in Tragedy of Commons? 3. Peak Oil...like that Thanks for organizing this course . Please let me know any next level course on this subject like advance Sustainability etc.
This course was excellent at opening my eyes to sustainability. I learned a lot and I am inspired to continue my passion for sustainability in college because of this course. My main drawback is that the material is largely from 2012, which is pretty outdated. Many of the key concepts hold true but some aspects like oil extraction rates are not consistent with what the course would indicate. Overall I am very happy I enrolled and I highly recommend the course!
The course presents a holistic overview of the pressing environmental conditions the entire planet experiences and utilizes a multi-disciplinary approach in addressing these concerns. This is ideal for learners of all nationalities as examples are not grounded in one particular country or culture. My only suggestion is to present more relevant data and to improve the engaging qualities of the video lectures.
Overall a brilliant learning opportunity for people passionate to udnerstand where the world is currently and where it will be when it comes to sustainability. Not your average easy course, the course is really hard to pass. Moreover, it is 8 weeks long and involves the use of complicated terms and languages. Make sure you are ready to invest atleast 15 hours a week into the course to see fruitful results.
An interesting course with engaging lectures and quiz questions. A broad overview of many aspects of sustainability which have given me a good basis from which to discuss issues and learn from. Peer review assignments can be hit or miss depending on who reviews your work - some put in much more effort than others. Overall, a manageable workload, low-pressure and interesting course.
Comprehensive background on population growth, resource usage, energy consumption, climate, environmental policy. This was a much more comprehensive overview than I had expected so I learned a lot. Definitely a good place to start if you're interested in sustainability. Though the population growth chapter wasn't as interesting to me, it is an important aspect of sustainability.
This course was interesting and useful. I wish we could have seen more examples of sustainability programs and policies that are working in various parts of the world. I love the notion of completing the assessments until you have mastery. The rubric for written work was very basic and allowed for some students with subpar assignments to get full 4 out of 4 points.
This course is really good. You can learn a lot with the informations and etc. However, the activities are kinda hard for me... I have to do the same one a lot of times to finally be approved. But my first language is not english and I am "young", so it can be just for me. As I said before, I think its a great course and you´ll probably like it!
A very comprehensive introduction, well structured and narrated. Video lectures were interesting and easy-to-follow. I liked the fact that TED talks and other video sources were used in the syllabus. Also, the course book is well written. My only addition to it would be to include more solution-based topics.
This course is an excellent introduction to sustainability. The videos lectures and quizzes are interesting, readings are relevant, and assignments encourages learner's to apply concepts covered to real life situations. Only area for improvement is the need for updating the content with current data.
The course is very complete on it's subjects and points, but should have more slides and some times be more grafic about some examples, this makes the lessons boring and harder to follow because there is a massive amount of informations. Also have too much questions on the quizzes.
Excellent understanding of relevant sustainability issues that are affecting the world. Though I feel some of the data is a little dated now. Ease of instruction and enough reference material to go back and brush up on topics that you find relevant or want to explore further.
It was a great course that's well structured. it covered all the aspects and gave us a picture how interdependent each sphere is. It's time that we all understand and accordingly lead our daily lives with the maximum possible sustainable use.
The course has provided really useful information which started from the basic and slowly guide the learners into more specific content. A really awesome course for students who want the basic so they can develop further more on the future.
I thought this course did a fine job of breaking down foundational concepts from the field sustainability in an understandable manner. The right combination of coursework, readings, and lecture for me.
The course is very enlightening on the thoughts living on this planet in a sustainable way. While some facts are outdated (and need receive) they are nonetheless relevant for training
A very good course to have basic understanding of sustainable development. A learner from different background like me would find it much helpful in exploring a new field of interest.
I learned a lot of great information but the lectures and videos are kind of outdated. It would be great to have some more information on sustainability from the most recent decade.
A really good overview of the sustainability. It gives the energy (sustainable?) to go further. Just a comment: it would be great to update some videos as the world changes. Thanks
Took a while to get used to the prof a bit...but now I think he's great! Also, I like how slow he describes things and how well he explains. I would recommend this class.
Very good introduction to Sustainability. It was enjoyable and easy to follow and at the same time I learnt a lot. Some parts are a little bit out of date.
A great course for general learning on the path of sustainability.  You will learn a higher level of science as opposed to politicized propaganda.
It is a great starting course to engage in sustainability and create solid baseline knowledge foundations to undertake a career in this area.
I loved this course. Learned a lot about Sustainability. I would have liked for the it to be more current. The information is from 2010.
I think that the data available for the course must be updated, many information is out of date, but in general is a very good course.
For an introduction course, the syllabus is thorough and topics are well explained. Video lectures are well put together and engaging.
A very brilliant and fantastic course ....gave entire inside about sustainable development totaly loved it...
Awesome course. Got to know about the environmental policy, pollution measures, stats about population etc.,
I would like to thank professor Jonathan Tomkin for teaching this wonderful course. I learnt a lot from him.
Very comprehensive although some information is outdated, I would still recommend it though.
Somewhat dated materials, but overall useful. Enjoyed the flow of videos alongside readings.
I think that this course is a little biased to keep status quo of the developed countries.
I thoroughly enjoyed during the learning of this course. Thanks to University of Illinois
The Course in old of 2012 but still informative. Should add more content to the course
It was really good experience. I loved the content. It would help me in my career.
The course is fantastic and it gives a clear cut idea on the society's condition.
excellent course in terms of contents and information.simple and well presented.
The quizes were challenging, but overall, I did learned a lot from this course.
interesting course. I would prefer not to have to pay to complete the quizes.
A comprehensive overview on Sustainability matters, yet a little out-of-date
It is a very good course,It gives you an abstract about the life around you.
Insightful course. Provided me with a very good idea on sustainable future.
A very good class but updates are needed to reflect more current conditions
enjoyed this course very much and learned a lot from it. Thanks Coursera!
A great course to know some sustainability basics. Learned a lot from it.
It's really a great course. It opened my eyes and enhanced my knowledge.
Very Insightful perspective of the world on common environmental topics.
The course is very educative and enlightens us about things around us.
Good general introduction and overview on sustainability issues.
The information given is good, but it could be made more recent.
I hope the course i completed will benifit me in my career
The material is a little outdated, hope it is updated .
Good course material. I am learning lot of new things.
Great, informative class but way too many quizzes.
An excellent, although slightly outdated, course!
Very interesting course; extremely eye-opening. I
nice course. interesting themes to sustainability
Very informational and thought-provoking course
One must attempt this course. Very well taught.
very informative course. Its worth the time.
It is a good course, but needs an update.
Great introduction to sustainability.
very informative and engaging course
Course was great . Very informative.
It was a great experience learning !
Easy to follow and informative. :)
I honestly took this course by mistake while searching for Business Sustainability. But it got me so engaged and interested that I finished it in 4 days.A Great thank you, Mr. Jonathan Tomkin
One of the courses that benefited me and expanded my perceptions and knowledge
This course is very comprehensive but really gives a better understanding of the history of and factors leading to the current status of the world and how we can move towards sustainability.
As a beginner to sustainability field, i have learned a lot through the course. This course surprisingly providing me the basic and overall knowledge about nature and how it relating to human life. Hopefully, I could go deeper into it and apply to my sustainable business plan. Thank you so much to Dr Tomkin and Illinois University for such a great course!
I really liked this course because it
analyzes with balance the data, concepts and instruments of the great problems
and challenges of global sustainability. The modular structure with videos,
texts, readings, tests, collective tasks is clear, enjoyable and helps to study
and re-study the contents. I have worked for several years as a consultant in
corporate social responsibility and I manage a multimedia producer expert in
the pedagogical design of courses and materials in environmental management.
Through the course he learned a more precise reflection on sustainability
issues and will soon start a postgraduate university course in Chile on
Sustainability Management. This course helped me to make this decision.A final
suggestion for the applications of this course is to update the information in
the topics for appreciate  better the
trends .  Thank you very much.
It was amazingly full of new information for me, presented in an easy to learn way. All new and useful! I think the course was much more than an "introduction". For me as an architect, it was much more than an introduction and gave me an extended view towards the meaning of sustainability and the current and future of the world.
This course really helped me in understanding the issues of sustainability and how they affect mankind. I would definitely recommend this course to everyone who is working under the areas of sustainable design.
This was my first Coursera course, and I wasn't sure what to expect; but was very pleased with the organization, timescale things were run on, and overall neutrality of the course. Very well done!
This was a well presented course that covered some very interesting areas of planet earth becoming sustainable. It was detailed and demanding, but fair and we learned a lot.
I was expect nothing at first. This course by far very comprehensive. I think now I have basic understanding of sustainability and its environmental policy. In that sense, I believe I can contribute when I need to deal with this issue in my work in the future or have cross-cutting discussion about sustainability in the future, I will be more confident compared to before I took this course. Thank you for Jonathan Tomkin and all the team who prepares this course
An amazing course that provides a trustworthy and critical view to a very heated and polarized topic. Its very refreshing to be provided with multiple viewpoints and to go through their logical arguments to see that usually the truth is somewhere in the middle. This course will hopefully be helpful in my future career and will definitely be helpful in discussing the future of our planet calmly and in an informed manner.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. It provided a very interesting introduction to various diverse components of sustainability, and was taught - via the lectures by Dr Jonathan Tomkin - in a highly approachable and enjoyable way. I thought that the various visuals, graphs and images used along the way were very helpful and appropriate also.Thank you!
Very informative, course covers many different aspects of sustainability and delivers them in a clear and enjoyable manner and certainly was an eye opener on many levels.  I wish course materials and videos were a little more recent than they are though, especially considering the new developments under the Trump administration.
incredible way to teach, complete material and exactly instructive lessons. great interaction student and teacher. perfect way to share knowledge with the rest of the world. I live in Brazil, and having access to this type of content is very cool.
Great course, I really learned a lot! Dr. Jonathan Tomkin has a great way to explain complex circumstances in an accessible and understandable manner. I'd love to see a second series of lectures, comparing this course to the status of 2020.
It is a well prepared course. Contents are carefully organized and plenty of concepts and examples are included and analyzed. Overall, it is a excellent course to get an overview of sustainability.
This is a nice course for anyone who wants to have a start on this journey. It is easy to understand, covers a lot of topics that relates to everything and give you a profound insight of the world
This is a comprehensive basic course about Sustainability. Great starting point. The course is easy to be understood by non-native English speakers, but exams are difficult.
Course is really worth the time and a must have course. Lectures are interesting. I would recommend you all those who are reading the reviews.
Very informative for an introductory course. I learned a lot in a short amount of time.
Excellent course. The material is a little bit old but still relevant.
Really tough course, but it was worthwhile!
What an eye opener it’s been! I thoroughly enjoyed this course – an informative and well-planned introduction into the wonderful and essential subject of sustainability. Dr. Tomkin’s succinct videos followed by the recommended readings were an ideal blend of lecture and theory, and made the subject matter easy to break down and understand. The takeaways from the course are definitely going to shape my future work.Thank you, Dr. Tomkin for the great course!I do suggest that that the pdf be reworked in terms of layout, typeface and leading and contrast as this version can be difficult to read off a screen.
This is my first time doing an online certificate course from Coursera and I have to say it had been a wonderful and informative experience for me. The lectures were easy to understand and really helped me to change so many of my misconceptions on sustainability and energy. I would like to thank Prof. Jonathan for give such brilliant lectures and sharing his views. I would also like to thank my classmates for their support and also would like to congratulate them on their achievement as well along with best wishes for their future. Thank You Coursera for such an initiative to spread knowledge
I found this training very enriching for those new to sustainable development. I took this course in order to have a global idea of the subject. I found what I was looking for. The course is quite complete, it gives a global vision of sustainability and deals with many aspects related to the subject. Both the basic concepts and concrete examples are explained. Moreover, I appreciated the moderate vision of our Professor on the subject, which is neither in denial nor in catastrophism. Finally, the tests are not stupidly a reproduction of the course and questions of reflection are asked.
For a beginner there are chances of an Information overload. But considering the times which we live in the anthropocene , these information overload is a necessity. We all are individuals who have cause some harm to the environment through some or the other way and nobody can deny that. It is in this point of a realization that I urge my fellow comrades to do this course and be aware of where we all are headed. Cheers and thanks to Jonathan Tomkin and other supporters.
A concise and engaging course which really makes you think!  Many people are interested in sustainability and concerned about the issues which affect it, but taking this course has definitely helped me better understand these issues and put many things in perspective.  Having a greater understanding of these topics makes me less pessimistic about the future as Inow understand how we can best focus our efforts for the greatest return.  Everyone should take this course!
My congratulations for this course. Was a great experience to learn about this topic and the important for our future.
Additionally, i would like to make some suggestions especially related with approach on developed countries, developing countries and the data stat.Inside these aspects should be included examples related with Latin America, Asia and another regions that not been included between the classics examples of developed countries.Thanks for this course.
This was an amazing course. I learned so much about sustainability and feel that I now have the tools to be critical about media news pieces about the environment. Prof. Tomkin explains his topics clearly and concisely. I found his lectures easy to follow without being "dumbed down". I highly recommend taking this course if you want to learn more about the issues affecting the environment and sustainable development.
Great course.  I learned so much and the course was the right place to start to learn about environmental policy and sustainability. It explains population, consumption, energy, water, touching on many inaccurate assumptions about the environment and sustainability.  most of all, I enjoyed the sections that focused on policy options, which is the main reason I have been looking for that kind of courses.
I've been a supporter of environmental sustainability efforts for a long time, however, I lacked training/knowledge (as my undergraduate studies are in Business). Passion is great, but in the real world, you need skills to back up that passion. I am proud to say that can now engage in active conversations with people who are working in sustainability related fields! This is a very empowering course!
This course is a very beginning of an important concept of sustainability. The videos are just more than excellent at communicating useful knowledge to the seeker. The quizzes are designed to take full advantage of one's abilities. The most interesting work in this course is Peer graded assignments. I have learned and enjoyed this course. Hope everyone else who opt it will likewise too. Thumbs up!
I really enjoyed the instructor and the class.  I am taking Intro to Sustainability at another university and it is completely different than what we learned here.  I am not saying it is better or worse but it is interesting the amount of diversity that an intro class can have.  I would be very interested to see/hear what Professor Tomkins would have to say about the current pandemic crisis.
Bast online course I have ever taken. Professor Tomkins did a fantastic job giving a broad and comprehensive overview on sustainability. The reading were excellent, the supplementary videos and case studies were enlightening, and he pushed a little bit with the quizzes, enough to make you feel like your earned the certificate. A great entry point to the entire field of sustainability.
Really awesome course! Especially the peer review assignments. They give an overall view of what are the problems being faced by everyone around the world! The course structure is really good and is optimal for learning. After the course, one really has a changed perspective towards the earth and you would be inspired with purpose! A purpose to work for the betterment of humankind!
This is a very serious course of high academic quality. It takes time to follow the lectures, read additional material, make homework and tests, but it is worth it. The instructor makes the lessons easy to understand, although it sometimes deals with quite complicated topics.It would be great to hear about an updated course (this is a few years old) or a continuation of this one.
I have both my B.S and J.D. , but it has been years since I have taken a college level course.  This was one of the most interesting and engaging I have ever taken.  Dr. Tomkins presents the content in a relatable manner that is easy to understand.  The information provided has ignited my interest to learn more and continue my education on Sustainability.  Highly reccomend!
A great introductory course about sustainability that is informative and not too basic that is worthwhile your time if you are interested to more about the statistics, proper concepts and terminology in this field. The information is well-packed and not to difficult to understand but still requires some effort to properly digest the knowledge. Thanks Dr. Jonathan Tomkins!
An exceptional course that introduces an abundance of new concepts and points of view. It's engaging and thought-provoking, with very interesting assignments. The workload is considerable but at the end it's worthwhile. I totally feel that I've gained a sense of the current global situation on sustainability for the 21st century! Thank you very much!
I really liked learning the course material. As an aspiring environmental engineer, I wanted to explore more environmental concepts before applying to colleges, and this course allowed me to decide that I enjoyed learning about environmental concepts, especially sustainability, and made me excited to take more sustainability classes in the future.
This course provides very comprehensive set of information about sustainability from beginning to the end. Its content is really broad. To learn well, it requires learners to think and to read a lot. I like the fact that it provides many interesting talks from Ted and other sources. I would really like to see more recent statistics to be included.
Sustainability is one of the most important topics for the future of our own species and for the world in general. This course gives you a point of view strongly supported by science, data and teaches the importance of recognition and exploring the different methods to get involved and visualize the consequences of climate change.
Teaching of professor Tomkin was very much interesting that i have got so interest in this course and enjoyed a lot learning this course which makes us familiar with the things and facts that are happening in our environment and how they are going to affect our real world in the current and upcoming future situation of our world.
I took this course to learn. Now, I did not just learned, I understood things deeper about the environment. Now I'm conscious about embedded water, embodied energy, food miles and many more. These are important things that we often take for granted. Thanks to Coursera, Dr. Tomkin and the University of Illinois Urbana Champaign!
Very interesting and useful. The videos, reading, and homework were very easy but  I learned a lot. I recommend this course. You won't regret it.  Investing time in knowing more about our planet situation and the sustainability path that we are following, is very important.  Pd. The English used in this course is very easy.
Extremely satisified with the course! This is my first course on Coursera and totally enjoyed learning about Sustainability from Prof. Tomkin. It would be better if you add some recent graphs and content including data from 2015 and beyond. Overall, I loved the course and would want to enroll in other courses too :)
I really liked this course
because it analyzes with balance the data, concepts and instruments of the
great problems and challenges of global sustainability. Overall, it is an excellent course to get
an overview of sustainability.  if anyone want to know
about  sustainability I will recommend to join this course.
Interesting course which challenged some of my personal views and made me reconsider many opinions I held prior to completing this course. Highly recommended for anyone with an interest in sustainability, or even just  to debate issues like  climate change and the impact of world population with buddies in a bar.
Introduction to Sustainability has given me greater insight on the world on a sustainable path. Whether we are approaching a J curve or S curve. This course broadens your knowledge and sharpens your mind to be a great thinker when it comes to sustainability. And i'm glad to partake and complete this course.
Introduction to sustainability is a perfect blend. Sustainability is in everything, to the less I know this course has broadened my view. It covers all the topics in detail and I am glad to choose this course to begin my sustainable journey. Thankful to University of Illinois & Jonathan Tomkin.
Great course! It was a wonderful and fullfilling experience, I completly recommned taking this course, it helped me understand a lot about the threats that the world is currently facing, from the origins and long term consequences, to even the possible solutions and environmental policies.
Dr. Tompkin is one of the best professors I have had the pleasure to encounter. That is going some because I have two PhDs. He clearly and concisely explains important concepts, putting the subject matter within reach of anyone who is interested. I hope that he will offer more courses.
Very well designed and implemented course. Practical and pragmatic. Videos interesting and easy to watch. Smart questions and quizzes that promote learning. The work load is not too demanding, but leaves you feeling like you earned the passing scores. Just right. Highly recommended.
opened my eyes to many of the issues effecting our environment, and also educated me on the correct terms, studies and methods in addressing the crisis we are in.  this is a great first step on the path to fully grasping the state we are in, and hopefully contributing to a solution
Excellent introductory course integrating various disciplines and approaches in discussing sustainability. The lectures are informational and organized, and the assessments are the right amount of challenging and adequately test what one has learned from the course. Very worth it!
Introduction to Sustainability was enjoyably challenging and enlightening, many thanks to Professor Jonathan Thomkins and the production values of his teaching materiials. I thought however, he could have presented a fuller description of possible disaster scenarios.
It was really an excellent course. Learned new perspectives to know about sustainability. Relevant  examples regarding the topics made the course more enjoyable and easy to understand. I could easily relate the terms in my real life through writing the assignments.
I really enjoyed this course ! I loved to know more about the "technical aspect" of sustainability. However, the pieces of information remain accessible. There is a lot of reading though, but they might not be mandatory.Thank you Jonathan for all that knowledge :)
Very helpful course. Great teacher and videos. Addresses points that every person should know because it's very comprehensive and makes you think holistic about the world. I am not going to see things as I did before, never. Thank you for creating this material.
This is a very good indepth program with rich material and rigorous quizzes. Thankful to Dr.Jonathan Tomkins for the time and effort taken to put this together. It also got me interested overall in the concept much more and gave a optimistic view to our future.
This course is fantastic. I have learned and experience a lots of facts about environment, population , agriculture etc. For me the most intersting fact in the course is approach of sustainabilty which have been taught by Res. Prof. Jonathan Tomkin.Thank You!
I loved the course. This gave me a new perspective on life and energy. the knowledge I gained from the course will help me throughout my life plus I will try my best to further provide the same to most of the society to bring the earth to a sustainable path.
One of my favorite courses so for, It was presented with details and good quizzes, I can say that I finished this course with more valuable knowledge and the most important: more curiosity to learn more about every aspect and field related to sustainability
The best online course I have ever taken in my life!! The course was so interesting while everything was taught in a way that was relatable. The assignments and peer reviews exposed you to different school of thoughts. This is one course I highly recommend
This has been the best, most educative and helpful course,Thanks to Dr Jonathan Tomkin, we've learned a very clear concept about the earth, its environment and its systems, and most importantly, sustainability and sustainable measures for a better future.
This is a good course and I can get a brief idea what the position is the earth is. Also, I can remember some key figures about the environment situation. The difficulties of the quizs are designed suitability for student memorizing key point and concepts
A good starting point for whoever is interested in the various facets of sustainability. It requires a certain flexibility, since it deals with many topics, but it's rewarding. The course is very well made and it feels like a real university course.
I think it is a diverse course that looks at many different aspects of sustainability. Gives a rounded explanation on sustainability, goes through its problems in detail and possible solutions for the future. Really does make you think! Great work!
This course has helped me know about what we, as individuals and as Human Civilization, have done to mother earth. At the same the ways and techniques we can adopt in our lives to make this planet a sustainable place for our future generations.
As someone who, upon starting, did not know anything about this topic, I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Although someone said he was not 'engaging' enough ... I found the instructor to be very engaging and he was easy to follow and understand.
Such a excellent course, i have learned a lot about current trends and global issues especially.   thanks for the opportunity to choose this course to ILLINOIS university and Coursera.  It is really a great bath while walking along this curse.
The course provided me a insight sharper on the topic of sustainability, less romanticized and more balanced in data, research and tools. It is very dense in details and excellente material, it opens up a range of options for us to go deeper.
It is called Introduction but actually is already quite an in-depth course. Thanks to the videos it is very entertaining and I never got bored. Only suggestion from me is to update some of the references to more recent ones if possible.
A great course with a great instructor!Perfect for beginners - the course is simple and is laden with many relevant examples, which help you understand concepts easily. The interactive assignments and homeworks are very interesting too!
It's an excellent course. It's very complete and it's a perfect introduction to this topic of sustainability. It would be great that this course would be a starting point for an entire academic program of sustainability. Thanks for all!
I'm very glad that I did this course. I'm an engineering undergrad and I'd say every engineering curriculum should have this course in the first semester itself, so that one can know in what direction work needs to be done. Thank you!!
Excellent very complete course being considered as an introductory course, I learned a lot about sustainability, I generate myself, very good readings and videos, it made me do more research to delve into each topic. thanks!! Dr Tomkim
This course is an absolute must for those who ant to learn about sustainability, the impacts of human society on the planet, how countries and organizations are changing their views and regulations and how sustainability is measured.
I really enjoyed this course. It gave me in depth knowledge about many concepts of Sustainability. I would like to thank Dr. Jonathan Thomkin from University of Illinois and whole Coursera team for designing such a wonderful course.
Excellent informative course that is very well narrated by the course lecturer.   Fact based and many interesting theories introduced - which provide great context to understanding the subject of sustainability.  Really enjoyable!
Thank you for this course! I have enriched my knowledge towards the concept of sustainability. The professor gives excellent examples through graphs, charts, and case studies, which made me understand and analyze the course well!
It was an aggregator in my learning about sustainability, the course is very well designed. I intend to do a master's degree in this area, so it helped me a lot to clarify some doubts on the subject. The course is excellent.
I really liked the scope from the course and I really believe everyone should know about these topics. Earth is only one, we need to understand how it lives and what's the price for not maintaining sustainable systems.
This was a great course and I highly recommend to anyone interested in learning more about sustainability to start here. This course was a great intro to many different aspects of sustainability and I learned so much.
I learned an incredible amount from this course. The pacing was fair and the assignments were useful for the content. It was slightly outdated but not terribly so. I'm very thankful to have purchased this certificate
Excellent approach, divided each week into 'bite-size' components. One learns new vocabulary associated each subject area and the tests were well done to assure one understood and retained most of the expose.  Bravo!
I learned so much more than I expected to from this course. It was very well taught and segmented in a way that kept my attention. This was thoroughly enjoyable for me and I am grateful for the knowledge. Thank you!
It was a great experience reading this course.I got knowledge about various aspects of the population growth,climate change,etc.It was a wonderful experience.Thanks to the whole team of the University Of Illinois.
Thanks for your efforts in making this course. I learned a lot about lot issues like population, climate change etc., In my opinion, it is essential course for anybody who cares about society and their well being.
Excellent content, complete and easy to follow. Only needs to be updated considering all recent approaches and developments in sustainability by 2020. But as introductory course is great to learn from the basis.
Great course given by U of Illinois about sustainability. Very complex concepts well explained by Dr Tomkin. Highly recomendable for all people involved in economic, energy, environment, food and nutrition ...
Very interesting and well-done course giving a broad overview of several important sustainability issues. Great professor, very clear and personable. Would definitely take another course from this professor.
Lecturer Jonathan Tomkin was very clear on his delivery, The pace of the course is just nice and I like the references for additional readings. I would love to have at least one lecturer- graded assignment.
Very comprehensive material. Even the more difficult subjects are broken down into manageable chunks. Great supporting material and readings. Jonathon is a great presenter too. Really learnt a lot. Thanks!
I loved this course. It is very organized, sequential and of course terrifically interesting for those who are interested in environment and sustainability issues. I totally recommend to take this course!
I wanted to learn the basics of sustainability and I found a lot of information about it, maybe I need to update it a bit to date but in general the course gave me the tools I needed, thank you very much.
The professor made the subject easy to understand and gave me a different understanding of the theme.It was a very informative and interesting course every week.
No doubt a course that I will recommend!
This course helps me to learn many things about sustainability. By this course, I am more interested in sustainable developments. I expect to learn more about this provided by Dr Johnathan Tomkin.
The course was well-structured and insightful. It shows that environmental conservation cannot be a stand-alone discipline and it has to be consulted with economics for the greater good.
A well thought and curated module which covers all essential aspects of sustainability. The course conduct was well designed and the examples and cases presented gave further insights.
Thank you for providing this course online! Very pleased with my experience and all that I've learned! I thought it was a nice touch to include TED Talks throughout the course as well.
The content and structure of the course are well presented and arranged. All modules helps to improve my knowledge in this area. The videos are really good to understand the concepts.
Professor John Tomkins did a great job. I am going to pursue a career in sustainability only after completing the course. The course has had a very positive impact on me. Thankyou.
Go through it , you will feel that how  it is so related to the current scenario. IPAT, Sustainability, Population, Energy , Negative externality and other topics covered in depth.
Great course, instructor made lectures interesting.  I wish when I got an answer wrong I was directed where to find the answer in the material so I could review and understand.
It has been a useful and amazing journey.  I have learnt much. I liked the tasks because they help you not only absorb the information but also think. Thank you for the course!
I learned a lot. Now I need to study the legislation of my country to apply, with the knowledge acquired in this course, and help to improve our world for the next generations.
I loved the whole course. especially the examples and visualization. Also, the relation amongst all the different elements were shown beautifully. I enjoyed the course a lot.
Even though the course materials are minimum from 2012 data, it was very clear, eye opener, and very informative. I'm so glad that I've taken. Thank you for this opportunity.
This is a marvelous topic! The pace and presentation is effective for us learners. All the quizzes, assignments and interactive homework is challenging. Thank you for this.
It is an excellent course to get an overview of sustainability.  I thoroughly enjoyed the course. Thank you so much to Dr. Jonathan Tomkin and UIUC for such a great course!
I highly recommend this course to ones who are working on sustainable energy this course is much worthy to clear your concepts about sustainability and sustainable future.
So grateful for this amazing course! I am now confident that sustainanility is the field of work in which I will continue to pursue! Highly highly recommend this course!
A great introduction to the field, helps me understand the constraints policymakers have with climate change and enlightened me on cautious optimism that we can have.
The group of subjects Studied During the course were very interesting to me, I was really glad to be able to complete and will state Certainly this course to others.
Great course, there are so many different point of views towards sustainability. I think this course has made me consider searching for a masters in Sustainability.
Amazing course. Thank you for this course. I've learned too many good things which I'm sure I will use in my professional career to helping to build a better world.
This course is very helpful to change your mind in maintaining sustainability to your business. There are so many cases in the course that will help you to think.
This is a very detailed course. You need to bring some time 1 or 2 h a week are not enough. But it is very well structured and everything is very well explained.
Complete, well constructed and deep-going: University of Illinois' courses are long, but for the ones that have time to spend on them, they are surely the best.
In 8 weeks I've learned more than in other courses I've been doing this size. It's complete, general view of many environmental aspects, from economy to ecology
A very nice course, providing
a solid introduction to the topic of sustainability. I would definitely recommend
it to anyone who is interested in this subject.
I learned a lot from the course albeit having studied similar courses in university. Dr. Tomkin is an amazing lecturer and the videos were engaging. Thank you!
Very well designed course with excellent material, well balanced in terms of amount of information, level of understanding, coherence in the course structure.
Great introduction to sustainability with lots of interesting and varied topics. Good mix of videos, clips, quizzes and assessments, would highly recommend.
I learn new things and I thats awesome because if this course told me what i already knew it would be very boring. But I had a great time learningThank you!
I loved it! I haven't finished yet, but it is very interesting and I'm learning a lot! He is such a great techer! It is not boring and neither the classes.
I really enjoyed this course. It gives a great overview of the correlation of global actions and the consequenses for the worlwide sustainability path.
As having a career in architectural field, i have broadened my ideas about sustainable development  and it will help me a lot in my further exploring.
Excellent course for creating new ideas and schemes of what sustainability should be and how new solutions for our changing world must be implemented.
This coursevis useful and quality standard. I have learnt enough from this course that will lead me to fulfil my ambitions and help build my career.
Now I have a comprehensive understanding of what sustainability as a complete unit is about. It was a bit challenging but worth spending your time!
this course open my mind to some issues and show me different point of views about the world and the theories around it to make it a better place.
Wonderful course. Opened me to sustainability ideas as well as current issues facing our world in a lucid and informative way. Highly recommended!
A very important and valuable course for all the budding engineers in the world. request all the engineers to study this course and get knowledge
the five points. I consider that this course is very usuful and importat. We can learn more about problems that are important for our environment
The Course was really fantastic! I was really new to sustainability, it cleared the basic concept and gave the vision of the thing! Recommended!
Provided excellent insights to sustainability. Kudos to Dr. Tomkin for the lucid lecture videos compiled. Would recommend this course to anyone.
I learned many things from this course and got the idea about sustainability. I will personally give all the useful information to my network.
Excelent course, very well structured, very well conducted by the teatcher. I learned very much new concepts that will be very usefull for me.
Very thorough and sufficiently challenging. The explanation really allows you to understand a lot of very foreign concepts easily. Thank you!
The course is comprehensive, although I pretty much knew everything about the topic it helped me to arrange the knowledge and systematize it.
great course which give enough details on a high scale of sustainability from a science point of view to economics and a more modern approach
Very interesting and important information to understand our current situation and learn that we are in the time to make corrective actions.
The wealth of information was enlightening. I feel I have a much better grasp of the underlying science and issues for a sustainable planet.
Great course, this helped me decide whether or not I would like to pursue a degree in this field (I decided in the affirmative). Thank you!
It is a very good introductory course. It has really widen my knowledge about the topic and how to see factors important for earth system.
This Course is moderate and very informative and can be done by anyone and there will be no need of any prerequiste knowledge required.
I like how the lectures are delivered. It is very engaging, and the content has been very useful. Level of details is also good for me.
this course was very interesting and will be very useful in my every day life, thank coursera to put it for free during this pandemic
A great course with a lot of new informations. It is very useful when you want to put in practice the things Mr. Jonathan teaches us.
A very good planned course. The instructor is awesome. He explanation is excellent. The whole course is prepared carefully. Thank You
Excellent course with a great professor. I have learnt a lot from it. It would be nice to have some more up to date sources, however.
Ideal course for those who want to have a wholesome idea about sustainability over the period from centuries back to recent decade.
This course gives me understanding and has inspired me to study more deeply on this topic. Thank you Prof. Jonathan Tomkin so much.
The course has significantly improved my understanding of key concepts with real-world examples and excellent additional material.
Great Content and Structure. I really enjoyed the course, it gives a good foundation about the huge topic which is sustainability.
These lectures are really helpful for people to understand current issues all the world; consequently, very one should learn them!
Fantastic course! It is worth doing if you are interested in Sustainability issues. I have learnt many things during this weeks!
This course is very good & i enjoyed this course very much  especially the videos and quiz are  very much effective .thank you
A very good online course. I learned a lot about how I can change and contribute to a more sustainable future for all of us.
I really liked this course. It is very professional and give you a wide overview of all the issues related to sustainability
This course is very recommended to all for more awareness and for the world to be on the sustainable path in the future 😊
This is one of the best courses for you if you are looking for detailed and comprehensive introduction to sustainability.
Excellent course...really opened my eyes towards various aspects that  influence environmental impact and sustainability.
Great course. I learned a lot and am feeling more confident as I enter into my Masters in Sustainable Management program.
Very insightful and thorough course! Professor was knowledgable and clear in his teachings. Will recommend this course.
I truly enjoyed this course. All the content is relevant and very well explained by the professor. Highly recommended.
This is really helpful and learnt a lot during the course. highly recommended If you are interested in sustainability.
I have learned a lot from this course. It is very informative and have strengthened my understanding of sustainability
Congratulations, very interesting course about a very important matter, I have learned lots of new things, thank you.
Very well documented. Excellent presentations with updated info. Fantastic expositions! Estimulates Critical Thinking
Great intro to sustainability concepts. It is really helpful to better understand current trends beyond the surface.
Amazing course! Jonathan Tomkin makes his lectures easy to understand and his lessons were easy to follow through.
Great course, very insightful, we truly get the feeling we are covering all the basic concepts.Thank you very much
This course has changed my perspective toward online study !!!I hope more improvment will make true for everyone.
A great course to start understanding all topics that refer to our world, environment, and lives are involved in.
Course design is well thought out. Definitely a good foundation course if you want to learn about sustainability.
I enjoyed this course for the best of my knowledge and this course had given me a clear insight on the subject
The course is amazing! I've learned a lot, and ended up feeling inspired and confident I can help the world be
This course is so engaging, and very practical. You get a feeling that you are actually in a lecture theatre.
It was pretty great, and somewhat easy....But, the concepts are really important to yourself and the world..!
Believe me! This course totally worth. Thank you Jonathan Thomkin, University of Illinois and Coursera staff.
Solid, comprehensive, and interesting course covering the basic concepts and sciences behind sustainability.
Very educational and enlightening. I recommend this course for anyone trying to venture into sustainability.
I loved the course, I learn many things, the teachers are wonderful, and I glad coursera for this oportunity
It's really an amazing course! The concepts were explained in a very systematic manner. Highly recommended.
I realize the complexity of the area and get a realistic perspective. the content is excellent and concise
The course was very well designed with interesting videos and meaningful peer reviews. Recommended to all.
For someone who wants to learn and study the environment this gave me an idea of what I would be learning.
It is a really good course, it covers all the sustainability pillars with great explanations and examples.
Great course, it provides an extensive view and approach to sustainability. A great introduction, indeed!
Great overview of all aspects of sustainability. Really enjoyed the course, great content and instructor.
This is the most toughest one I have ever enrolled. Though, I didn't give up. Even, it seems fun to me.
I learned a great about sustainability. It gave me new horizontals and verticals to think in this area.
Teaching Of Professor Tomkin was much familiar and interesting. I enjoyed learning  this course a lot.
Good course. I recommend this to all who wants to learn and improve their knowledge on sustainability.
One of the most interesting and useful course I have taken in my life! Professor Tompkins is the best!
One of the best designed course in Coursera, gives you thorough knowledge of the Environmental Issues.
It was one great eye-opener. I wish to get a job with this. Thank you so much for your guidance John.
Very interesting and complete, with a great mix of theory and real-life examples. Highly recommended!
Everybody should do this course! Amazing how things are well explained and detailed! I am fascinated!
I am very grateful to Professor dr. Tomkin for his clarity, impartiality and transmitted knowledge.
This is a great course, provides overall view of our life's with and without sustainable practices.
Very much effective course .....I found a lot of statistics.It enrich my knowledge one step up....
Informative class touching on a wide array of topics. This instructor (and school) is also great.
Very informative and well-organized lectures and readings. An excellent course. Highly recommend.
The way course content was set and the way it was explained was very good and easy to understand.
Very interesting course, I learn lot of information about sustainability. Thank for your effort.
A necessary course for all aspiring environmentalists like me. Informative and straightforward.
Great introduction to sustainability studies. An easy timeline and good quality on the videos.
Well structured course covering the essential components of sustainability.  Enjoyed learning.
Professor Tompkins' discussed topics that were both informative and relevant to today's world.
excellent course, content and professor. Very enlightening material delivered very digestibly.
Informative introductory course, setting a good foundation for thinking about sustainability.
Interesting study! I've learned a lot and goes way beyond my previous sustainability mindset.
I am very happy about this course. It was very well done and I really enjoyed it. Many thanks
A very engaging course that covers broad concepts and is thought-provoking at the same time!
a very interesting course, that  provides a broad knowledge of the topic of sustainability
Great Course for beginners and Extremely well structured by Dr. Tomkins and the University
It was personally an eye-opener towards sustainability for me in so many ways. Thank you.
Great material, very interesting courses, I would highly recommend this course to anyone!
Very insightful! I enjoyed every moment of this course and I would totally recommend it.
It was great! Especially, Prof, Tompkin is conveying the fact in a very tangible manner.
It was an amazing course, easy to understand and follow with course.very much satisfied
Highly recommended for who wants to know multidisciplinary linkages of sustainability.
Really a nice course. Instructor is very nice and easily explains difficult concepts.
Great course, very interesting and explained in a very friendly and easy way. Thanks!
I liked this course especially the way how they teach key points, Thank you Coursera
Very much helpful to those who want to start learning about Sustainability concept.
Answered a lot of my questions and taught me about how life works. Really loved it.
A very interesting and complete MOOC regarding Sustainability, should be mandatory!
It´s a great course, I learned a lot about how and why take care of my environment
It is a great course though I think it would need to be revisited for 2020 updates
Sad, the course end too fast, enjoyed the journy throughout the course very much.
Its just an introduction and not to deep into the topics. Very well illustrated!
Great content! Very interesting course and well explained and organized. thanks!
very broad, but focus on important subjects as sustainability is a vast theme
Great course to learn and understand the key concepts behind sustainability.
I learned more than I had hoped for.  Thank you so much Dr. Jonathan Tomkin.
Brilliant course with great standards and thanks to sir Dr. Jonathan Tomkin
Very complete information about past, present and future of sustainability.
The course materials were very good. Overall, I really enjoyed this course.
Nicely arranged course...perfect for a budding environmentalist like me.
Extremely lengthy but a well thought out course and loved it completely
It gave me a good overview of sustainability, key terms and the future.
Very interesting and nice presentation from more than one perspective.
Very good introductory course with an appropriate level of difficulty.
Great. Simply, a course that everyone has to do. Simple and necessary.
Very interesting course, which enhanced my knowledge about the topic.
Excellent course. Jonathon Tompkin is a great instructor I ever seen.
Very precise, detailed course on top of being incredibly interesting!
Excellent starter course about energy sustainability for the future!
A brillian insight to sustainability and all the elements around it.
Great course very insightful and well created. Thank you very much!
I am very happy with this achievement and I will continue to study.
The course was very informative and intensive! Absolutely loved it!
Great course! The information I learned there is really priceless!
Excellent course and material. Really enjoyed this one. Thank you.
well developed course, enhances trainee skills ... simply amazing
Enlighting, a good option for those interested in Sustainability.
I found this course as an excellent introduction to the subject.
Great course! Perfect overview of sustainability's key elements.
Very comprehensive course that gives a lot of food for thought!
excelente.... really really good I saw all videos in one night.
This Course Is very Helpful for me to know about sustainabilty
Very informative course,compels you to think about the future.
Excellent introduction to the basic concepts of sustainability
Excellent class, thank you for allowing this to be available.
A really good course with amazing and apt knowledge provided!
It is a very clear picture of a global issue, sustainability.
Awsome, interesting, well structured.  I strongly recommend.
This course offers an excellent overview about the subject.
Extremely interesting and useful, it's definitely worth it
Thank you for all the information and the good explication
A must know for people living in the world of consumption.
I loved this course and learned much more than I expected.
Lots of information, and very well organised super course.
Nice explaination about current and future earth condition
Great course, it would be helpful to have a 2020 version.
Really, it was an amazing course. I learnt a lot from it.
Great Course to commence journey towards sustainability!
a great introduction with a variety of learning formats.
This is very nice course .It increase my knowledge level
this course is really productive in every field of life
Great course! Content was interesting and appropriate.
this was by far the best course which i have attended
Great Course. Gives a deep insight on sustainability.
there is alot to learn and research from the topics.
Really interesting course, but in need of an update.
Very informative and methodology is really helpful.
It was really a good course. I found it much useful
population aspects of sustainability were new to me
Helpful to understand the basics of sustainability.
very informative course and acquired full knowledge
It covers all the necessary parts in sustainability
Thank you for the knowledge and an awesome course.
This is a very important course in current world.
This course is very informative and interesting.
Very enlightening and thought-provoking course.
This is one of the best courses I've ever taken
It broadens my knowledge regarding the course.
I Hope to make more free certificate courses.
Wonderful course. Amazing learning experience
this course is so amazing ! thank you so much
Simply an outstanding introduction. Thank you
Very helpful course. I really enjoyed it all.
I learned a lot from this course, thank you!
wonderfull course got to learn something new
The course is very informative and engaging.
Great course. A lot of interesting concepts.
very very amazing courses . Really loved it.
it is really charming and interesting course
Amazing. Every body should take this course.
Very interesting....I strongly recommend it.
A really good course. Intense and engaging.
the course was very useful and innovative.
This course was worth it and I enjoyed it.
Such a prepared material and best lecture
Great course worth every hour spent on it
very wonderful course, I learnt so much.
Excellent course, I always recommend it.
I've learnt a lot thanks to this course
Excellent course.Very good instructor.
veru informative course with examples
Thank you for such informative course
1st CLASS and top-notch in every way.
Very good. I change my form of think.
Excellent and very necessary course.
im the master of the sustainability
I can tell, this course is a MUST!!
I learnt a lot through this course
one of the best course in Coursera
I had enjoyed it very much. Thanks
Fantastic Course i have ever done.
Very good and knowledgable course
The Course was really interesting
excellent and Interesting course
It’s a great experiences for me
I like hear this kind of topics
Very satisfied with the course.
very nice & informative course
amazing course, learned a lot.
it is great course for leaners
It's exceedingly enlightening.
it is very hard, but its worth
I learned so much. Thank you!!
It was really helpful for me.
Nice course...worth pursuing.
Perfectly structured modules
Amazing, mind opening class!
Extremely one worthy course
Informative and interesting
Great Course Learned a lot!
It was excellent experencie
Worth every dedicated hour
Very informative & useful
it was hard, but worth it
Insightful and enjoyable.
Useful,A great learning!
course was very helpful
It's a solid course!
Good Study Material
Very Good Course .
Exceptionally well
informative course
super interesting
I Loved It
