I found this course to be very basic. I appreciate that Marketing requires a broad interaction, but a course designed to take 4 weeks (with 2~3 weeks of actual content) is too much. I need to learn about cost-per-click, impressions, ROI on ad spend - that sort of thing. I don't see how 3D printing is relevant to the majority of people in marketing today.
Google 4Ps of marketing mix. Save yourself 80 Dollars. This course only speaks about the 4Ps and doesn't teach you any skill whatsoever. It's very frustrating as it's only theoritical and was made in 2013. We are 2019, 3D printers are normal by now, not a wonder of futuristic technology nor relevant to digital marketing.
Really bad! Beats around the bush, doesn't know how to explain things!
Contrary to what is being billed here, all the concepts here are from the more traditional school of marketing. The way the 4Ps are explained and applied (through barely) related to consumer products that are retailed. Digital marketing has barely made a dent in their revenues.Technology products don't follow this model.Another annoying aspect of this course is that things are not well defined so they can't be applied. "customer co-creation" is presented as a ground breaking idea but it is defined so vaguely. The definition states that customer co-creation is any contribution by a customer or otherwise that helps shape the products. What is considered contribution? Is product feedback contribution? If so, this idea is as old as a Bazaar. Or does the customer actually have to do creative work, in the case of Threadless.The big problem with this course is that it does not introduce the student to any new mental frameworks, leave alone anything practical. This course is a prime example of academiaitis - ideas created in ivory towers without any practical input or use.
Good material so far, but full of trashy people who take it for free due to agreements between Coursera and their universities, write "success" as the complete answer to why a company is successful, giving each other great grades for the oh-so amazing effort, while giving you 0 when you actually spent 2 hours or more answering the same question, relying on good sources and proving each and every point. Great, right? Coursera, decide whether it's better to keep more paying customers who are actually here to learn or if you should give away certificates to people who will make their values sink, considering how they DO NOT study a single damned thing, yet they get the same certificate with even better grades. I'm going to contact their help desk, maybe they will actually do something about one of these amazing learners who rated each answer I wrote 0 out of 3 with a picture on his profile. I took screenshots proving my point, hopefully they will do something about this guy.
Didn't think that this is the best course for people who want to learn about Digital Marketing. The learning process is very slow and sometimes I felt that more could be learnt by just reading a number of books or articles on this topic. There is no dialogue with the professor (or anyone who has more experience or knowledge, the assignments are checked by people who are also taking this course. Though one would expect to learn from the assignments and mistakes he or she makes during it. Instead some people who have ideas, maybe even wrong ones, about this specific area of knowledge, judge your work (I could be also wrong about those things and have to grade somebody's work, which is a bit confusing). Besides, the assignments are not very interesting or challenging. I wouldn't recommend passing this course.
I was so sadly unimpressed by the process of this course. I had one great week, with good teaching and content, and then when I was getting ready for week 2 - and I paid a membership to get to continue, the deadlines were several weeks into the future. Deadlines, that also guarded the content, meaning I had to stop. Meaning, it slowed me down and made me focus on other stuff instead of keeping the momentum going. Yes, it is also my responsibility, but the way the course was setup with deadlines and locked content - just doesn't make any sense and now it feels more like a money grab than anything else. Which is a shame, because the actual content seemed great.
Really poor approach to grade this course. Regardless of the effort put in on assignments, peer reviews are inconsistent, unguided and poor as a result, bringing down the final grade one is likely to obtain on a course. There is also a limited course support from the staff and no feedback in general for any of the issues raise. Personally I would not recommend
Had a great expectation on this course. The syllabus seems to be outdated and no more relevant. It's more of theoretical based approach and not much practical. Things like customer co-creation were explained really good. The most distracting and irritating part during the video is the professor trying to keep holding his spectacle.
This course serves as a reminder for how important independent, critical reasoning is to counter fads. Many of the technological examples and the companies studied have not stood the test of time.  Many can soon become counter-examples of how digital innovation can go wrong. Yet the course has not been updated to reflect that.
I have to apologize this course was so out of date. Yes, I learned a few things, but the recommended reading was from 2010 and 2011. One of the assignments was about an app that no longer exists. Had I not already purchased multiple classes I don't think I would continue on. I hope the next classes are more up-to-date.
The videos are long and not engaging enough. Rather than digital marketing concepts, this was more an application of trends to traditional marketing concepts. Some of the topics are already outdated and some assignments were more applicable to those residing in the U.S. or are not exactly feasible to do at this point.
Complete waste of time. The user review process is a joke. I lost points because my "answer was short." Not that it didn't answer the question or that it was a bad reponse. Literally that it was short. If you have to explain the most basic of questions with a paragraph then you probably don't understand the topic.
All the information, case studies, academic studies, research papers, tools sites in this course are very old. In this digital age when everything is moving & evolving so fast, why is this basic section of the specialization not being updated? This course was not worth the money charged by coursera.
Whoever creates this course has no shame. They took my 40 euros and gave me a material that can be found on Wikipedia. The most shameless act I have ever seen in my life. I hope you will get heavily sick and will buy medicines for that 40 euros. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Co-creation
I am suffering for verifying my id. please check it   Enter your real name. This is the name that will appear on your certificates. We may contact you to verify your identity, so please make sure this matches the name on your government-issued ID. why this ??
This was really an disappointment as nothing about Digital marketing is specifically taught in this course, it's just a waste of time to spend money and time on this. The certificate is worth nothing, it's a clear NO. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS.
IMHO a very superficial course.Lots of outdated material (user-generated content was a big thing 5 to 10 years ago, not anymore). Lacked going in depth.It discouraged me from pursuing the rest of the specialisation.
Seems like the course was designed for my great grandma who's never heard about those things before. Too much evident and too much academic. I was expecting something more practical to use in my online business.
So bad, instructor is teaching and marketing for products he likes and use only, and giving quizzes about the product info and features which are not related to marketing at all.Overall time and money waste.
Should be just a normal marketing course. It doesn't really teach you marketing. It teaches the concepts and names which are technically useless if needed in the real marketing world.
It is very boring. It could have been more engaging and had some nice graphics to it. Right now... the tone is very dull and that makes it hard to complete the course.
Paid for the course and never took it. Terrible professor teaching the course, the format was poorly put together, and just wasn't overall a very good course.
I couldn't get passed the Starbuck assignment, I don't really understand why the choose such a bad application of digital marketing.
Needs to be updated with more recent case studies, and more technical in nature. The 4ps can be condensed down to a single week.
Hated the course and the content. I truly regret investing my money on this course.
No guidelines for peer review assessments, technical issues, very clunky website.
I want to unenroll from this course.Please help me with the procedure.
Very basic course with very dated material (mostly 20019 to 2011).
So academic... Interview with students has no value and no point.
Someone who doesnt pay doesnt really participate in this course
not practical , and actually worthless and waste of time
worst..............not at all useful
worst course i have ever seen.
Content needs to be updated
I can't start this course
Outdated and irrelevant.
Boring instructor
very boring
Hello, I have mixed feelings about this course and thought it needed an explanation for the bad review.Firstly this was my first experience of elearning and I found the format thoroughly enjoyable. The short videos interrupted by questions are great, the case study system is great and the peer reviews, though often limited, give a sense of belonging to a class.The contents structure is also pretty good, introducing the four Ps of marketing and seeing what effect digital marketing has on them.The main problem, which actually ruins the course, is that everything is outdated. Taking examples from between 6 and 10 years ago in digital marketing is simply not possible. The word instagram is not mentioned once and Facebook is a new platform that we don't know much about yet. It very rapidly starts to feel like listening to your grandfather who recently discovered emails.The most recent contents is from 4 years ago. Facebook had just started to let users edit their posts...So this is a once great course that desperately need refreshing!
I assumed this course was going to cover digital marketing concepts but it seems to be about product design and product marketing, which is not what I'm interested in. It seems to be a bit misrepresented in the description and title. If you're interested in things like how to use social media for marketing, content marketing, SEO, and that kind of thing, DON'T TAKE THIS COURSE. If you're interested in designing, branding and marketing products using digital tools, this is the class for you. There are some problems with the tech (certain modules don't work, links are wrong, etc.) I've reported these so maybe they're fixed now. But it doesn't give me a lot of confidence in the course. I left after the first week because it doesn't cover what I need to learn.
As with many business courses there is a lot of superficial talk here without providing much insights.The course covers absolute basics that can be learned from any beginners text book about marketing. However, the time needed to run through this course is way longer than just grabbing a good book and take it from there.The only area where this course creates some additional value is with some of the exercises. It is when you are required to think for yourself about a problem that you are also starting to learn. However, the overall quality of these exercises is mixed and not particularly high. For instance, there is one exercise for you to edit a Wikipedia entry and answer some banale questions about that. A complete waste of time. Similarly, you are expected to make some suggestions for Starbucks to improve their business using their online tool. Again, superficial questions are being asked while writing something that makes some sense still requires time. And the worst of them all: Calculating how much money you saved by using a price comparison app. Quite ridiculous how they are able to charge money for such a garbage exercise.Last, I am not fully convinced that other students are skilled enough to assess my answers to these questions, generally. I have received perfect marks, i.e. exceeding expectations, for rather average answers, and I have received marks "in expectation" for elaborated answers in which I put real effort (including citations to back up arguments). One should start thinking about what the incentives are for other students to grade the work of peers. I would assume, most people don't care too much and just let other "pass".
I think the content was quite interesting; as someone new to marketing, I was really looking forward to the lectures and exercises. However, the content was simply too much for me to complete. It's a bit ironic that a course about marketing missed its market. To give a bit more detail: there were 12 video lectures, 3 assignments that had to be done days before the end of the week to be peer-reviewed, and then I had to peer review others work, while also going through all the assigned reading. It seemed more like a courseload for a full time student or perhaps a part-time student. As online students typically are neither, I'm surprised the course content wasn't better managed. I take a lot of notes, so perhaps that's what slowed me down, but I also have a full time job and I intern on the weekends. I was hoping this course could easily be done in the evening hours. Other coursera courses provided an excellent balance of content and courseload, I'm disappointed that this course wasn't one of them. It seemed very useful and interesting.
This course dedicates an entire week to very simple topics. The lectures could use some serious editing too. To help you understand what I expect, I'm taking this at the same time as I'm taking Wharton's Week 1 Entrepreneurship program. I've also taken Wharton's Intro to Marketing course which I highly suggest over this course. The quality is dramatically better. Getting Started: Agile Meets Design Thinking is a University of Virginia course that also is a great example of how these courses should be done. I'm hoping the next courses in the Digital Marketing Capstone are much better so that I'm not watching a lecture and counting how many times the professor pushes his glasses back up.  


On the plus side, I did like the engagement this course encourages by forcing you to go to other websites & accomplish things as well as review your peers work. I wish your peer reviews had less of an outcome on your grade though. In my experience, many people did not even read the instructions on how to review the assignments.
I loved the lectures and the pace of the course work and the information is super interesting but it's also quite dated. Digital marketing by it's very nature is very dynamic and unfortunately these lectures while filled with great information are a bit behind the times. The worst part about the course is the assignments and the peer review structure. I like working at my own pace and unfortunately this course bogs you down by making you peer review others work before it will unlock some of the following videos or give you a grade. Now that in and of itself isn't an issue however there was almost never any work to review and you were always caught waiting for someone to submit their work before you could move forward, this was truly frustrating and very unfair in my opinion. Not to mention that fact that my work and peer reviews vanished at one point and I needed to resubmit the assignment all over again.
The quality is good but the scope is not.  It is not a comprehensive view of Digital Marketing basics for beginners, nor a deeper view of the key digital marketing topics for novice digital marketers.  It covers to some depth an idiosyncratic set of topics within the digital marketing.  The topics are mostly niche (e.g. 3D printing, price comparison engines), they aren't particularly important in the digital marketing world and in some cases a bit outdated.  The topics appear to be in the course only because the professor has taken interests in them or written about them.The scope of this course could be re-thought to cover at basic level what most digital marketing professionals would consider key topics of digital marketing.
I find the course too basic, I was expecting a lot more . There is too much explanation about the basic of marketing ( explanation about the 4P!) and too little about more concrete topic relevant for digital media: the use of the different digital touch points, the kpi, ...Additionally I found the example and articles shared a bit too old.
Despite the very good content and likeable instructor, this course does not seem to encourage clear, concise and relevant answers for the peer-graded assignments. We are supposed to show a clear understanding of the subject matter, not write entire novels about how one company's website made us feel!
Video is of poor quality, instructor distracts you picking up his glasses from his nose every 5 seconds, reading outdated (you can suggests books from 2000 on Digital topics) and last assignment is based on a website that is not longer online.
I was informed that I will be able to complete the course in 180 days from the starting date. According to this, I should still be able to complete the course. Why was I locked out of the course? Please respond back on this asap.
I think the course's structure is not very clear and not interesting compared with the introduction to marketing course. In addition, I don't think I benefit from various kinds of "new" form of study such as the digital IQ part.
course has been outdated. it must be updated now year is 2020 and still the facts and studies are old. some references there are to read even have new sites link not working.
I didn't get the chance to really explore what digital World was since it was only a 7 day trial. Not enough for someone that has a daily job.
Doesn't talk about any tools for digital marketing.Provides a fundamental view of marketing techniques
I think the subject of the lesso are in some case to old. It could be a good idea to update it
I am Still Waiting for my certificate
sound of videos are very low
Ok,not what I expected.
Empty of content
Course in general is interesting and worth to take if you are really beginner in marketing. If you some experience - treat it as collection of ice additional materials to read. My suggestion to professors would be to update digital courses, as situation is changing really rapidly and 2-3 years make a big difference. Most of cases and materials were latest of 2014.
I liked that there were many practical exercises and it was talked about many crazy new technologies.Still, I feel that there was a lot of subtle publicity throughout the course and sometimes the focus was more on the promoting a brand than the lesson and knowledge itself (ex. 3dhubs, the professors lab, Daqri, ....).I understand that to understand better, we need examples, but I wonder if it could maybe be done in a different way.Nevertheless, I learned a lot.Thanks a lot for all the lessons!
The course was informative and engaging. However, the process of receiving peer reviews on exercises was extremely frustrating and detracted from my overall satisfaction with the course. Many people ignored the grading criteria and gave me a lower score than was warranted, despite having answered the question(s) fully, referencing lecture material and even including additional information sources (all of which was referenced with links). I know that I am not alone in this experience, as these types of comments come up frequently in the forum posts. Since there is no recourse for a poor grade other than to resubmit an exercise to a new cohort of peers and hope that they are more fairly critiqued, this grading process puts students at the mercy of peers who either do not understand or do not care about the instructions for grading each other's work.
The learning material is quite good and I can genuinely say that I learned new things. However, I was disappointed by the peer rated assignments. It seemed that the majority of them were either plagiarized or spam. It made me think that Coursera should find ways to ensure that "real" people send in assignments. It was really disappointing to have to grade assignments and most of them to be copied + pasted or spammy. I was also disappointed by how I was graded by someone who clearly had a troll sort of account. They graded my responses as "insufficient" when I had clearly taken the effort to actually write something. This didn't affect in any way my grades or me finishing the course, but it still bugged me that the peer graded reviews were so... poorly executed.
I was expecting more emphasis on marketing in a digital world in regards to what are some of the trends in digital marketing and felt too much time was devoted to 3-D printing and Local Motors. Then there wasn't much emphasis in marketing such as the shift in media, impact of social media, importance and collection of digital data, differences in traditional and digital marketing. How to use digital media in B2B businesses and its impact.
The topics, professor, quality and methodology are great. It is easy to understand for someone who doesnt belong to the field.  However, I have my ethical objections related to:- Using the course as a way to promote big brands which I guess it is not for free (look how many times was mentioned Coca-Cola or its longer definition in the glosary, what a coincidence Tesla is a case but also professor's car or professor uses a t-shirt and then a case is  a company like Threadless)  and when some of them like Coca-Cola has unethical behaviour in the Third world  and use GMO in the Coke formula.-Using question number 3 in all Peer-graded Assignments to take advantage of students's ideas and improve the companies  for free.-Using the course as a way to promote the university with unnecessary  sections like "View from the quad" where the institution show how "diverse" it is (white, black, latin, asian)  and using for example a couple of asians who werent born in US when US universities get a large part of their profits with foreign asian students.  This course is not for free. My goverment is paying for it with my taxes so I as a student and client I deserve respect.  My field is social science and I applied speech analysis to the course.
I have worked in marketing 20 years and thought that I knew the basics and that this intro class would be easy.  However, I really learned a lot about theory, concepts, and research I had not heard before.  I am disappointed in the forum because several of us had the same question and no one provided an answer--and we can't go to the professor.  I'm also upset with the peer reviews.  The forum is completely taken up by people who want you to review their assignments.  I think this is some way of agreeing to pass each other.  I reviewed many assignments where peers have plagiarized from Wikipedia or simply put in nonsensical answers.  I think they are just hoping the peer will pass them.  This brings the overall value of the certification down.
Please note that this course is very lengthy and requires more of your time than other iMBA courses (atleast from my experience from the courses i've taken till now). Each week consists of 2 quiz es and one peer review assignment with one review your peers assignment. This is such a drag. Usually in other courses it's either quiz week or assignment week. But for this it's both, all the weeks. Although, the assignment makes no sense because you are not grading based on your knowledge of the course but on how lengthy and how 'creative' someone was in their answer. Naturally everyone gets a bad grade. Some even write things that's not in the course. Be warned
The course content was comprehensive, thorough and required note taking with preparation for quizzes.  Solid academically. Some of the assignments required use of third party applications and websites that did function as anticipated or are no longer supported. Peer grading was very poor. It frequently seemed students did not read submissions, off handedly grading. At times comments did not match the scores, such as "nice work," or "good job," while giving only 3 stars.
I found it to be a very basic course, instead of being offered as a separate course this could actually be covered in one module as part of the advanced level. Also, some of the case studies are outdated as i could see the course was developed in 2014. given that its a digital marketing related course, it becomes all the more important to have more recent and relevant case studies for this course.
The professor is excellent and presentation materials are very good.  I gave only three stars because much of the course content is outdated by over 5 years and in some cases over 10 years!.  This is unacceptable in a digital marketing college level course because the technology evolution cycle is getting shorter with each passing year and some of the case study examples are now obsolete.
I feel the peer-review process is flawed in that the standard for grading fluctuates greatly between users. Also the premise of beginners grading the work of other beginners seems odd to me. I realize the Prof. and his TA's are busy and we are lowly online learners, but perhaps you could find industry mentors willing to devote time to grading, so some real insight could be gained.
I found the information dated and the exercises applied to digital marketing as a consumer first and foremeost secondarily as a B2C marketer.  A B2B exercise would have been valuable as well because the markets act so different.  Some of the exercises were not remotely useful.  I did enjoy the Radiohead, Threadless, and Thingiverse exercises and learn from them.
The course is very slow paced considering it's just macro level information. The instructor has a very dull and low voice and speaking tone, making it difficult to clearly hear and understand what he's saying. Other things are fine. Please make the course faster, change instructors to someone who can actually speak and has some energy in their voice.
I thought the course was illuminating and a great start to the specialization. I had me thinking and discussing what I learned. Professor Aric could use a little more energy as he had a very scripted feel to the lecture videos which almost felt like he was reading from the marketing dictionary. However, he was very thorough and informative.
It is a good and easy-to-follow course, the examples are fun, but they are very outdated, which is why the credibility of the course is questionable. I wouldn't spend the money on a certificate, if it does not teach what to do now. It helps understand the marketing techniques used already better but there is little new to be learned.
Some of the examples used and the assignments given were quite old dated that no longer exist. Also, some of them were region specific tasks. This is a global course site and hence course structure should be such that every region could easily access the information and can contribute well in the assignments.
Good course. Not very comprehensive in topics covered, but that would be expected in online course.Would've liked to see more examples of how various industries implemented some of the digital tools related to the 4Ps, in the different modules (through real interviews with industry marketing executives)
It is a good introductory course to digital marketing. Only that there ought to be more concepts and more academic rigour than just asking us "What is your 'feeling' about 3D printing?" It is a academic course, not some walk on a park. (But perhaps, other digital marketing courses will fill those gaps.)
i took the course when the pricing structure was different and we had to pay per course. That model was very expensive and the content offered in the course in that amount was not worth the price i paid. now, since we are paying monthly and can complete as fast as possible, i think it would be worth it.
The course is great, but the material is a bit outdated for 2018. Although the digital age is moving very fast and it is not easy to keep up. It feels that some more current up to date information is lacking. Overall a great course to start you first steps in the Digital world.
Very good learning and very nice explanation. Just that the material is very outdated. You really need to revamp and update the course curriculum. As a Digital Marketing Manager, I had come across multiple tactics and opportunities that we had exploited at least 3-4 years ago.
The course talks only about how digital marketing can supplement the normal marketing, and only talks about the physical products.It would be very helpful to learn how to market services and online products [think of a new social platform or someone starting an SEO firm].
Videos rather slow and don't keep you focus. Voice of the professor is rather low key and slow. Hard to pay attention at times. Even though there are examples, it should be more interactive with other videos rather than links of text.
It was a good course, but felt short of my expectations due to too many case studies with excessive details without giving you a proper framework to learn to think 'digital', what I meant is that I felt I was learning from anecdotes.
This is a valuable course which tells you new innovative concepts about digital marketing, but I think many ideas introduced here are going to work for large businesses. so as a small business owner this course is not perfect for me.
In general I liked the course and content! However, some cases studies should be updated. The digital world changes dramatically fast and the course must follow it. We always expect to learn the latest trend and current examples.
Some good case studies and interesting content, but it's a 50,000 foot view of marketing. I was seeking a more technical and channel specific insights.  This is much more conceptual and high level, so it was less useful for me.
I expected it to be related to marketing using social media. However, it is about 3D printers and 4Ps of marketing and how the digital tools are changing them. I strongly think that the course material needs to be updated.
I enjoyed this course on a high level.It could use how to examples such as how to set up and run a digital marketing campaign.Having stated the above, I would take this course again because it was fun.Cheer, Victor
Too superficial and students exam method has this great flaw needing others students availablity to evaluate each others. On average it takes 3 days to get submissions evaluated holding you back to move forward.
This course would be more helpful if the content was updated. We are reviewing case studies and articles that are 3-4 years old. Updated, more relevant content would take this course from ok to great.
Too basic, lack of academic insights, too much simplification of the concepts. Suitable and for sure insightful for participants without any business background whatsoever, but not for others.
Great learning overall. The down side I've found is that Peer review assignment, some of the peers don't review my assignments nicely, I tried to make interaction but seems not working.
It was a good course. A good started point. However, I would have liked for it to be more current. Some of the information is now outdated as we are in 2019 and so much has changed.
Given the great reviews I expected a lot more from this course. It does cover some new developments and provides good examples, but otherwise quite boring and standard fare.
This course definitely enhanced my marketing knowledge but I recommend it be updated. Assignments such as Red Laser should be updated considering the app has been shut down.
For the course it was easy to understand and clear which worths one more star. But sadly, I had technical problem with changing session and support was not very helpful.
The content of the classes is very good, but sometimes the teacher makes the class very monotone. As an online course I think it is important to have more dynamism.
Good start to the course. Though I feel more energy and enthusiasm by the instructors would uplift the course. Some content is not prevalent at present (outdated).
The content is already old and needs to be updated. Of course it is still actual, but still - the newest text are from 2014, so newer examples would be great.
The professor is a bit monotone, he needs to be more animated. There are too many assignments , not all can be done while living outside the United States.
The program started off great, but then took a turn where I wasn't sure if we were learning about digital marketing or how big box retails are struggling.
The concepts and knowledge this course covers are useful and practical. The length of the videos is the only thing I dislike. Sometimes they are too long.
some of the links/websites are not valide anymore. Perhaps the course should be refreshed. Otherwise a great experience with a lot of new information.
This course isn't what I anticipated. I see where many topics related to "marketing in a digital world", but most if any had a indirect relationship.
Overall okay, but feels quite outdated. As a marketing professional and child of the digital age I feel like the course didn't go deep enough.
Very elementary introduction of key concepts.  Some of the material is a bit dated too.Overall, it was structured nicely and not terrible.
some reading materials are too old, even from 2011 etc. Other concepts like 3D printing are not really relevant and not that mainstream.
It’s near to be as a general marketing more than digital.Also the Material was old, we are going to 2020 should update the material.
Useful eye opener in different directions.Out-dated, could use an wisp of technology update with a few years since recording.
The course was delivered in a pleasant way, but it was too theoretical and too "academic". It did not match my expectations
Great base content, but many examples are 5+ years old.  Content needs to be updated, as much has changed since 2013/2014.
my name is sohaila sameh elsayed ahmed not sohaila ahmed as you sent my certificate with wrong name please correct my name
Nice course for practical knowledge of new marketing concepts / possibilities through the changing digital environment.
Overall good course structure. I think perhaps some more updated examples need to be used for new marketing tactics.
Interesting concepts and introduction to the specialization but I wish the lectures were more natural and energetic.
The material can be  updated to show the latest stories and case studies. This aside liked the course.ThanksJeet
This Course needs a Update, im really disappointed of Week 4 and the Assignments are Outdated and nothing new
Dear SirI get the certificate with wrong name please check the issues and kindly reply meDebraj Kar
Very interesting to have a broad view of how marketing tools create value to consumer nowadays.
Peer to peer grading is ridiculous as you are trusting random people to grade your assignments
Could be updated to current market facts and standards. Some examples are quite outdated.
This course is great if all you are looking for is the theory behind digital marketing.
Good Information.  Not as engaging as some other courses I have taken on coursera.
Good overview.. Didnt like the campus interviews. But expert lectures were good.
Course is good but current digital marketing strategies should be explain more.
Did not ahve the time to take this course. Sorry. I'm sure it's brilliant :)
Good course for someone seeking to know fundamentals of Digital Marketing.
the course is very insightful and good for beginners in digital marketing
There was very less of practical learning and more of case studies.
The content is very old, still was new for me. Need to update more.
Good Material to study , specially the new concepts in each module
Practical knowledge on how to do digital marketing is not given.
Good course, but NO Statement of Accomplishment certificate
Outdated in some cases. Overall it feels a bit abonded
Terribly boring. Valuable information, nonetheless.
The course is good and provides you the knowledge!
some part of the course context is out of date.
Very old material, don't really recommend it.
A bit too basic and starting to look dated.
Quite obvious and not really useful...
Good explanation by using case study.
Good content, just a bit outdated.
May be too wide in terms of issues
Found it to be a bit outdated.
This course really helped me.
elementary .. good.
It was goof
The course is great, but a little too basic, as most moocs are. Also, there is a lot of more than 5 years old material.
As a first time experience in e-learning, I found this course quite enjoyable and generally a very good return on my own 'investment'. In my professional practice of Brand Consulting, knowledge of Digital Marketing has gained considerable precedence in the recent years. With 'Marketing in the Digital World' 1.0, I discovered substantial new insights. The learnings gained are already adding value to my ongoing work assignments.In terms of the course structure, the lectures were concise and simply explained by a very good Teacher. The assignment workload was well divided through theory and practical application based assignments, supported by module summary based quizzes; all of which helped me assimilate the information and understanding better. The practical application exercises also gave me some very exciting exposure to areas of personal interest such as Maker Tools and (User-generated) Content contributions.Here are a few areas that can be improved in the course. First, the primary framework of the marketing concepts could be made richer based on the enhanced current models of 4-P's. Second, the campus interviews could be made more engaging with online participation (similar to prompt questions in videos). Third, some of the reading material links need to be updated as they are stubs. Also, a more conducive alternative for the paid-subscription based reading links is required. Fourth, the peer grading system should either encourage reviewers to provide more detailed feedback, or be supported by some direct review from the Teacher/s. Though I received the best grades, I found very little useful inputs from my peers.Having said that, this course has opened a whole new avenue for me to increase focused learning that will help me take my business ahead. I plan to explore the latest available material through Marketing in a Digital World 2.0. I have already enrolled in the next course in this 7-course series under Digital Marketing Specialisation and am looking forward to it.
Honestly, when I started this course I had no idea about the impact of the overall course & things related to digital marketing. I thought this would be a mere certification online course, nothing specific or impactful things would be learnt. But When I started then I realized this course is going to change my idea of digital marketing & will help me to learn things beyond my expectation. When I completed the course, I fond myself significantly equipped with knowledge of digital marketing tools. Now I believe, I would be able to put together my idea of marketing in the digital platform for my organization. I hope I would use this in my future endeavours. Though I think discussion forum could have been better, it only responds for posts related to assignment review. I would love to see this platform is being used for content discussion for more serious & fruitful learning experience.Finally, I thank the course Instructor for such a wonderful mode of instruction.
This was a great introduction to digital marketing. The course was well-organised with a good variety of reading, video, lectures, and assignments. The instructor did a great job.I have two reasons for not giving it 5 stars. First is that it was a little too superficial. I would have appreciated a little more depth to the course and a little more work. I realise it was an intro course but even as an intro course, I felt it didn't really have enough substance.The other reason is the discussion forums. I would have appreciated having a forum to really discuss some of the class topics, but the forum was only filled with students asking other students to grade their work. Maybe it could be made more clear to students that the peer reviews will be automatically generated and that the forums should be used to discuss class content. Perhaps boards could be set up that are dedicated to specific topics related to class content.But overall this was a good course.
I really enjoyed the course as a primer to how firms are using new digital technology to change the traditional marketing mix. The materials were well organized, easy to follow and helpful in learning the theories presented. The content was great.One element of the course structure I don't care for is the peer graded assignments. I completed the four week course in 7 days (I was on vacation), but I've had to wait three more weeks for everyone else to catch up with me so I can grade their assignments. (You can't progress until you've graded three other students.) I also do not like that the grading is not blind, so you know exactly how your peers graded you and they know how you graded them. Not sure that merits the most honest grading results. If you grade someone honestly and they feel it was unfair or harsh, they may grade you harshly the next time. A blind system would allow honest feedback and ensure more truthful grading.
I was expecting a little bit more rigorous course, but the information provided and the way it was taught was refreshing. The professor was great and I look forward to enjoying future classes with him. My biggest caveat are the peer-based reviews. The fact that course is being offered around the world, the English language barrier does create some issues. I had situations where I clearly and fully answered questions and was given a one point rating for the answer. Or there were times when I answered a question in detail and they had a different opinion, so they only gave 1 or 2 points for the answer. If these classes were based on a grade-rating like traditional classes, that could really be a point of contention moving forward with the program.
The course was pretty interesting. It takes care of the basic idea of online marketing. What I didn't like is that everything was a bit outdated. The newest academics insights are from 2013. I'm not an english native, but I understood every video and text in the course. One thing I wanted to critizise are the results of the weekly test. You need a certain amount of percent to pass the test and the site shows you the questions that didn't have the right the answer. However, it didn't show you the correct answer to the question, which was sad because there is no learning effect to it, if I don't know which answer was the right one. So that's something that I would on improve in the future.
The course content is easy to follow, the deadlines are reasonable and no prior knowledge of marketing or whatsoever is required. The assignments are easy to complete. However, some of them did not make much of a sense for me, in terms of necessity for understanding the course material.Also, the videos are old-fashioned with bad lighting. However, the sound quality is sufficient. The soundtrack for the videos is annoying as well as overall style and composition of the video.As the course is quite old, the content of videos in some lectures is outdated. It would be nice to see some updated material.
I find the information provided here to be very spot-on, clear and transparent, innovative and interesting. Yet, I would have loved it if it were the professor of the course the one who checked and graded our assignments, as there would be less chances that ge'd be biast. Anyways, I understand the whole idea and the fact that one cannot check all the assignments submitted in here, as there are maybe thousands of them :).In conclusion, I found it very interesting and challenging, therefore I am about to begin Course no. 2 from this Digital Marketing Specialisation course. Thanks and cheers!
This course is perfect for all those individuals who want to learn how businesses can incorporate digital media and use it to their benefit, and how it is impacting the 4Ps of marketing. I particularly liked the peer-graded assignments and exercises as they provided a lot of exposure and insight into how different platforms can aid a business in improving its operations. A few negatives include the presence of some outdated teaching material as well as the peer grading system which taints the authenticity of the certificate earned. Other than that, it was an awesome experience!
Very good course with a lot of cases and insights. The informations were very easily given – I like, that the key aspects were repeated a few times in every part of the course. The only thing I would improve is the timeliness of the articles and external materials used. Some of them were from the 2012 for example and in such a rapidly changing industry as digital marketing, more up-to-date materials would be more valuable. But in general – the course was very valuable for me and and I will be pleased to reach for more courses in this specialization.
My first course on Coursera. Enjoy it very much since it lays a great foundation for beginners in marketing by introducing some trendy phenomenon and concepts alongside with up-to-date academic insights. This is a really useful course for people who know a little bit about marketing and want to make their knowledge systematic. There are some things I don't like though, for example, the exercise is too course-oriented. The questions are designed to test whether you have watched the courses instead of whether you really understand the content.
This course is much needed for every student or person in general, that is interested in Marketing in 2020.it enables you to fully understand the transition from traditionnal marketing to digital marketing in the new digital era and explains the way digital tools completely changed the marketing world and revolutionized it's techniques. Even though I am not a native English speaker ( it's my third languages) , it was easy for me to understand and follow the lectures, as every lesson is well explained and accompanied with real examples.
The concepts are excellent, but I was a little taken back that the content examples, required reading and/or case studies were dated.  Perhaps the best research and case studies are 4-5 years old.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading them and learning from them.  I guess the reason I didn't give the course 5 stars is because I expect at least one reading or case study pre module (ideally) to be published within the last 12 months.  Overall it was really fun and informative and I will be taking more classes.  All the best...Stephanie Schreurs
I am very satisfied with this course!I'm not a native english speaker, though it was very clear and comfortable to deal with the course and to understand the material. I feel that I gained relevant and important knowledge.The only "weakness" I see in this course is that it's not challenging enough. The requirements are a bit too low, the quiz level is too easy and it can be retaken with no limit. Thus, It feels that everyone can get the certification without putting too much effort - and that lowers the course value.
Very Interesting course. The topics covered are very relevant and useful. There are a lot of cases studies so that also gives a certain insight to the practical implementation of the topic.Improvements:During the lecture certain topics are mentioned but only 2 are elaborated on. I wish all the topics were elaborate on.Some of the topics were skimmed through. It would have been better to get more knowledge possibly in-depth knowledge into the subject matter.Overall it was a great course & quite a refresher.
The assignments, the teacher's way of explaining and the resources given to the students are superb! You can understand everything very easily and the course won't be difficult to pass.The only thing I didn't like about the course was the tests, as they were very easy to get through, with simple questions that people could respond, even without watching the videos or reading the articles. This could mean that some people could pass the course without learning very important things from the course.
Overall a few concepts introduced gave me insights into the digital arena regarding marketing that would help me to teach to my students as well! The reading material and references should be a bit more recent. The concepts covered under each module were quite limited. They should be broadened. The grading system has its own weaknesses. For instance if i m getting 3 from two people, the rationale given by the third person of answers being too long is not justified into awarding  1 point!
I really enjoyed this course and I liked the variety of videos as well as "special lessons" with professionals from different fields.The exercises supported studies and gave better understanding of the tools. However, I believe some of the lessons (or videos) were a bit off from topic or gave too much focus on the issues that, I believe, are not that much related to the course purpose. (e.g. too much of 3D printing).Overall, it is a great course and I was pleased to participate in it!
Very well structured course, fulfilled my expectations to present current topics in digital marketing and the 4Ps without covering too much or too little, with lots of good readings and activities. Professor Aric is very authentic and I was glad he included scientific research topics into the course (his own and those of others as well). However, I was not very excited watching the on-campus interviews with marketing students, in my opinion these do not contribute to the teaching.
Honest, I didn't expect too much from this course . But found out I didn't aware a lot of things in marketing world especially related to digital . You will learn bunch of new things from this course and catch up the modern digital marketing . It's very interesting that some topic will be presented by business case.  It's very worthy course for your time. But I couldn't find apps to test which is mention in last module and paste is a little bit fast for non native speakers.
Loved this course. It gave me a great introduction to current concepts and trends in Digital Marketing. I was especially impressed by 3D Printers. I hope to visit a hub in my own city soon to try it out! Only suggestion is reduce the number of weekly workload. Too many assignments to complete in a single week! Most courses in Coursera give only one assignment per week. I was able to manage as this was a self-paced course. So this is not a complaint, just a suggestion :)
I rate it as 4 because of how it is designed: video lectures, transcripts, readings, recommended books, individual assignments, group assignment, ability to interact with other students, ability to research in the library and see journals needed in the group assignments, peer reviews. I like the paid version if you want to apply what you have learned and test yourself. The paid version allows you to use the university's online platform, email, online library, etc.
I undertook this marketing course as a marketer keen to make sure I was up to date and thinking about new ideas. It was a shame redlaser.com is no longer active, however I'm sure there are other tools, the course content just needs to be updated. I liked the Quad elements but found the Quizzes a bit frustrating particularly when they asked questions for which the answer was covered in the next topic. Overall however, time well spend. Thanks to Aric and team.
Course was good. Very informative and well structured. I liked how it was organized by the 4Ps and I enjoyed the cases was assigned. I also enjoyed and learned a lot from my peers through the review process. I felt that the course would have done better with introducing more of a variety of strategies for each module. Instead, each week really only focused on one/two core strategy enabled by digital marketing e.g PWYW, Crowdsourcing
I thought this was a good course, however my only complaint would be that most of the material and examples are very dated - since it is now 2018 it would have been nice to see more contextual media and examples given that were post 2010-2012 when most of these examples took place - even the articles were 2013, 2014 and knowing that so much changes in digital marketing in a nanosecond, it would be nice for these to be more fresh.
I found the content very new age and practical. This was my first course through Coursera and i was really impressed with the way the module in planned. The strategic mix of video lectures explaining the basic concept followed by the engaging quiz sessions and engrossing case studies which lets you analyse and express your readings helps strengthening the holistic understanding of the concept both theoretically and practically.
Learned the fundamentals of marketing with a digital slant. The most interesting portions of the class were interviews with experts in the field. Appreciated that the professor replied to comments I made throughout the course. The peer-reviewed grading for assignments was problematic because  the explanation of the grade didn't align with the percent grade. Overall, I'd recommend this course for a great foundation to marketing.
I enjoyed studying the lessons and making the assignments. I don't feel comfortable with the idea of reviewing other student's tasks/projects or vice-versa since I'm not a fluent English language speaker, but I know this is the way to get grades on Coursera.I suggest updating some lessons since this course was released on 2014 and some things have changed since that year in the digital marketing field.
Really liked the flow of content and the instructor.  Some content is dated (RedLaser) and makes one assignment clunky since it was based on that app.  Since this course focuses on digital and the inherent speed-to-market the platform affords, one would expect more up-to-date/timely examples for current content/exercises.  Aside from that, the course was engaging and informative. Thanks, Aric!
I enjoyed the course a lot and will encourage executives (marketing or not) to consider opening their perspective about marketing and the digital works. I will ask that some practice examples be updated to revalidate the strength of some new concepts (digital marketing is STILL considered relatively new domain to MANY). It will also make the course close to participants with fresher examples.
It's an awesome course. I recommend this course to all those who want to pursue the career in Digital marketing. Apart from that, it's very easy to learn and the assignment are very interesting. I guarantee youwill definitely enjoy this course and i recommend you to take all 6 of them. I rate it a 4 star only because the course study must be updated a bit. Else i would have given it a 5 star.
Good content but would have preferred if it was more interactive. There is no way to discuss in detail and debate over a topic. I still have many questions unanswered and forum is very inactive. Wish there was a thread for each topic where people could just discuss their perspective. Overall good content but lack of interaction makes it incomplete in my opinion.
I enjoyed this course and appreciated the fact that not all the assignments were multiple choice. It was great to be able to develop ideas through the case studies and exercises. I would have liked if actual TA's would review our work instead of other classmates, but I realize this might be unrealistic due to the high number of people enrolled in the course.
It was a comparatively tough course to complete and I learned a lot. But I am facing difficulty to obtain my certificate. It's saying I have to verify my id. However, the instructions aren't clear to me, what kind of verification is needed and I can't give information accordingly, and it's really disturbing to wait for my certificate this long. thanks.
It was refreshing with good concepts and learning methods & tools. I did get some insights that I had no  t heard of before even though I am an avid reader. I would have liked more on pharma and less on retail. There is so much available as examples when it comes to real strategy in this regulated world. It would have been more closer to home for me
Very good introductory course to marketing. I found the four modules, based on the classic marketing mix (4 Ps) quite helpful and there is an emphasis on the digital in each one of these. The exercises are exactly right - not too many and pretty straight forward. The quizzes really check if you are listening to the lectures and reading the material.
Excellent course. This course helped me learn new concepts like Customer co-creation, Doppelgänger brand image, brand authenticity, user-generated content, changing of the retail, 3-D printing and Pay What You Want (PWYW) strategy. Altogether, the course was really a comprehensive one covering how marketing is changing in a world of digital tools.
Great course, at some point it could use some updating since digital marketing evolves so fast. Also, for international students, sometimes completing the exercises is hard due to availability (RedLaser App). Also, being graded by other students can be tricky and impact your grades a little negative in my opinion. Very good course overall.
This course has a very interesting approach to the impact the new digital tools have in traditional Marketing. The only thing that is missing is service and B2B marketing. It's focused only on B2C marketing, so it misses a lot of information. With that said, the course still great and gives a lot of great insights. I definitely recommend!
The course provides a good foundation in understanding the impact of digital technologies on business and how marketing is undergoing a shift. The course uses the popular marketing mix framework of 4Ps - Product, Promotion, Placement and Price and shows the effect of digital on each using theory, examples, case studies and exercises.
I do not understand that even after completing the entire 6 courses i Specialization, I am unable to access the Capstone. And there is no help available at all.Rest of the things are good in the course. Excellent faculty and material.Suggestion: we should add as an activity- A blog/article writing to be published on Coursera page.
The course was awesome. Im basically a student belong to the science stream, through this course I gained some knowledge about marketing that too in digital platform. Professor Aric is very cool in teaching this marketing stuff. He gave a lot of information regarding marketing. On the whole I enjoyed this online course.Thank you
This was a good course though I feel there could have been a little more professionalism in terms of camera work and testing that apps and services truly were available to all students globally.Al in all a very insightful course that opened my eyes to some technologies and processes I was not yet aware of.Thank Aric Rindfleisch
Interesting new concepts are covered in this course, some are so new, research is still being done to fully understand them. Interactive coursework approach where you make a submission and then get to grade classmates' work. This adds another level of interaction which you don't get from simple multiple choice type tests.
A great course and a great instructor. The course will make you see how the 4P's of marketing is changing as businesses are moving towards digital. One might not have viewed how the digital world is changing Product, Price, Place and promotion. The courses uses some great examples which makes the course fun to learn.
The Faculty teaching this course Mr. Aric Rindfleisch is really nice teacher, He gave good examples and videos lectures are really helpful and quizzes and case studies are really useful through which I opened up with my personal thoughts and answers to the question according to which we learn in the video lectures.
The course is definitely insightful and interactive. I consider it imperative for a fundamental understanding of digitization in marketing. Only drawback here is the outdated course meterial. However relevant the concepts, they could definitely do with some latest app examples and more current industry practices.
A very constructive and appealing course with excellent course content. The instructor also is very good at conveying the content that is required for the students to understand the concept by giving very appealing examples and case studies.Overall, I would like to recommend this course to family and friends.
This course gave me real life example, that's help me to understand. I learnt many things from this course. I can relate my learning in digital world. But i have one complain to Coursera not for the course. i completed this course with honor assessment. But I received my certificate without honor certificate.
I think this course is interesting and informative.  I have progressed into the second week, and the expositions of digital marketing techniques are interesting and fairly detailed.  I would recommend this course to gain an understanding of traditional and newer advertising strategies employed by companies.
Yes.This is very  wonderful course. Nowadays Digital Marketing is very use ful in the all over world. The entire marketing scanario is changed due to needs and wants of the customers . Here we are utilising wonderful caliculations and tools in this course for very helpful both consumers and organisations.
In general, the course provides good information about the impacts of digitalisation on some elements of the marketing mix. I felt like the cases are a little old fashioned. Perhaps victims of the context of the rapid changes we are experiencing through digital transformation. Just another challenge !!!
It was great privilege to start and finished this course successfully, actually this is my first time doing an online and I feel so happy, thanks to coursers for give us this kind of opportunity and I will also like to thank the Prof. For his optimum and incredibly teaching, thanks and God bless.
Having majored in Marketing and got a B.S.B.A. from the Ohio State University, in 1984, I see that while some marketing concepts stay the same, the tools have dramatically changed. This course, while developed several years ago and probably needs some updating, highlights many of those changes.
i enjoyed the course and got to refresh my knowledge about digital marketing basics. the only problem i faced was in terms of peer grading, I wasn't valued correctly as few reviewers gave me 0 even though i had given a clear explanation. if this can be improved then the course will be great.
I love this course. The structure of the module and how it considers the digital environment in crafting our marketing strategy. How the modules delivered with reading material, video, use cases, feedback from peer, quiz for module review, really help me to understand all the modules well.
Great as a foundational level course. Lucid explanations and really thought-provoking assignments. Though many of the assignments submitted that I came across in the peer review system were either plagiarised or had completely irrelevant and often one letter("k") or one-word answers.
This course was absolutely brilliant. very well explained and easy to understand. the only problem is that the discussion forms are useless and it's only for asking people to review your work, and no one is interested in having an actual business-related and marketing discussion
I have Marketing Research backround and found this couse a good introduction to the digital marketing world. I believe that I will either continue to take other digial marketing related course or continue with the ones I haven't had the time to finish. Nice course, thank you!
The content of the course is very good. What I would improve are the Quizes; I'd concentrate more on key stuff, not include any questions concerning irrelevant details. Some of the assignment questions were also a bit unclear and the rating scales did not make sense at times.
I like the course and is very helpful, but I got a little disappointed when I realized it an old course (2013-2015), digital marketing change constantly and I think the course needs a refresh of ideas. But in my personal opinion i liked the course and I enjoyed it a lot
This course is just too
interesting. I'm glad I took this course. It has exposed me to the changes
taking place in the digital world as regards marketing. I recommend that everyone
aspiring to be a professional in the marketing environment endeavor to take
this course.
Very informative. I loved the way the course was carried out systematically. The professor was very apt in spreading knowledge by bringing in surveys, real-life examples, and practical recommendations for problems faced. Thoroughly and religiously enjoyed the process.
This was a great course as it covers the important aspects of marketing and how these ideas have been used in well established brands that we see everyday in life. The videos and tasks really helped to know topics thorough as they are all based on real life examples.
I find this course pretty exciting and interested for the beginners as everything is new for them in the field of digital marketing but this course provide a base standard for you on digital marketing and the case studies in this course are fantastic and engaging.
While there's some interesting information, and the presentation is excellent, a lot of the information presented is already old. Four years is a lot in the digital age, and there's some interesting developments in some areas that should be mentioned, but aren't.
The course was helpful, it provided a general view on how marketing change in digital world. Thanks professor for providing new concepts, ideas, stories & academic insights. I really appreciated what you & the whole team's effort in making such useful course.
Although it may have taken me a while to finish this course. I really enjoyed the updated layout of the program. With the amount of quizzes, it helped to solidify what I was learning and also apply it to real world issues i'm currently tackling with my job.
This was a good course, however it was created in 2014 and as it is now 2018 I am not sure some of the 'hot topics' like Pay What You Want strategy, etc are completely current.  Through Coursera itself I found it absolutely impossible to get technical help.
They need to re-write the RedLaser module since RedLaser is no longer a thing. That was SO CONFUSING to figure out that I was very last-minute with that assignment; I had to go to Walmart to do it properly because it was still open that late Sunday night.
I gain some insight related to how marketing works, however, I can't imply all the things I have learned from this course but it's still good for people who want to learn how pricing, designing a brand, marketing affect their marketing effectivity.
Useful information for an introductory course to Digital Marketing. Study cases are interesting and engaging! Some topics are more related to IT than marketing itself. Would be great to update some of the reading resources since they are from 2012.
This was helpful for thinking about new pieces of marketing, especially with some of the case studies and discussions. The 3-D Printer conversation felt a bit forced. I wish it was replaced with something more relevant to common marketing tactics.
Interesting introduction to the topic, but some of the material is obsolete (for example, the web pricing module).  Perhaps that can't be entirely avoided in the rapidly changing world of digital marketing, but it was a bit of a disappointment.
Greatly enjoyed this course. I really liked the way, how the course is structured. i have seen and read lots of submissions, that weren't written well or they were plagiarism! Be honest and take a time to think about thoughts and your answer.
This was a good course,Professor Erik did a great job of using relevant case material to highlight course objectives. This was my first coursera course that I signed up for and completed. Great way to be "introduced" into the MOOC program.
While the course was very interesting and structured. However, the additional reading materials content was huge. It would have been very helpful if notes were available if anybody is interested in learning about the topic in more detail.
While thanking Prof. Aric and my peers for a good experience on the course, I must say that this has been a great learning opportunity and I am looking forward to sign up for the next course and onward until I complete the specialization.
This course provides a quick overview. The lecturer is very pleasant, speaks clearly and gives very good and easy to understand explanations. The material used could be updated sooner or later, as digital marketing shows quick progress.
Enjoyed the course, especially the awesome research work by other professors.However, was expecting a more content heavy course, which is a part of the full specialization, kinda unaffordable for me :(Anyways, great course, loved it! :)
This course was a very informative intro not only to digital marketing, but also to marketing as a whole for those who may not be ass familiar with the basics of marketing. I'm looking forward to taking the rest of the specialization.
Would recommend this if you are looking for the beginners who want to learn the fundamentals of marketing, the 4 P's and how digital tool is making an impact on these 4 P's. Interesting and updated case studies to try your hands on..
Thank you Aric and his team for giving us such an opportunity to learn about digital marketing.I am very much happy to say that  i enjoyed your lectures very much and it has definitely changed the way i used to think about marketing.
The material is very well done. Aric is great presenter.The grading is horrendous. Assigning point values for answers based entirely in subjective thought ("would you be likely to use this price scanning app?") is completely insane.
All the content is very useful the lecture delivery and assignments all are goodI recommended this course to those who are interested in Digital Marketing. With this Course, you learn the fundamentals of Marketing in Digital World.
Enjoyed this course. Great concepts but the case studies are quite out of date as is some of the ways technology is used. If you are keen on starting a career or specialisation in Digital Marketing this is a good jumping off point
I really enjoyed and learnt a lot from the course. Despite other engagements, it was quite easy for me to spend weekly, an average time of 20 hours doing it. Thanks Prof. Aric! Thanks to University of Illinois! Thanks Coursera!
A great introductory course for the Digital Marketing Specialization track. The only reason I'm not giving all 5 stars is because I think it could include a bit more rigor - a lot of the assignments seemed pretty surface level.
Love the practical recommendations given by the professor and the course  basing itself on research and case studies instead of 1 textbook. However, the professor's nonverbal communication (palms down) can be a tad unpleasant.
This course is made by very easy way and  it delivers the information with good way, it will give you alot of info about digutal marketing in general but if you want to be professional i think you must continue the 6 courses.
I think this is a good course for any person who wants to understand the fundamentals of marketing. Each section was well divided and the modules were made interactive, interesting, engaging and were definitely good for time.
I was impressed with this course and I would recommend it to others. The module about pricing I thought was a bit outdated. The digital marketing landscape keeps changing rapidly, so this course will often need to be updated.
Some of the reference materials might need updating (but perhaps there are no better studies to share at this point), but overall found this an interesting application of the traditional 4Ps of marketing to the digital world.
Wonderful base learning experience of Digital world. Course learning, Case studies are amazing. Exercises keep you on the toes. Peer grading is also a good tool though one should know how to use forums and change sessions.
Out of all courses i have done,this is the best curse. The explained the difficult topics clearly with examples. The tutor was the best. They used easy words where everyone can understand.Thanks for providing this course.
My experience with this course was a fulfilling one. At a time where i thought marketing was not for me, this course opened my eyes to a whole new possibilities in marketing in the digital world. I absolutely recommend.
Could have summarized in few slides, unnecessary time consuming content. Pulse coursera forcing me to pay one more time by not proving me assessment review. Its shows review will be available on your next payment. WOW
I really enjoyed this course. It was a perfect combination of academic studies and practical assignments. I would recommend this course for other marketing professionals too. Or anyone who is interested in marketing.
What I really liked about this course is the peers evaluation section - I have done it for the first time and it teaches you a lot when comes to evaluating yourself and others. Interesting teaching materials as well.
This course me helps to understand me the basic or digital marketing perfectly. But this course are not much related to what i want to learn about digital marketing like SEO,Facebook marketing,Youtube marketing etc.
That's a good course. A little bit repetitive if you have already studied about MKT. But it presents new concepts, interesting cases and give you some updates about what is happening in the market regarding the 4Ps.
Learnt a very good lesson's from the famous university of Illinois.Hope this provided me a very good foundation for my future studies.And also want to thank Coursera for offering a very good content to learn
Packed full of real world case studies and concepts! We had a very good idea of how to apply these concepts as well. There were also well-designed assignments to trigger our thinking and knowledge synthesis.
A resourceful course to start learning Digital Marketing. Courses are aligned with well crafted weekly assignments and a pace to keep up with. Overall, I had a very learned & fun experience. Thank you team.
That's a excellent course for begginers, we learned how to inniciate in the Digital world and how to use it the best way. There is interesting read suggestion and cases studies that push you into the world.
This course might look lengthy from the course outline but is rather easily digestible if you stick to a schedule. Do it anyway, it's worth your time if you are serious about a career in digital marketing.
It an amazing start and i really admire Julie and Professor for putting so much of effort in creating the course in a super structured way , I taking the further modules since i liked the opening so much.
Enjoyed and learned something that is already in use with my conversations with customers. One change I'd like to see is an update; specifically, I found the case studies relevant yet 5 to 10 years old.
I really enjoyed this course. This helps me to know about the 4Ps and how it can be used by a firm to attain profit and also how digital tools and strategies play role in building the 4Ps for a firm.
Very informative, but I wish some of the videos and tools were more up-to-date. As we all know, Digital Marketing is constantly updating with new tactics, so even 2-3 years can make a big difference.
Valuable class for discovering high level digital trends impacting commerce. Detailed look at how digital is changing the marketing mix. Fairly complete overview. (Mostly geared toward B2C commerce.)
Good course. Please reduce the length of the repetitive music in the beginning and at the end of each video; around 25 seconds waste of time on a short video. Overall, many thanks for these courses.
Nice Course to understand the nuances of new digital tools that will be the future of Marketing Field. As a Marketing Manager, this course has updated my knowledge in the changing digital paradigm.
I enjoyed doing this course. It lays out the basics in such a structured way that is easy to understand and apply even if a person has no background in marketing. It is a great foundation course.
The course is a good introduction to the Specialization and the topic in general. It could be a bit more structured (like the courses that follow) but overall, as an introduction, it works.
I think i came to know new things from this course. which will help me in the future. Digital marketing has now become more popular than any other course. Thank you Illinois and Coursera.
I liked the nature of assignments in addition to the actual coursework. The research and the effort I put in the assignments helped me get a better grip on marketing in a digital world.
Great course for general understanding of neuromarketing concept, tools, etc. But in a number of cases, proposed reading and some of the video content (eg. interviews) are too academic.
Hands on courses combining short theories and studies overview with practical examples and exercices.It is a very good introduction of the impact of the digital world on the marketing.
Really enjoyable course with relatable case studies. Unfortunately, some of the cases refer to products/sites/tools that do not exist anymore, so it was tricky to fully research them.
I believe this is a well rounded course that gives a detailed overview on digital marketing. Its mostly for awareness and building knowledge rather than acquiring a specialized skill.
This was a highly insightful and relevant course for a marketing neophyte such as myself. Kudos to Professor Rindfleisch for explaining the subject matter with consummate perspicuity.
Very good course and I would absolutly  recommend it to each and every one who has intrests in marketing. Moreover the teacher is quite brilliant and very good in delivering concepts.
some of the material needs update, like the Redlaser case. otherwise, this course changed my perception about online learning. It was interactive and the case studies were creative.
Found Prof Aric's teaching style the best in this specialization, among the 3 instructors. He engages, has lively presentation and has provided a variety of interesting activities.
great content. got to learn many skills and strategies of marketing which i never notice in usual days.Aric Rindfleisch is great tutor. quizzes and case study are very interesting.
The course is excellent. I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 because in 2019 some of the links no longer work and points of reference are dated. The fundamentals are great.  Thank you!
Excellent course
 in terms of content, but being evaluated by colleagues is very painful 
because there are always people too competitive and not at all friendly 
in the feed-back
I like the structure of this course. It made the course easy and helps me a lot to understand the basic concept of Marketing in the Digital Age. I learned a lot from this course.
The last part was a little out of time, because we are in pandemia so we weren't able to complete the assignment easily, maybe change it so other students don't have this problem
Very nicely organised course. With student interviews, and discussions with industry leaders the course provides a very insightful introduction to marketing in the digital world.
Good course with plenty of content to learn  and discover. A little harder and more time-consuming to complete than others. Definitely not well  built for international students
It is a good learning experience with hands-on exercises. This course provides insight into business & marketing in general. The concept of 4Ps is quite interesting and valuable
This course is great. Very interesting world of digital marketing out there that i wasn't aware existed. Found some new great things in the world thank you so much for sharing!
Professor was very knowledgeable and experienced and provided excellent guidance. Still, the course could have been more detailed. but the peer review tasks were interesting.
This was really great experience and the platform you provide to learn is really good for gaining knowledge as well as for future.Thank you for sharing knowledge and for all.
I think I've gained new information in the transformation from physical to digital era, you will know more on the marketing mix in digital perspective.I recommend this course
The course give you a basic knowledge about different innovative companies ,help us to understand how the digital marketing has been change the world and the way we interact
Very good course. I learned a lot. The phone app needs some work, and the page kept telling me I was overdue with my assignments when I wasn't. Maybe you could work on that.
I found this course really fascinating. The key concepts, academic insights, exercises and assignments; all contributed towards real world and practical learning experience.
I absolutely had no idea about marketing before taking up this course and now I feel much more confident with the marketing skills that I have gained throughout the course.
This course is great, and your case studies make it easier to learn and understand, i just wish you would remove the questions that weren't related to marketing in any way.
The course covers the foundation of Marketing in Digital World. However, the course will be better if Mentors get involved more in the case study discussion and peer review
It was great course, full of insights and good content. I just wished it would have been more updated. Overall, it was great starting the Specialization with this course.
This was a great course. It helped me a lot about the digital tools that we use in our daily life. The course is well designed and should be taken by Marketing students.
Professor Aric is quite lucid in explaining the concepts and ideas. This course is really helpful for those looking to build fundamental knowledge of Digital Marketing.
It's a great course with very interesting case studies and inputs, but most of them date of 2007 and I think they might be updated with the new researches of 2015-2017.
I very much enjoyed the course because it is really based on "learning by doing" . I have enjoy the practical cases, although some of them are not applicable in Europe.
Really good course! I liked the structure, the materials, and most assignments. I felt like I gained valuable knowledge; this is a good introduction to marketing today!
Extremely helpful course, got to learn a lot! But i was expecting some social media techniques, on how to advertise and make online business on instagram, facebook etc
I like this course, it gave a preview to digital marketing. This course elaborate how digital era change 4Ps in Marketing mix. The case study presented were relatable
Very simple. Almost too simple. Fortunately, this seems to be an intro course, as the next courses in the specialization are much more specific with better content.
Wonderfully designed course. Great insights about co-creation, pwyw and other concepts. Thanks to the instructor for wonderful exercises. They were really relevant.
Great course for people looking to know more about new digital tools and their uses in Marketing! Just to clarify, this course is different from Digital Marketing.
The content is great and the professor is excelent to engage the audience. The excercises are focused to the practise of theory presented during the videolectures.
one of my best course in marketing that i have loved. Lecture was the best and easy to understand plus used real time examples in class making the class wonder.
The information could have been more brief, you don't really need 7h per week in order to finish the assignments. Other that that the info is ok for a beginner.
Very good course. The content is very interesting, I would like it best if it included something more practical, if we had the chance to do something hands-on.
Course teaching is awesome. I like it very much. But plz don't give any personal opinion about any product nd stop showing the product by the advertising view.
This course was great and i enjoyed it but i noticed that my peers work are not recent, they have been posted since, some of them 2015 and I did not like this
Very interesting perspective, way different from the general marketing courses available. The course covers new and emerging dimensions of the digital world.
A comprehensive & detailed introduction to the course giving out detailed guide to the 4Ps & implementation of digital marketing through the spectrum of 4Ps.
Gives a very good intro into digital marketing and the 4 base concepts of marketing while linking them into more detailed strategies and practices in each.
This course helped me in solidifying my fundamentals in the area of Digital Marketing....Thank you Coursera and Illinois  University  for your support  ...
This class certainly forced me to think about the future of marketing and traditional retail.The peer reviewed grading system left something to be desired.
A really great course to learn new techniques in marketing. Professoc Aric explains the concept very clearly and in such a way that anyone can understand.
I love the course but I don't like waiting for the other peers to finish assignments because it's slowing my pace and gets me out of the mood for learning
I think this course was more or less an introductory one. Though it had very innovative ideas, but more advanced concept inclusion would have been better.
The course was extremely well organised and beautifully explained by the professor. Except for the video having less audio issues the course was perfect.
After taking the course I can appreciate the wealth of information provided and I am also grateful for the vocabulary that I have learned along the way.
Very good course, having a degree in engineering I not much interest in marketing but I learned a lot Gave me an appreciation of Marketing as a subject.
I really had a great time learning this new skill , the course was very helpful learnt a lot of new things . Would definitely use the knowledge further
Great course and introduction to marketing. However, it would be 5 stars if the program and examples would be a little bit more updated to 2019 context
It was a very informative course with lots of latest concept from real world and lots of recent examples of researches related to field from academia.
Really I've learnt many things from this course,it is suitable for many people and easily can understand to all.Good course with real time examples.
The course is quite good, but I think should you update your references and a few lessons as well. Some of them are dated from 2015 or before that.
I did learn new concepts and ideas during the course, however some of the articles offered for study are quite old when it comes to internet years.
The course is fascinating. Abundance of examples and cases studies makes it stand out. Definitely lots of insights and fresh thoughts on a topic.
This is an excellent course which extends knowledge about the various marketing strategies that firm are adopting in this changing digital world.
The only issue is that other students grade your exams and some of them are just mean, and grade your with 0 even if you did everything perfect.
Good course, high level. I found the references a bit dated at this point, but the concepts remain true. Likely need to update the content soon.
Great course...I'd highly recommend it. And peer-reviewed assignments are easy and helpful, to see how others process and apply the information.
Great introduction to Digital Marketing. I was able to obtain great insights on how the digital world impacts Marketing and consumer behavior.
For beginners, an incredible discussion of the topic. Briefly and clearly!One has only to update some tasks, as the information is outdated.
Great course, very satisfied especially with the readings part and interviews with other people that are involved professional in this area!
Great course in general, with minor issues on exercises Starbucks and Redlaser which is hard to complete if you are not in US. Thanks a lot!
the course is great. the certificate needing to verify the account which in turn needs payment is disappointment. hope they change the way.
It was a good learning experience in marketing with live examples and easy lectures which made the course interesting and fast to complete.
It was good. Gave me an idea of how the 4Ps are getting affected with all the digital technologies that are coming in. Met my expectations.
It was an amazing experience. I got to learn so much about the emerging digital world and how marketing strategies have changed over time.
Very good course that takes you through the Digital world and gives a brief understanding of how Marketers can optimize this opportunity.
Hi,Warm greetings!Please suggest how i can get my Marketing in Digital World Certificate as i can not process it.Please advise.Thank you
I got some better knowledge by doing this course I think it would be use full in my future career.Thank you for giving this opportunity.
Brilliant Course. There were a few things that were completely new to me. I wish some of the videos were of good enough quality, though.
Good Course. Grading scheme needs to be improved. Peer grades aren't always fair and depend on the understanding of concept by the peer.
It was really very helpful course to get understanding about marketing and digital marketing. In terms of benefits and threats both.
While I was familiar with the concepts before, there are some useful insights and examples that made auditing the course worthwhile.
This course is really Marvellous to me. I really enjoyed this course. Lot of things to learn here. Thanks Coursera and Professors.
Never regretted applying into this course. I did learned a lotDespite I have only one problem there are no practical things enough
a very good course, i learned a lot of useful and new information, I got a lot of things that was unknown to me.
 thanks coursera.
Great course. Highly recommend for those who want to refresh their marketing knowledge but in a digital context and for beginners.
The course was very insightful and reviewed many digital marketing concept. Thanks to Coursera team for the opportunity to learn.
Wonderful course and truly useful for marketers in understanding the pricing & product strategies with examples and case studies.
I learned a lot in this course. It was hard work but very rewarding. I just wish I could have some feedback from the instructor.
This course helped me in growing my knowledge about how digital tools are changing the marketing mix. It was helpful. Thank you.
It is good courses and also the way how Professor explained it is so good. I hope this courses will benefit me in my endeavour.
It was great learning from this course that how company uses digital tools and platforms to achieve the goals of their company.
Great course to learn about digital marketing. Advantages and disadvantages of digital tool over traditional way of marketing .
Great introductory course to the topic of Digital Marketing! Would benefit from update of some of the cases and course material
The content of the course is great, however a more recent and up to date exercises and case studies would definitely be better.
Interesting course, especially for the people who are planning to do their further studies in Marketing, (Post graduation/ Phd)
I really enjoyed this course! It's a pretty good introductory class to the specialization, and I learned quite a lot already.
Great course. I found it useful and it used relevant examples in the case studies. I learned a lot about 3d printing to boot.
Very good course, brings effective examples on each topic studied and has engaging methods of interaction among colleagues.
Very interesting! Slightly disappointed by the peers review approach only, I would have  preferred a more blended approach.
The course does a great job at introducing learner to the concept of digital marketing and many innovations in this field.
Very informative , easy to understand and the case studies are very interesting and helped understand the concepts better
It's fun learning here. I expected it to be really difficult but then it's interesting just the way the teaching is done
the course is absolutely very amazing and interesting but its very lengthy it may be due to long peer graded assignment.
Great course!  I found in it useful insights in terms of marketing research anf the impact of digitalization on the 4Ps.
Overall a very good course. Great academic perspectiv. Just need to update some exercises to compensate for web changes.
We learned a lot from this cours.Thanking to coursera  and the university for giving studends such a good oppurtinity.
The things learnt are interesting, but do not reach my expectation. I think it can invoke more thoughtful discussions.
The overall information is helpful, nonetheless the course needs an update to have more current examples and details.
a very interesting course, with many examples and assigment that ask you to apply drectly what you learnt. Thanks !!!
Learned great information! Wish that the course was more up to date though, these videos were filmed back in 2013...
The course was really interesting and a great learning experience through it's hands on exercises and case studies.
Overall the course was good, but some of the materials were not recent. i wish the most recent trends were included
It's an  interesting course, where I had the possibilty to discover new topics about marketing in a digital world.
It was a fruitful course reinforced with case studies. Some references at the end of the videos should be updated.
Good course and helped a lot to gain knowledge in digital world and various companies which uses these techniques.
Great introductory course. There are bad audio and editing misses, but as a course itself was fun and interesting.
Very insightful, I loved doing all the case study, they were really fun and made you want to do further research.
Very interesting but I found it a bit basic. Anyway, it is a good introduction to the rest of the specialization.
it helps me to know what are the latest advances in the digital world and how that change the marketing four p's
This course was acknowledge me about how was traditional marketing transformed into digital and mixed together.
Whilst the course is really interesting I think it should be updated to new examples and available information.
Great Faculty and the Course was Elaborated brilliantly especially the Various Case Studies.Great Fun learning.
HELLO SIR |MAAM IT WAS SO GOOD TO LEARN A LOT FROM THIS COURSE I SHOULD SUGGEST EACH AND EVERYOBE TO DO THIS .
Great value for money! You need this course if you want to upgrade your knowledge of the digital Marketing Mix
Excellent course well delivered. There was a good balance between the lectures, readings and the assignments.
Interesting course with some important concepts. I felt the section on 3D printing was unnecessary though...
It was a very good experience but the examples used should be current time and should not be outdated ones.
Very insightful class. Certainly would need an update on 3d printing as well as virtual reality development
useful and lots of things are there which we can learn from this course.case studies used where beneficial
Very informative, interesting articles and great case studies. The combination learning works well for me!
Good course, clear and easy to understand some exercises were outdated as red laser doesn't exist any more
Being entirely new to marketing and studying everything for the first time and found it very interesting.
Great course to understand how digital tools have impacted the 4 Mktg P's through an overall perspective.
I am really felling proud that I can complete this great course. The method of teaching is really great.
I enjoyed the course. I loved doing case studies. It was fun for me. Thank you Coursera and my Professor
Great course that gives a fresh look on marketing.Although few exercises should be reviewed and updated.
Wonderful Course. Everything explained nicely along with examples to describe each concepts elaborately.
Great Information. Very concise and current. Will be able to use the tools I've gained from the course.
Hi, how do I finish the course? I stayed in module two and I would like to finish the course. Thank you
i really enjoyed learing new things of this evolving world and marketing in new advanced digital world
Good to have a basic understanding of the changing marketing strategy using digital platform and tools
Marketing in digital World is a good course.l was learned lots of information about digital marketing.
New and refreshing concepts regarding how Marketing is evolving due to digitalization and innovations.
I really liked the professor's videos and projects a lot. The student aid was not that helpful though.
great course  i learned a lot of the concept of the digital world and how to engage with the public .
Lacks depth but gives a good overview of the different aspects of Digital transformation. worth doing
The course was really helpful it was completely different from the rest of digital marketing courses
Like this coerce but some more topic should be added in first week. this can be cover within 3 days.
Nice videos and assignments this is my first time on Digital Marketing and is very helpful for me.
Some of the material was outdated, links didn't work. But otherwise, really enjoyed it. Thank you!
Excelent course, You learn a lot information about the NEW marketing , the NEW DIGITAL MARKETING.
It has great content but assignments are promotions... Like, really, shamy promoted assignments.
I liked it in general but didn't like the instructor trying to sell me things. Felt very pushy.
Mr. Aric's way of teaching is really awesome. Learned a lot of marketing stuff from his course!
I am so grateful for the financial aid and the information I earned from this course, Thank you
I have learnt some new concepts to supplement my readings in the traditional marketing course
I like this course, but some approaches have transformed yet, and course needs  new examples.
It was a good 101-level course that served as a good reminder of the principles of Marketing.
it was very interesting ,learned many information about the digital marketing . I Loved it..
It was quite impreesive and the content was very good. The host was attractive in his speech
I discovered new concepts in  digital marketing and learned the basics of digital marketing.
Great course! Absolutely loved it, and would surely recommend this to my friends and family!
Very helpful for people who want to learn the usefulness and concepts of digital marketing.
Amazing course and great learning resources. The case studies are really thought provoking
I´ve been enjoyed very much the course. I´ll do the others ones to have the specialization
Best coarse it really helped me a lot and I am happy to work with you in near future also
Eye opening makes you see digital marketing with fresh eyes plus the Professor is awesome
This very interesting useful and inspiring course! I am enjoying it very much! Thank you!
Well organized, great and helpful assignments, and a fantastic teacher: Aric Rindfleisch!
It's my first course on coursera ,explored many things and amazing learning experiences.
The course is great, however  i would prefer more interaction with the teaching faculty.
Very interesting curse. It would be nice if yu can add sme examples from outside the US.
Our Professor Aric Rindfleisch is amazing. Learning with Coursera is always incredible.
Very good content and effective way of explaining. the exercises also were interesting.
Very engaging course. Could use more relevant and modern-day companies for case study.
A must do refresher course for marketing enthusiasts offered with several case studies
A good teacher!! Is helpful! And he explain clear and consise, i recomend this course!
This course is of great help to me regarding the basics of digital marketing. Thanks.
To a second language student, I hope the professor could be speak more clear English
UGC and 3-d printer I found exciting & please give assignments like Wikipedia type.
It's a great course for beginners in Digital Marketing to learn all the new trends.
Very good insights. Thanks. I have thoroughly enjoyed this course and learnt a lot.
Still needs go for deeper knowlede, with more difficult exercises and assignements
Very good course! Highly recommended for someone with no background in marketing.
Good insights and digital marketing basics.The course in general need an update.
Very interesting and well-organized course, but some information is out-of-date.
Excellent course, although some of the content may be a bit outdated from 2014.
The case studies helped me get a practical approach of the theoretical concept
love this course and it's materials, and many thanks to prof. Aric Rindfleisch
I really liked this course! The materials, the videos! It is a greta course.!!
Not a very difficult one. but you definitely learn a lot from peer assessment.
Amazing content and very instructive but the lecturer is a little bit boring.
Great course! Learned A lot of new Things about Marketing in a Digital World.
Great Insight, a very good course to review the 4P model with a digital lens!
Loved the course and the instructor, but the peer grading system needs work.
This was a great refresher on the marketing four "P"s but in an updated way.
It was good., O learnt a lot from this course but it need to be up to dated.
I enjoyed the course and I was able to learn a lot of interesting concepts.
Good course, but expected more ready to use applications, than just theory.
Thorough introduction to marketing concepts! Lots of great concepts shared!
This course have helped me to learn the marketing mix in digital landscape.
the course was good, lot of information is provided. it was worth to do it
This course help me to know the basics of Marketing and some case studies.
Excellent format of online education. Participative and top graded content
Excellent course for knowing digital marketing and getting business ideas
great course to start with to introducing our self with the digital world
Great introduction to marketing and its application in the Digital World.
Good class, with interesting points ans assignments  and very god teacher
good opportunity to know about marketing concepts in digital prospective
Content of this course is good with lots of case studies and resources.
so good i have learned a lot a bout marketing which i am so interest in
helpful and beneficial if you want to start learning digital marketing.
the basics for understanding the analytics of digital data, great value
The course was awesome and i learned more about the digital marketing.
i liked this course it's very simple and purpose a lot of tools to use
Very Useful, Interesting, Many thing new to learn, Highly recommended.
It was an interesting introduction into the world of Digital Marketing
It's a great course, but you have to pay to access a lot of functions.
formative and full with a lot of examples and new  trying in business
Awesome course, great content I really enjoyed working on this module
Good course for all marketers, who mainly focus on Digital platform.
Good course. Examples are old, current industry examples are needed.
Lovely course and nice start to the specialization. Lot of learning!
I really enjoyed the course it was interactive and very interesting
great course, very insightful and great website to navigate through
I got to learn a lot of new things.THIS COURSE WAS WORTH MY TIME!!
I very much enjoyed the course. It will be very helpful in my job.
This course is the best course in marketing in the digital world.
Its in Detail and the professor teaching it is also speaks clear.
The videos and very bit of the course was very precise and clear
Peer review is not the best way to obtain grades in this course!
a very useful course for a new comer of digital marketing world!
it is very easy to understand in cursera as it give some task l
it was indeed a good platform to learn about new opportunities.
Amazing learning experience. Thank you so much for this course.
Valuable basic knowledge to introduce you to Digital Marketing.
yeah it was good course and gives lots of practical knowledge.
Lots of practises and interactions. Wish to add more concepts.
i like it and i learned a lot of new information Thank you :)
This was a very good introduction class to Digital Marketing.
Interesting content, practical exercises and well structured.
Provides great understanding of all the required information
Very informative. Lots of new and novel concepts introduced.
Interesting course with relevant (and recent) case studies.
It's very good course through these i learn many new things
very informative course. was great studying with prof.aric!
Very nice course, good examples and very good information.
pretty basic, which i guess is normal for an intro course.
i got a lot of points that i really need from this course
Great class with good case studies. Aric is great teacher
Interesting case studies, and a lot of usable information
I would consider updating the readings about the topics.
Informative, and enlightens you with different concepts.
Course needs to be upgraded or revised to another level.
remarkably well taught and full of refreshing insights .
This course is so enlightening I will sure recommend it
This course really helps me to know about Digital world
reviews should be open all round the course duration...
A nice set of courses.learnt a lot from peers as well.
Excellent course. Learnt about many interesting thing.
Great course overall, good lectures and good exercises
Very nice course on basic digital marketing concepts.
I got to learn lot of new terms and marketing trends.
It has been indeed a whimsical learning experience..
4P's of marketing is well explained in this course.
It was actually very good with lots of informations
Got so many things to learn.One of the best course.
I learn in this course how to us the digital market
that is a great experience in future at technology.
very helpful in getting the knowledge on marketing
This course is related to the basics of marketing.
I had a really nice experience learning new things
Great opportunity to learn about digital marketin.
It is a good curse, I did learn a lot, thank you!
I would love to receive feedback from my teacher.
This course was really nice. I enjoyed learning.
great course for a starter in marketing sector !
thank you so much it was a wonderful experience
MCQ QUESTIONS MUST BE TOUGHER. ITS WAY TOO EASY
Very nice class lessons were clear and egnaging
Ni experience Thank you for this opportunity 😊
Great course with a lot of valuable knowledges!
interested for how working in Marketing Filed .
It was a nice experience to learn this course.
Very interactive , added value and info course
Good introduction to marketing. I reccomend !
Great Topics. Give us a real-time assignment.
Amazing introductory course on digital tools
Not to have peer grade assignment. Thank you
Great course for career in Digital Marketing
It is great learning at a beginner's level.
Good course however scope of simplification
A very good and clear intro to the subject.
I liked the course a lot. Very interesting!
great study material - loved the exercises
Great course. Didn't teach about SEO tho.
learn many things about digital marketing
It was really very good and informative .
Great content and effective assignments.
its a good corse to understand marketing
its a very useful and interesting course
Good content, interesting business cases
its very good course to study every one
Learnt basics about Digital Marketing..
Learnt a lot but I hoped to learn more!
I enjoyed the overall course very much.
Excellent Course!!!    Great Learning>>
REVIEW YOUR PEERS IS A INNOVATIVE IDEA.
I cant see the honor in my certificate
I get to learn a lot from this course.
Informative and good hand-on exercises
Good Content. Understandable Examples.
Excellent course with the Ari in lead.
Its good i learn alot in this courses
Excellent !!!  Informative and direct
good course but need more assignments
It is a great basic marketing class.
Good basis of this interesting topic
Quite informative, well structured.
Good for beginners to build concept
Easy to understand and participate!
Great attitude and real life cases!
Looking forward to the next course
Great learning experience and fun.
Great Learning from new insights!
Good point of view of this sector
very very useful n knowledgeable.
Well Detailed and helpful content
perfect and simple to understand
The course is a real eye-opener!
It was great learning with GIES.
Seems to be a pretty good course
Great insights from the lectures
thanks for your dedicated effort
very easy going and interesting
A diff perspective at Dig Mktg.
great and knowledgeable course.
Got Knowledge about Marketing.
Course was quite knowledgeable
Better experience to learner's
I liked the course very much !
I really enjoyed it. thankyou.
It is superb and satisfactory
This coursera is very usefull
It was a very good experience
it was nice for study purpose
I have learned something new.
It's very useful for carrier
It was a very well-drafted c
Great Introduction!  Thanks!
good course thanks coursera
Good... easy to understand
Overall very good course.
best and very helfull app
This has been so helpful!
Great Introduction course
Basic, but good knowledge
great team, great course
very constructive course
great course. enjoyed it
It was an amazing course
it was a good course..
it was amazing course
very relevant course
Practical and useful
Good Course over all
I like the course.
nice and bit easy
It was great. 👍
Vey good course.
Good knowledge!
Good. Subject
good class
Good one.
Great 👍
It's a wonderful learning experience with the concepts and the applications of digital marketing. As a experienced marketing/sales people, this course is really useful to refresh what I learned/did before and give me some ideas about what I am going to implement in the future.Only one suggestion, if some cases in 2018/2019 can be updated, that would be perfect!!
With no prior knowledge of digital marketing, this course helped me to understand all the basic concepts and enhance my interest in marketing field. I have already enrolled myself into another course.
A thought provoking course which highlights the benefits of modern digital tools and applies them to marketing theory and how digital tools are changing the landscape of marketing. Highly recommend!
Greatly enjoyed this course. Covering:-Basic concepts used as a framework for discussion (e.g. 4Ps)-Technical innovations to incorporate (such as 3D printing, augmented reality)-Trends that businesses need to keep an eye on (customer co-creation, managing negative brand image, a shift in the balance of power towards the individual, the customer) and a lot more. I loved the hands on case studies, the supplemental readings and the discussion boards where I could see different perspectives from different parts of the world. Professor Aric has a pleasant and clear presentation style, and the learning seemed pretty effortless to me as I just worked through the material as presented.Very glad I took this course, and moving on to the other courses in this specialization (and others, too).The Coursera platform gives me an opportunity for flexible skill development, which is very precious to me.
The course offered an interesting overview and introduction to digital marketing; it is also a good start to the specialization in Digital Marketing. This was the first time I have taken a Coursera course and was able to complete it, and I've tried several. Quite often, the content is just too difficult to wade through without 1:1 human support.  I think the workload was pitched correctly. I also liked how some theory was taught, and some research based on the theory. It is not just a bunch of case studies. There is an effort to describe the general principles that can apply across both firms and specific technologies, although there is a lot of both (firms and technologies) addressed as well. The most useful part of the course was a rather extensive discussion around pay what you want (PWYW), and the theory behind that, and the supporting case-based and research-based evidence, is really compelling. I plan to use a PWYW strategy as I develop my online startup. Thanks, Coursera and University of Illinois!On the negative side (and there's not much of that), some of the interviews of students on the U of I quad were ridiculously pointless. They really offered nothing of great value and took up substantial time. They were too anecdotal and at times the resulting content worked against the principles being taught in the course. I would rather see user-generated content, created by students and grads of the course, perhaps, from around the world, each discussing some aspect of that unit's topic. Just focusing on student interviews at U of I seems pretty parochial. I would also love to participate in UGC for a newsletter spinning off from this course. They use the courage presumably to extend the U of I community, but here's the thing: it creates its own community, and U of I would be well-served to re-oriented around it, rather than assuming that the only path forward is the reverse. Again, this is one of the most successful courses at Coursera. So maybe this is the direction for U of I to be heading...For example, I would anticipate offers from U or I for how they can get me into additional non-traditional business (or other) Coursera courses, or U of I courses or programs, or heck, teaching for U o I. Anyway, embrace the disruption!
Greetings ,  This course is very beneficial and i thank the professor and everyone else at Coursera.Please direct me,  to be a talented successful individual in Digital Marketing. Thank You.
it should be more technical oriented toward digital marketing rather then just the theoretical concepts
. In my humid opinion the Digital Marketing Specialization in the World, like all the contents of the studies of its prestigious University of illinois, They have very good teachers as I have had the opportunity to have them as drivers and tutors, in addition to the high pedagogical capacity of their contents that are updated in their content and with a very high dose of Innovation and Transformation. So I infinitely appreciate your generosity by granting me the privilege of being your Students and that I hope to continue learning. Thank you   Aric Rindfleisch. I take the course for the need to learn a new profession such as the Digital Markiting in the World, which I wish to allow me to become a Web analyst, to be able to work in Marketing and receive a job that is remunerated in international currencies that facilitate improvement The family income and at the same time to perform in a career that has much to do with my work as Professor in Management especially in Industrial Psychology in the areas of Innovation and transformation given that they study the behavior that in the case of the course is the consumer their behaviors , Opinions and shopping. In that respect I believe I am in what I have performed all my life, Thanks to the special promoters Aric AND TO ALL THE TEAM THAT ARE AN EXCELLENT TEACHERS and to be Human for their humility and desire to teach the good. THANK YOU
Very interesting perspective, way different from the general marketing courses available. The course covers new and emerging dimensions of the digital world. Love to attend more courses. All the best!
This is very helpful in making me learning about marketing in digital world. This is also going to be helpful for me in future. And as well the certificate of this will be beneficial for me in future.
it was a very descriptive and detailed course with all the practical examples and case studies the course was well laid out to the students seeking out for it. A very useful subject and highly recommended.
i love this
I loved this course! I learned a lot. The topics selected were very strategic and helped me really understand better what was going on in the digital world. I liked that it was the concepts always had real life examples and the course was hands-on despite being online. I got my feet wet on stuff I never tried before. Before this course, I couldn't make sense of my observations until he broke it down in this course quite effectively. I liked that he included emerging technologies as part of the discussion so that even if this course is a few years old, at 2016, it's still quite forward-looking. I will miss Prof. Aric.  Thank you, Sir! I had fun doing this. Coming from the middle-ages, you gently held my hand,  helped me jump into the water and I had fun splashing about!
I really like the way, how the course is structured. You can learn lots of things. You should go and enroll. Please, only one thing, if you would like to only receive the certificate in short time, don't enroll. I have seen and read lots of submissions, that weren't written well or they were plagiarism! Be honest and take a time to think about thoughts and your answers, please.
This is my first course in Coursera and I loved it explicitly. Professor was kind, I loved his way of delivering lectures.Easy explanation and numbers of examples help me understand better.Thanks.
It is a complete course where you can learn how the digital world is changing the way marketing works nowadays. I am amazed with the use of the crowd as an innovation partner, what means that a firm can use crowd-sourcing to help enhancing a new product development. Marketing in a Digital World show how this era is empowering customers when they are going to pay for a good. Thus, firms should improve the way they do their marketing by being unique, offering a good user experience and match prices when a customer find the product for a less price in another online or physical retailer.
Dr. Aric Rindfleisch and his associates have done a commendable job with the delivery and content of the Marketing in a Digital World course. It broadened my horizon and propelled me to join the next course in this series. The videos, lectures, case  studies and exercises were very relevant and I got full value from this course. If you are interested in Digital Marketing - this hands-on course is great starting point for you. I can't wait to plunge into the next course. Kudos to University of Illinois and Dr. Aric. Cheers, Mohammed Ashar Khan (www.asharlive.com)
The course is amazing and has all the latest trends in Digital Marketing included. Thing I am missing is the presentation of the more traditional marketing methods as Email Marketing in more detail.
The course was so helpful for me because i am marketing student  and i don't have prior knowledge  of digital marketing ,this course helped me a lot in developing basic knowledge in digital marketing .
A really useful course, which contains new information about 3D Printing, and some new strategies for digital marketing. If you are new to digital marketing, I advise you to start with this course.
Excellent course to introduce concepts of marketing within the era of digital. It went beyond my expectations and taught me more than what I hoped. It helped me reflect on my own marketing strategies for my online business and correct some of the mistakes I was doing. Definitely worth the time. I also like the instructor's engaging style. I didn't see any added value to the campus videos but it was interesting to get a comparative look of the intellectual level of an average college student in the US with their counterparts in my country. I definitely recommend this course. Thank you for the opportunity.
This course is recommended for strategic digital marketers who wants to delve and have a broad insight of how digital tools can be deployed to capture the real concept of the 21st century marketing. The instructor ( Prof. Aric ) is a  winsome orator  who carefully  and convincingly communicates the lecture notes making sure he compares it to a practical aspect (real world).One thing that makes the course lively and active is the IQ questions , interviews and research carried on the Illinois campus among students and lecturers for learners to have a broader sense of the topic scope.
I've learned so much and really loved the course! In lectures, the instructor delivers information in a very easy-to-understand-way and I loved his energy! The only thing that I didn't like is the system of Peer-Grading when in order for you to pass the assignment and get a grade is by having your peers review and grade it. Very often grades are unreasonable. It's a bit unpleasant to see someone grading you so low without any explanation in the comment section when you've been working for 45 minutes on your assignments and submitted all original answers.If you can ignore the unfair peers and continue focusing on yourself you will learn a lot from this course. I highly recommend it because it seems like the material is very much up-to-date!
The course covers the topic very nicely and succinctly. Everything is very clearly and briefly explained in by the professor. The quizzes do a great job of testing all the important points and the Cases drive home home the learnings with real life examples. Finally, there are links for pursuing deeper studies in each of the subjects. All in all, a great course. I did my MBA a long time ago - long before the digital world and I found this to be an excellent supplement to what I had studied - contemporary, relevant and no overlap.
I am a Head of Marketing, Sales and Terminal Business in a LPG company in Pakistan i am sure my learning through this course will increase my knowledge in skills for maximum operational efficiencies.
I loved the way of teaching of Prof. Aric. It never felt to me like I was attending some formal classroom session because the way that he teaches is so casual. And I loved the examples that he gave with each lesson, it was very helpful to understand new unfamiliar things better. Also, I loved the way the course is being designed, though I missed the course in-between due to some personal reasons, I had the option to continue the course at a different time with the next batch. As per me, this was the best part about the course.
This course was fantastic. I am no stranger to online learning and executive education, and this is one of the most well put together courses that I have been lucky enough to experience. The professor, Aric Rindfleisch is a great teacher who knows his topics, and he is fun and easy to understand. The class is set up well, and it is a great introduction to students seeking to learn about digital marketing. I would recommend this class to anyone interested in digital marketing. Thanks Aric for the great job.
I AM VERY MUCH THANK FULL TO PROFESSOR  THE COURSE INSTRUCTOR FROM CORE OF MY HEART. THIS COURSE IS BIRD EYE VIEW IDEA ON MARKETING ON THE  DIGITAL WORLD. THE COURSE INSTRUCTOR  VERY NICELY & SMARTLY EXPLAIN THE CONCEPTS WHICH I APPRECIATE A LOT. THANK YOU COURSERA.
It's very interesting and useful to gain more knowledge about marketing in digital world by coursea courses .Quiz and Assignment activities are really nice and better for our practice and learn through coursea.
I'm a fan of this course! It's the best i've taken so far in Coursera. It's clearly updated and thoughtfully structured. I think this last aspect is SO important for online learning. Thank you Aric!!
Amazing mentor.Amazing course content.Lots of case studies which are useful.Materials provided are very useful.Wonderful Experience.PC-  I was not paid to made such comments.
The entire course was very informational and engaging. It does make you feel like you have added to your knowledge. The professor has done such a great job.
Amazing course! Well structured and kept me motivated to finish it. I learned a lot! Thank you Prof. Aric and Coursera for the quality course.
The course was amazing, very well explained with real life examples. I really like the professor's way of teaching.
Wonderful course. The content is easy to understand and updated. It is very useful
I really enjoyed all lectures and learned more new things then I was expected.
Good knowledge imparted on how digital world influence business
I learn much from this course.
Excellent course
and materials
Very Informative course.....
Before starting the Marketing in a Digital World, I read the comments and were really disappointed to see that the course is outdated and boring. However, I am sure a lot of stuff has been upgraded. Reasons you should take this course:1.It actually analyzes the market of the future.2.Assignments given are really important. 3.All the given advices are interesting are helpful.4.You will have an opportunity to learn basic marketing theory.I had marketing class at my University, but this one is much more modern and interesting. Thanks to the instructors!:))
I will distribute my review in terms of 'Glows' and 'Grows'. Glows being the areas that amazed me. And Grows being the areas that I think need improvement.Glows:1. The assignments are so thought provoking. I have literally enjoyed spending hours doing research for my answers. My suggestions to all my peers who will be taking this course; please do the case studies sincerely. You will get to learn a lot.2. The arenas related to digital markets influence on the traditional ways and concepts of marketing has been beautifully explored. My suggestions to all my peers who will be taking this course; This course is not just about learning these new concepts. It's equally important to learn how to learn. What I mean by the same is,  the new concepts that this course will introduce you to like PWYW, 3D Printing and it's implication on market, e-commerce in case of heavy-engineering goods like Tesla's cars, are just the facade of the whole universe of digital market. Your takeaway should be the ways in which you can keep learning about a lot more of these new concepts and how to prepare a case study of your own.Grows:1. Please make the research papers (HBR) available on a drive or something like that. Not all of us can afford a HBR subscription and we very often run out of the limit capped on registered accounts. The mandatory reading articles if provided as an attachment can help us explore some other articles using our access to other 4 free articles.All the best to Prof. Rindfleisch, Gies College of Business and Coursera.
Greatly enjoyed this course.Covering:-Basic concepts used as a framework for discussion (e.g. 4Ps)-Technical innovations to incorporate (such as 3D printing, augmented reality)-Trends that businesses need to keep an eye on (customer co-creation, managing negative brand image, a shift in the balance of power towards the individual, the customer) and a lot more.I loved the hands on case studies, the supplemental readings and the discussion boards where I could see different perspectives from different parts of the world. Professor Aric has a pleasant and clear presentation style, and the learning seemed pretty effortless to me as I just worked through the material as presented.Very glad I took this course, and moving on to the other courses in this specialization (and others, too).The Coursera platform gives me an opportunity for flexible skill development, which is very precious to me.
I enjoyed this course, the lectures were densely packed with information and the exercises were interesting. I also enjoyed the consistency of the course, it remained at a steady pace of triples – three key points, three questions, etc..I finished this course in 6 days during my week off, and I have to admit, it is not recommendable to complete it in such a short period. The material is very engaging if you are interested in the subject and trying to truely learn the content while simultaneously plowing through the modules with such haste, makes the experience much less enjoyable. Nevertheless, I am looking forward to completing the rest of the course series at a later date in time.
This course taught me about various marketing strategies that company use or apply in their companies.This course all provide deep knowledge and understanding about the marketing tactics in digital world. How companies promote their product? How they place their product in the market?How they decide the price of the product ? Their are various strategies that learned from this course. I got a deep understanding about  Customer co- creation strategies,User generated content,New retail, Self manufacturing,Pay what you want strategy of panera bread, Freemium pricing strategy, Sharing economy etc. So this course is really helpful for mr in understanding marketing in a better manner.
Me ha gustado mucho cómo se ha tratado el curso, os estoy muy agradecida y sí me gustaría seguir aprendiendo con vosotros es un honor haber estudiado con vosotros, y ya me inscribiré a algún curso más siempre que podáis apoyarme como esta vez con una beca total, por lo  menos hasta que pueda empezara a obtener ingresos de lo aprendido.I really liked how the course was treated, I am very grateful to you and yes I would like to continue learning with you, it is an honor to have studied with you, and I will already enroll in one more course as long as you can support me like this time with a full scholarship , at least until you can begin to earn income from what you have learned.
A scientifically structured and  comprehensive yet very simply presented course for all who lives in this digital era. Prof. Aric Rindfleisch has enlightened me in every aspects of this course. I learned the relativity, impacts and how the digital tools are re-defining the roles of 4Ps in the marketing mix. For me it was a fascinating  experience of four weeks. My heartiest gratitude to the amazing lecturer Aric, University of Illinois  and Coursera for bringing changes into my life, because this course motivated me to start learn. I also thank Orel Corporation (Sri Lanka) for granting me this opportunity to learn in Coursera Platform.
I truly enjoyed learning in this course. It is well put-together, delivers important content, and keeps the student engaged. I like that there are short practice quizzes throughout each module to help remind us about the key points.  The case studies are interesting and the assignments relevant. Thank you. I would absolutely take another course by this professor.P.S. - Can you please share this engaging format with the instructors of the Instructional Design Course, as ironically, I had a very hard time staying engaged with this class due to the monotony and the fact that each instructor read every Powerpoint. Thank you.
Excellent course and I really like it! I'm always thinking taking marketing course in the university, and I'm more determined about it after taking this course. The professor not only teaches basic concept of traditional marketing and digital marketing, but also brings up the conclusion from professional researches to provide students with practical suggestions. Besides, the professor conducts interviews at the UIUC campus and introduce real world example for students to discuss after each session as well. I feel very engaged and learned a a lot from both the video course and peer grading assessment.
It was the first I took and it was a great refresher for Marketing graduates who don't really practice this as much anymore. This course really helped me remember important and useful terms which I don't use as much in my industry or type of work. The case studies were also interesting as it widened my knowledge on brands I am not that familiar with since we don't have them here in my country. The introduction to marketing in the digital world was also very clear. Highly recommended for marketing practitioners who need to widen their knowledge about digital to prepare and cope up with the changes.
Content is relatively great and appropriate.  it significantly contributed to my basic understanding and comprehension about marketing and its applications. The peer graded assignments also gave an opportunity for me to learn from other student's perspective on the case studies given per module. Some of the marketing mix examples are even part of our day to day life that we don't realize yet on a deeper manner until learning from this course. All the learnings from this course will be significantly applicable to my current job and future activities for personal growth.
Good course overall. It was honestly a ton of good information, and the allowance to review each others work was good. I think most people paying for this genuinely want to learn and despite the low price tag, its a very good way to learn. I felt incentivized throught out. Thank you. I would only say that even after only a few years, the course needs to be updated to reflect differences in technology.Red Laser is not around anymore, and has become kind of irrelevant, but I still think it provided a lot of value. Even in terms of failures :) Thanks a lot!
As it is an introductory course, one would not expect an in depth coverage and considering the fact that the course would have had students with varying levels of prior knowledge/experience, it was a good course. If you are already into marketing, it gives you an opportunity to re-visit the basics and presents  interesting case studies. If you have no background in Digital Marketing, this is one of the best places to get started. Looking forward to course 2 of the specialization. A big Thank You to professor Aric and his assistant. Happy Learning!
I've started the Digital Marketing Specialization course and am impressed, so far.  Not only is the material a real college course that's part of the U of I business school, but it's also filling me in where my marketing classes left me wanting in the digital age we're in now.  This certificate will be a definite plus to my already acquired M.B.A.  I got my B.A. in 2013 and just got my M.B.A. in 2019 and past marketing classes only surveyed Digital Marketing.  This actually feels like a Graduate Certificate course, less the over-priced tuition!
I am final year student of Mehran UET, jamshoro Pakistan. I visited coursera many times but due to paid courses I didn't take advantage of any of the course. Now a days due to Covid-19 situation my university provided us to take coursera courses for free and then I got this amazing course of Marketing in Digital World by Aric Sir. I must say the course was amazing and I am really very lucky that I got this course and avail the opportunity to learn from the wonderfull university teacher. I will try to take one more course from this university.
Thank you, Sir. I am not competent to comment about you, but I can say for myself. Your teaching style and lecture delivery are the best I have seen, and I have attended quite a few good courses. The course was very well designed. What I like was the ideas presented educated us much beyond the scope of the course. For example, a 3-D printer, in my opinion, till today, was a very basic concept. To my surprise, I found out that this was a must-buy for any small industry, which uses small products and parts, like nails, screws, blocks, etc.
I enjoyed the course right from the very first day.  The lectures by Professor  Professor Aric Rindfleisch is wonderful. I am very happy with the course and it has provided me with so much confidence in the digital marketing area and this motivates me to enroll for its iMBA course which I will join soon. This online course also has motivated me to continually study and keep my knowledge up to date in order to meet the demanding challenges down the road. My sincere thanks to Professor Aric Rindfleisch for making the course interesting.
As someone who is completely new to marketing, this course really helped me understand how marketing in a digital world truly works and will continue to evolve in the future. Thank you to Mr. Rindfleisch for being such an awesome character and a lecturer, watching your videos truly puts a smile on my face every time. Also thank you to my peers for being supportive in the discussion forums and thank you to the whole team. I suggest anyone who wants to learn about digital marketing, start from this course. It will help you immensely.
I LOVED this course! I didn't know what to expect at the beginning, honest, thought it was going to be long, painful and boring but OMG I got so into it! Professor Aric Rindfleisch provided fresh, modern examples of very popular companies and others that i didn't know but I´m so glad I found. SO MUCH useful information and resources during his lectures.  Great reading material.And the best of all, Aric made marketing concepts so easy to grasp and I really enjoyed the assigments. Cant wait for the next course in this specialization.
A great learning experience. I gained a lot of insights on how to apply the 4 Ps of marketing in the digital world.The first of the courses in the specialisation,this course sets the tone for the remaining courses.The teaching methods are very simple and easy to apply.The assignments give us an opportunity to deeply delve into the subject and put forward our views.Would highly recommend to anybody who wants a greater understanding of using digital tools effectively in the marketing world.Thank you for providing me that opportunity.
Thank you for such a Course Aric Rindfleisch is a wonderfully engaging presenter, very
easy to listen to and the course was just the right mix of theory, practical
demonstration and anecdotes.

The content can be related not only to speech therapy but also to events and
situations we face in our daily professional life. It leaves you with a
real feel-good factor. Great presentation style with
lots of real-life examples which
made for a  really enjoyable and informative training. This has more than met my expectations.
As someone that didn't know anything about marketing, I found this course a nice basic introduction into it and it always managed to stay fresh and fun. It covers the current topics of digital marketing pretty well but honestly doesn't go much beyond that, which I am pretty sure changes in the next courses, but I felt the need to mention it as you are someone looking for instant social media analysis and want immediate feedback, I suggest reading the overview first as this course might not be what you're looking for.
This is really a great course for all the marketing enthusiast to begin with , It just not only refreshes the concept of marketing mix in simple and interesting manner but refine our understanding of those mix in digital world, and makes the road to further sharpen the skill, I would really thanks to Professor Aric Rindfleisch for making us understand all the modules with so much ease, thanks to  his flawless presentation skill with great illustrations , I thoroughly enjoyed all the sessions in all the  modules,
The course faculty and quality of content including (videos, assignment ,reading materials)  is absolutely  brilliant. I was a complete beginner and have very little knowledge about marketing in a digital world. Now, I can confidently say that my knowledge level have definitely increased and I have learned various new concepts about  marketing medium and tools.I will recommend this course to every new beginner who want to know about new age digital marketing and lots more. Keep your good works going Coursera!
The syllabus is adequate, suitable for introducing digital marketing. Videos are all right, with a good selection of interviewed professionals. Transcripts are very useful to have under the videos, however, there are mistyped and misheard words here and there. It is useful to see the time needed for each task (video, reading, excercise), though it is nearly always underestimated (even the videos). Examples chosen for excercises are interesting and motivating. I like this active way of learning.
This course helped me to refresh my knowledge regarding marketing that I had gained a long time ago. The course was very well organized - it covered all the main topics in a simple way, provided very interesting and helpful assignments that actually opened crucial questions for further research and encouraged cooperation among course students. Technical support was responsive and very efficient. A warm recommendation for everyone, even for people who want to start learning about marketing.
It was an enriching experience. i thank the entire team for such an awesome experience. It was a great idea to incorporate the academic research articles in every module. This was a great value addition. The offering may be segmented as a concept based one and a research based one. The research based module may increase collaborative research opportunities for bot the participants and the instructors. Thus the cross cultural differences may be examined, analysed and publishedThanks again
Really good. I liked the thought provoking format of the case exercises which made me think deepr about the business aspects and help to show case my creativity beyond the multiple choice answers.Still surprised to see the amount of plagiarised answers. Ultimately this is nothing related or to discredit the high quality of this course rather an issue that I´m sure Coursera will resolve for all courses as the peer review section should only include relevant responses from real students.
First of all, thank you Coursera and Prof Aric Rindfleisch for inducting me into this program. The course captured the new age elements of digital marketing and it gave me a chance to learn at the latest. What I really liked about this course is the seamless transition from old age marketing principles and how it is now in the present-day world. I intend to apply my knowledge from here in the day to day work goals. Thank you. looking forward to joining another interesting course!
This is my third coursera course and it is my favorite so far! The course is very concise and includes successful and failed cases allowing students to study the marketing strategies under a more holistic lens. For those who would like to learn more, the additional reading materials were also relevant and very insightful about today's emerging trends and news.I'd definitely recommend this course to a friend and will be continuing with the next course in this specialisation.
Aric is a wonderful teacher and I thoroughly enjoyed this course! I thought that the case studies and exercises were helpful in giving real world examples of each of the 4 P's, and I especially liked the Academic Insights provided in each module. The readings were relevant and interesting in how they related to the material, and I learned so much about companies, campaigns, and concepts that I didn't know before! Thank you for this course, it was a pleasure being a student!
This is my first time studying for myself because I really want to have digital marketing expertise, and what this course offers is really beyond my expectations, it gives me an overview of how to operate. and solutions, as well as marketing strategies. Through lectures videos that are easy to understand, the system of example is extremely detailed and gets right to the point. I am truly grateful to have given me the opportunity to reduce the tuition fees for this course.
This is a great course that provides a great bunch of ideas and knowledge about marketing and the influence of digitalisation on it- What have changed and how to cope with marketing in today's world teaches us how to use the changes to our advantages. The course is also regularly updated. It was a great experience completing this course. Anyone in the field of business or who wants to set his career in the field of business/marketing should enroll for this course.
Great Course! Prof. Aric has done a marvelous job. From lectures, quizzes and assignments all were well structured from learning and testing the knowledge as well. I completed the course covering digitization of markets and learning how digital tools are changing the landscape of businesses globally. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who is interested to learn digital marketing. I thank Prof. Aric for his hard work and Julie for assisting him.
Thank you so much for the course. It would be better if we see the professional answers as an answer key for the case from a large perspective. For instance, I really care about the answers of cases in terms of the lecturer that helps us to expand our perspective. Review Peer's assignment is a good solution for that however it is better to see the answers from the lecturer's perspective after they complete the course. Thank you for preparing this course.
Before starting this course, I had no prior knowledge of marketing , but after completing this course it is safe to say that now I know a lot about the fundamentals of marketing. Throughout the journey of the course , each topic was explained in a very thought provoking and effective manner and the course outline was carefully designed in order to facilitate all of it's audience whether or not they had prior knowledge of marketing. Amazing experience!!!
New ways that companies are using 4p's and digital transformation in every aspect. I have comes across various innovative methods in product placement for example where companies are leveraging digital technology to enhance the offline shopping experience. Bonus info that professor offered kept my spirits high. I thanks the instructor, GIES college of business, and coursera for adding great inputs to my learning. You've truly democratised education.
It was such a joy to learn so much about marketing in the digital world Aric. Learning concepts about various digital marketing techniques and tools, and taking the exercises was such a joy. Moreover, there was so much that we could understand through the different viewpoints of our peers, that certainly gave every exercise a new dimension of learning. Thank you for such an experience, once again. I'm surely signing up for the next course. Cheers!
I totally enjoyed this course. The entire process and approach was convenient, enlightening and motivating. I always looked forward to being here on my laptop and learning interesting concepts in digital marketing. The quizzes, case studies and exercises were quite intriguing and engaging too. I look forward to applying all that I have learnt, in this course, in real life instances and of course, furthering a specialization in Digital Marketing
This is Undoubtedly an important course , learning platform, Which i didn't even know, when i finished my graduation. This  course is a massive benchmark of learning the pros and cons of Digital marketing which is talked of topics all over the world. This Course touches all subtle key points of digitization. I would highly recommend this course to those who want to learn deeper knowledge about digital marketing and its generations. Best wishes.
Great course, I liked the way each lecture is presented (general overview of each concept; academic insights; practical recommendations) and having a deep and thorough look at how "digital" is impacting "marketing" is so important that is usually overlooked. People just move to specific metrics and practices, but such a revolutionizing way of dealing with marketing deserves this broad and deep look so one can fully comprehend what is going on.
I really loved the course. It was very detailed and the content was very precise and crisp. I loved the way Aric Rindfleisch guided us throughout the whole course. It was really different from traditional digital marketing courses and yet it was totally relevant. The course was really insightful and was taught fro different perspectives. To think that this just the starting of the specialization. What amazing courses await for al learners.
As an architecture student I didn't have any background in marketing. This course was really helpful to help me understand its basics and how is related to the digital world that is so much present in our days. Therefore after finishing this I feel like I'm able to think about marketing strategies for the time we are living in and for different products, services, activities ... I think it would help me in the near future with my career.
The best platform to learn online.  very interesting course that facilitates many students and faculty members to know the most important thing the impact of Degiatal Marketing in today work filed.  The material presentation is very interesting, the instructor presents the material in a cool and easy to understand style. The task given is also very helpful in understanding the material that has been delivered. I really like this course!
The course is beautifully and fantastically designed. Professor Aric's efforts in making the video lectures and giving real world application based exercises is highly commendable. The course does not take you into technicalities of economics or marketing instead introduces the fundamental concepts and makes you think with practical and workable approach. A brilliant course by a brilliant instructor and a must do for brilliant learning.
This course is actually beneficial in terms of relatable and new concepts that are blooming in the real world. Appropriate and apt explanations regarding different marketing principles are provided with great case studies and good practical recommendations to relevant research materials. The course is also quite contemporary based on many of the contents that it has. Thank You to the professor for such a great teaching methodology.
A course that brings a lot of up-to-date knowledge with a practical, interactive and entertaining methodology. It motivates you as a professional to look at the 4Ps of the marketing mix from a world digital  perspective, analyzing case studies that use digital tools and technology to find new solutions for businesses in a new era where consumers take more active roles in pricing, promotion, placing and even co-creation of products.
The course is so beneficial for the person who is actually pursuing career in digital marketing. I learned so much in a very convenient way and it was really easy to understand not because it is easy but the way The Professor explained with such good examples. I loved the way it was taught and explained every point in detail and with practice exercise helping you focused on the lectures. Thank you for such a wonderful experience.
Thank you Professor Aric and team to provide very interesting course where I have found new business models that are still infant in my country, then there is a lot opportunities to growth those models in my country. I especially love the case studies of Threadless, 3D Printing. I would definitely recommend this course to everyone, especially students in developing countries where you can catch the opportunities in digital world.
PLEASE READ: The only reason I'm giving this course 5 stars is because it's great for beginners marketing. The vast majority of the content I already knew and for some reason I thought this course would be a little more advanced. If you have little to no background of marketing, take this course. It will be great.However if you do have a fair amount of marketing knowledge, this course will simply reiterate what you already know.
Excellent course for Marketing beginners! I found its content very helpful
and loved Professor Aric’s videos. I tried very seriously to absorb all the knowledge
provided in order to take full advantage of it. I am looking forward to taking
a deeper dive into all these concepts ahead in the rest of the courses and hopefully
complete the specialization. Thanks Coursera and University of Illinois for
sharing knowledge to the world!
I really enjoyed the first course in the Digital Marketing specialization and am looking forward to #2. I learned a lot of the basics of marketing and how it applies in a digital world including: Product, Promotion, Placement and Price. The exercises are relevant, engaging and fun.  I also enjoyed the brief Campus Spotlight segments where you can learn a bit more about a professor and his/her area of research. Thanks UIUC !
the contents are easy to understand, very well represented with example. during the course we have various methods to grasp the topics. the videos make you feel classroom taste. the simple and easy language to grasp. The honest assignments will help understand particular topics in details. Its fun to learn the course but due to sudden work pressure i couldn't completed the course on 4th week rather completed on 5th week.
I enjoyed taking this course. My profession is not Marketing but I have decided to learn about it since everything is turning digital. In my line of business I am also searching for digital media attention and trying to reach more targeted clients.  I take care of my  web page, Facebook and Instagram accounts. It has been done on try and error. Now I want to be able to do more and definitely better.Thank youHelena Abbo
i dont know if other courses are the same, but what really amazed me here that there was different ways of recieving information, either by videos with the instructor Aric , reading articles, quick quizes, required and optional assignments, making different ways of learning make the learning path not boring and that was enjoyment for me, its not just videos and videos , its mixed ways of learning thats what i loved it
I learned about Four P's back in my O-levels and those Four P's were outdated ones because of the digitization in the world. The course has enabled me to upgrade my knowledge about Four P's by analyzing the examples of well-known companies. Professor Aric's teaching style is way more than excellent as he demonstrated all the concepts in a clear and concise way. Looking forward to learn more from Coursera courses.
A really great course. I learned a lot and the course was logically structured. The scope was large, but not too much. I thought it was very good that you had to write practical exercises and essays. This definitely deepens the knowledge better than "just" quiz questions.  The way the professor presented was very easy to understand and you could listen really very well. Interesting course! Thank you. 5 / 5 stars!
I really loved the course. It was so useful as at same time I was changing my website and re-doing my blog. Shame i missed timing and couldn't submit my assignments.As english is not my first language it would took some time for me to write on the basis I was taught. Anyways I've done a much better job in portuguese in my blog. I would like to submit an english version of what I've been writing after the course.
Excellent course, with very interesting topics, contemporary examples and case studies, and a really good way of structuring the information. Prof. Rindfleisch is a highly intelligent person, who is able to present even the most complicated matters in an understandable and practical way. Inspiring and very useful for my job and as a general source of knowledge focused on digital marketing. Highly recommended!
Great Course, Great Content and Great Teacher.I really liked every minute i spent on this course. Learned a lot and highly recommended for a Working professional, As it only takes few hours a week. I happen to complete some modules in 2 days time, with easy and intuitive learning method of Prof. AricFor Prof Aric : I love to meet you in person some day, and would like to congratulate you for this great course
I benefited a lot from this course, it was the most wonderful to me, I did not have a broad idea about digital marketing, now I have enough information to study and promote a product and choose the price and location style according to the strategies and tools I studied.
Thanks to the University of Illinois for accepting me in this course. I wish you all the best and best progress.
Thank you from the depths
The course was really amazing and i was able to understand each and every word of it. Professor Aric Rindfleisch made it a clear cut way to understand the course in every bits and pieces. The assignments i did was very challenging and appealing. I liked the way of grading the assignments by reviewing our fellow mates assignment. It is a way more approaching. I look forward to learn more with COURSERA
This is an absolutely essential and wonderful course for people who need to brush up their marketing concepts and apply them in real-world case studies in the digital world. The way the course instructor taught the course made me so much keen towards applying to Gies Business School in the future. The peer-graded concept of marking case study allowed people to constructively learn from each other.
It was fantastic experience, absolutely new for me, as I never had a chance to participate in American education! Everything was perfect - video with good quality and sound, good professor loving his work, nice visualization, subtitles. You also can see the progress of your study. Testing and peer-graded Assignment are very useful type of assessment. I learned a lot for sure. Thank you very much!
This course has afforded me the opportunity to learn more about the Marketing mix in the modern business world and how firms and businesses are adjusting to better place themselves in the constantly changing world of the market. Also, I find the case studies and peer-reviewed assignments as a practical way of learning these concepts faster and better.I give it a five-star rating! Well-deserved.
I am very happy and satisfied about this course, the lessons and examples are very interesting.   But i must add that this course is not a detailed Digital Marketing course. It is basically about  just Marketing 4Ps , which Dr. Aric also mentions that it wont be an intense one. So they provide what they say and i am happy with it.And also i enjoyed listening to Dr. Aric, he is a nice professor.
One of the best courses I've done on Coursera. The lectures are really interesting and packed with great case studies. The quizzes are useful in helping to synthesize the learnings. It really helped to have the lecture notes typed out nicely in PDF for easier reviewing (some people learn better visually rather than aurally). Also, the honours assignment were really fun and thought-provoking.
I am so grateful for Professor Aric Rindfleisch for the excellent course content and very good and lively presentations.I have been equipped with a full knowledge of how digital tools impact marketing in our today world. With digitization rapidly take over traditional ways of working they could never have been better time for me to take this course.Thanks Cousera for this wonderful platform
Was an eye-opener in many sense. Through this course, learned about a lot of brands & services, which we normally would have not got exposed to.After the initial slow start to the course, it slowly became additive at times to complete the assignments and review as much assignments as possible to help fellow batch mates. Eagerly waiting to start the next course soon.Thank you Prof. Aric!!!
I really enjoyed this course. As a suggestion for further improvement, I might de-emphasize the discussion of 3D printing (placement) and PWYW (pricing), which seem not to have become quite as impactful as they were expected to become, just a few years ago. Instead, I might beef up the discussion of more relevant topics, like freemium, for example. Otherwise, this was a great experience!
I had no knowledge of digital marketing and now I am starting to learn about it and I am fascinated, delighted about these courses. Marketing is a world apart that I think we must at least know the basics to understand this fascinating world that is involved in many of the activities of the human being. Manythanks to all the people involved in offering these courses and to Professor Aric
I am very far from the world of marketing, my education has nothing to do with it. This course was very informative and interesting for me. I touched something unknown, but so fascinating. Already eager to join the next course on marketing. Thanks to this platform for such an opportunity to study at leading higher educational institutions and to get acquainted with the latest information
The material is pretty up to date. The lectures are very well structured and well presented. The examples and academic studies were pretty informative. The quizzes are a great way to recap each part of the material. The assignments are also a great way to put the lessons into practice as well as to recap/reinforce the material.  It is a great addition to the basic Marketing Mix concept.
I really enjoyed spending time in this course. I get to know so many new concepts. This course was more than amazing I should say. The syllabus and data was very informative. Interesting case studies, assignments that I admired a lot. Thank you coursera for giving me this opportunity to learn this course with financial aid. Finally thank you professor Aric for such enlightening classes.
Really good course, I enjoyed every bit of it. The lectures are simple and full of interesting facts. I loved the case studies that were very concrete and real, the professor makes you work with real data and that makes you feel like you're working in our world! Not too theoretical, everything is applicable to real life. Content really corresponds to what I was expecting. Really good!!
I really enjoyed taking this course. It was informative, interesting and I really liked its format. Every module has a series of reading references, besides the videos on the specific topic, so one can also do some additional reading to better understand the topic. Additionally, there are discussions with campus students or professors, that address the subject from another perspective.
Since i have learned this course with my intrest on MBA.I get to know about the term "Marketing" in which it has many divisions and levels of marketing and the content was very clearful and understanding.and the assignments and case study was intresting,moreover the professor was muvh talented and the communication was easily recogonizing to me.I encourage everyone to take the course.
It describes really well the way brands promote themselves in the US. The way social media is affecting in a positive and negative way companies and their BRAND NAME. A great course that will teach you how to promote your brand in a genuine way. How to be more concerned and creative ( innovate ) about the customers needs, how to engage and create a brand name with a CO-CREATIVE IMAGE.
I did not a lot about marketing in general, and even less about digital marketing. Having started a business with a friend, with an archaeological background, I felt like in the middle of a dark forest. This course is really well organized, the concepts are well explained and you have really the chance to understand the subject with case studies and assignments. I strongly suggest it!
I give this course 5 stars! I learned a lot and I like the hands on activities. The only thing I would change is how the assignments are graded. I know that they're graded by our peers but I don't think that everyone knows how to correctly grade assignments. I received some low scores and I disagree with them. I answered all of the questions with enough detail to be at least "good."
Highly recommended! You don't know what you don't know until you pick up the knowledge through this course. Totally worth for the money and time spent. I particularly like the assignments which I think it's a very good brainstorming section and a best way to remember what has been taught in the course. I'll definitely continue with the rest of the digital specialisation courses.
I learnt lot about digital marketing which is totally new topic for me at first.Now at beginner level I have learnt more and more relevant to the topic.The lessons they have provided is clear and easy to understand. Exercise and assignments helps me to test myself how much am clear about the topic.Thanks Illinois University for helping me to learn with much interest and love.
This course is very useful for me..I register few month ago but re register this course and now i came to know about different new terms from this course like how the 4 ps of marketing will digitally run..The best thing i like by joining this course is that they provide the real life example which inturn helps in better clarity of thoughts.Thats the reason i rated 5 out of 5
Loved the way the concepts are introduced with real life examples of companies that are redefining how they do marketing by involving the customer, every step of the way and making them an integral part of the journey. I am looking forward to the follow-up courses on this topic. I'd recommend it very highly to anyone who's eager to learn and understand more about this topic.
Really great course. I really enjoyed the activities, the practice in a course is fundamental for the success of acquiring knowledge. I definitely recommend it to anyone who wishes to learn the basics of the marketing mix, in the digital context. Aric is really clear explaining the subjects, but again, the course's success is based in the practice exercises of each module.
Very good overview of digital marketing. I have been in marketing most of my career and I learned about some new digital platforms. There is so much information out there and it changes so quickly that taking a course to refresh your skill set and knowledge is invaluable. This course is an excellent one for both beginners and those looking to broaden their knowledge base.
Perfectly structured course! Gives very good understanding of the basic concepts and its implication in digital environment, and gives an opportunity to understand where to continue self-learning! Personally I am currently on a maternity leave thinking on changing profession and coursera app gave me an excellent opportunity to continue learning at difficult routine days!
This course is a must take , very helpful , easy , lots and lots of info and knowledgethe study cases is very good it really helps in the study .the videos the readings ... very easy , not too longbest thing is prof Aric , is a smart men and knows how to delivery the knowledge to you.i love to thank coursers and University of Illinois , and a BIG huge thanks to Prof Aric
The content is relevant, contemporary and well-explained. Hands-on exercises, practical recommendations and recent academic studies are really helpful in understanding the opportunities and challenges created by digital tools in the marketing landscape. Thank you, Prof. Aric Rindfleisch and Illinois - Gies College of Business, for this informative and wonderful course.
As a Marketing enthusiast I found this course very interesting and with a refreshing approach to Marketing, namely making bridges to the new digital tools and how they impact on the Marketing Management. Finally I was a septic about e-learning and this course surprise me as it is very engaging and well structured. Congrats to all of the people who develop this course.
Despite I couldn't complete all the course assesments because I can't afford that now, I really enjoyed all the lessons and I'm very happy with my increase knowledge about 4P's of marketing with a new perspective. This was very usefull to pay attention at new paths to make business trough the collaborative digital community.
Congratullations for the excelent work!
Marketing in a digital world went quite amazing. So many concepts expalined in an intresting manner by taking examples that did out of the box. Research papers are discussed that gave intresting insights.I woud recommend this course for people who are looking to purse their learning in Digital Marketing, Illinois University is a very good option to proceed with.
Its a great refresher course and I like the way it was structured with the traditional 4P's of marketing, that one learned long ago in B-School, being connected with the 4P's in the digital world. The content was concise and precise and just enough to give one an insight into the concepts of how to transition from the B&M world to he Digital world of marketing.
What a great course.  I came in with no idea of what marketing entails and I am walking away with a lot of information.  This course has broadened my horizon on what marketing is by discussing the 4Ps, helped me think creatively about problems by asking for improvement on ideas, and understand how fascinating and deep marketing can be by its numerous readings.
Thank you for the opportunity to study in this great platform, thanks Coursera, without your support, I could not access quality education, in my country it is difficult to access this type of support and you have given it to me, I hope to continue counting on your help economic to spread among my students the quality of universities like Illinois. Thank you.
This course has equipped me with rich knowledge about Digital marketing at its foundation.  All the readings are very interesting too. I love doing the assignments, which urged me to dive deep into each subject. As a non-native English speaker, I found the instruction, structure of the professor and content are easy to follow. Thank you for a fruitful course!
This is one of the best courses i have ever attended. Why? for the following points:1- Very structured syllabus.2- Many hands on exercises.3- Very interesting topics and case studies connected with the real world.I just wish if there is a discussion topics created by the course creators and we as students can discuss with them.Thanks for the perfect course.
The Professor is the best. Those who take the course will pass with flying colours with the help of this class. The only problem which I faced is the reading material, majority of them were Freemium articles whereas I was only able to see the first few sentence and rest I had to subscribe in order to read more. But overall I would rate 5/5 for this course.
It does not repeat the common wisdom you will find in the regular textbooks. The course seeks to introduce new trends especially in the digital context. Highly recommended, also for more experienced marketing specialists. The linked articles could be updated, but I really enjoyed all included materials and after finishing I definitely feel more competent.
Dr. Aric Rindflesch,

Thank you for everything you have done in this course. I really benefited and got many new skills as well. I'm totally interested in what you provided in the course such as cases study, 3D laboratory and the interviews with some scientist. 

I hope I'll be able to get another course with you in the near future. 

Best regards

Safwan
This is a very insightful and engaging course ,unlike other courses one may find on Digital marketing which focus on social media,this focuses on the power of digital route and not just medium.Found the Professor Aric Rindfleisch very very dedicated and structured in the classes conducted.I am extremely thankful to have attended this class.Thanks !Shivani
The professor has clearly taken time to make the information as clear and concise as possible, which is highly appreciated. I think anyone who has an interest in understanding how new digital tools are shaping marketing decisions would highly benefit from this course as the information is as clear as it is crucial. I'm looking forward to the next class :)
This course has given me a wider knowledge about the 4 P's in the marketing mix. My sincere thanks to Pro.Aric Rindfleisch for explaining the concepts in detail. In this pandemic situation when things are not going smoothly, this online course has become really productive for me. I thank University of Illinois and Coursera for giving me this opportunity.
Being a novice to this field this course provided me a good insight in the field of Digital Marketing. I started this course with intentions to add a new stream in my career and it proved 10 on 10 in that aspect. Looking forward for the remaining courses to gain a bit more in this field. Thanks to course era team for such a fabulous and detailed content.
One of the most practical and helpful Digital Marketing Course I have come across till date. I have spent more than 100 Hours in learning the different aspect of Digital Marketing and I must say this was one of the best by far. I recommend everyone to spend some time to learn about this amazing revolutionary change happening in the world of Marketing.
Excellent, interactive course! I enjoyed the assignments (both writing and reviewing of peers work). The quizzes were not obvious and did not require simple regurgitation of info but actual thinking! I found the lessons on  DBI, PWYW and Choice Engines very interesting. Well done Aric and crew, your passion for marketing comes through in the lectures.
It was great listening to Prof. Aric Rindfleisch online on Marketing in a Digital World course. It was indeed a blessing in disguise to learn things during the pandemic,  and refresh your Marketing knowledge in the current environment.I would like to thank the Abu Dhabi Government who thoughtfully introduced the learning program during the pandemic.
Prof. Griffiths is outstanding! You inspired me each and every week, even when the topic weren't on my 'most desidered' list. You are information and entertaining, thank you! Thank you for your brilliant knowledge in this field and encouraging me each and every week. I look forward to International Organization Management, any idea when this may be?
This course is knowledge heaven for someone looking for great insights into the field of Digital Marketing. Professor Aric Rindfleisch and University of Illinois have beautifully structured the course by blending both theoretical and practical aspects into this 4-week information curve that will meet all your needs with regard to Digital Marketing.
This is Not just for Digital marketing, I have been in the business for last 20 years. But what i knew was only traditional Business process of all the areas. Once i started the course, I felt like i am learning new things every in the digital world.  Young or Old, student or Executive, I strongly recommend this course.Thanks Dr. Aric Reindfliesh.
This course was intensive. It was loaded with readings and audio materials; so, after I understood the logic, I decided to devote a fixed amount of time each day to proceed; and I succeeded. This really provides a good update on the recent changes in marketing that we observe with the rise of digital tools. I thank Coursera for this nice learning.
This course helps me a lot of as an entrance to understand about digital marketing. The course material is simple and easy to understand. They also gave the latest update about what's going on today in digital marketing world, and what to expect in the future. Thank you very much for your time and dedication to make this course available. Cheers.
It is one of the best marketing courses I have ever taken (hardly takes a week to complete). The content and the practical examples given in this course is very helpful. After this course, you start seeing Marketing Mix from a different perspective. Big thanks to Mr. Aric Rindfleisch and University of Illinois for making such informative course.
Peer review was a good way to get an insight into what my classmates were thinking. That being said making it optional will help people complete the course quickly without having to wait on assignments to grade. Secondly, the cases were excellent but still 10 years old. It would be good to do a more recent case study (issue from last two years).
I am a graduate student of MBA in Marketing. This is the first time I have taken a course on Coursera and it has been an amazing experience. This course has provided me with so much information and helpful resources to study. It is a well-organized course with readings before a lecture, videos, case studies, assignments and quizzes. Delighted!
I took some online course from other websites about SEO and digital marketing before, but this course is different ! It goes deep in marketing concepts and help students to gain new ideas about how to marketing in a digital world !This course has many valuable peer graded assignments which help students to understand course's materials better.
This is my first course on Coursera and I can say that I am very satisfied. Professor Aric Rindfleisch is a great instructor and educator. The course is designed and segmented so that it simply entices you to go further. It is extremely interesting and instructive. I enjoyed it and can’t wait for the other courses within this specialization.
I enjoyed this class very much! I was impressed with Prof. Aric's teaching style and the way he used interesting case studies to give us examples of how digital marketing techniques worked (or didn't work) in the real world. The projects gave my critical thinking skills a workout. Loved my first Coursera course and ready to dive in for more!
First of all thanks to Coursera and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign for making it possible for us to learn this amazing course.  I would like to thank course instructors especially Sir Aric Rindfleisch for sharing all deep insights and knowledge with students. I am so excited to implement what I have learned in this course.
Loved the content. The instructor was great. The assignments were interesting and beneficial. I feel like I learnt a lot. The only aspect I didn't like was the "view from the quad" section. I quality wasn't great, and I didn't learn any new insights. Plus they always had the same 4 people they were interviewing so not a great sample size.
One of the best courses I ever attended. Clear, fun, and very interesting. The Course's professor was beyond excellent. His methodology and examples were of great quality. Also, as a non-native English speaker, his lectures were clear and easy so easy to understand. Thanks for letting me be part, and learn, from this excellent course.
Being a beginner in Digital Marketing, I felt this course very interesting and easy to understand. Dr. Aric Rindfleisch's teaching is well organized and the videos were clearly presented, and thus helped me to clearly understand the fundamentals of this course. The course further motivated and helped boost my interest in this subject.
I like the course and  I think it is a course that you really need to think and be creative on the marketing strategy. I really like those case studies in the real world that you see different business try to do something to fulfill the world of digital marketing. It is an easy course for the beginner to understand the marketing world
With less knowledge with the trend in Digital Marketing, This course has opened so much doors for me and a brand new perspective in life. I have learned so many new things (compared when I took Marketing courses back in 2002). I am planning to complete all six course affiliated to this and hoping to apply for the I-MBA down the road.
It is a very helpful course.I would encourage people from the Marketing background to please take this course to enhance your knowledge further. The Professor who taught the course is just exceptional. His way of teaching, examples and case studies made it more easy for me to learn and progress.Keep Learning.All the best to everyone.
Great course. I learnt a lot on implications of digital on the 4ps. Though I work in a more traditional marketing function, with a product that will probably continue to be distributed using conventional channels (cement), I see some lessons I can take back to the office as we all try to use the power of digital that is now with us.
I'm very excited completing each module in this course. Very useful, interesting, more over exciting topics. I don't have words to say about the course but really valuable and about assignment each peer should have the basic idea about the topic to go forward next level. So I really enjoyed the course and to complete to more module.
It was an incredible introduction to the world of marketing Im a chemical and safety engineer but I am looking new horizons.  I think this is a new opportunity for my professional carrier.  Aric congratulations, it is not only to know about it but let us understand thats what matter.  Im enthusiastic with this course :) ,  Best Rgs,
This was quite an introductory inclusive course with up-to-date digital practises in the current market. The instructions for the assignments are specific and easy to understand and grade. The assignments also provide hands-on experience with the topics taught in the module. Great thanks to the University, Instructor, and Coursera.
Great course - easy to follow and a great insight intro into digital marketing. Very modern with interesting examples of how well known companies have marketed their products and services. A very understandable, interactive and practical approach that I can apply to the foundations of my digital marketing practices going forward.
This was one of the best course I've ever taken on Coursera! I love how Professor Rindfleisch is dedicated to his work and made everything so entertaining and educational at the same time. I also must note the perfect structure of lessons, assignments, and projects. Thanks a lot to everyone who was involved in making this course.
A wonderful course to kickstart my Digital Marketing specialization.A course with Interactive lectures along with resourceful reading materials. Not to forget, an excellent work by professor Aric Rindfleisch. A big thanks to the Coursera and University of Illinois at Urbana champaign, for producing this wonderful content.Regards
I would like to express my gratitude to the Coursera and LMU .The course is done perfectly : not boring , interactive , quizes and excellent explanation in details by professor Tobias. I acquire a lot of knowledge from this course and I strongly believe that this course will expand not only by skills but also career perspective.
I think this is one of the best learning experiences I have had as a professional (adult). It's academically founded, but I don't get confounded. Its mix of short video lectures, pop quizzes, real life case studies and assignments is perfect for keeping my attention while ensuring that I actually learn and retain that learning.
Without any prior knowledge of digital marketing I enrolled myself in this course.I thoroughly enjoyed learning and this course helped me to understand all the basic concepts.Our INSTRUCTOR was amazing and did a great job.Definitely worth it.Thanks Coursera and University of Illinois for affording us with such an opportunity.
This was my first ever course on Digital Marketing. The contents of the course are so well explained and easy to understand for the beginners.The tasks are easy and very much enjoyable to complete.  All thanks to the facilitators for creating such a great module. It is definitely added value inputs in my academics. Thank You.
Excellent course!  I really enjoyed every topic and lesson which gave me a good foundation into the world of digital marketing.  My only critique is that the professor have input on grading our exercises or at least adding comments to our work.  I value his input more over the other students to determine how well I am doing.
The faculty is knowledgeable and is good at explaining the concepts.The material is relevant, just at the level that I expected, not extra-deep and confusing, but approachable and touching the all the fundamentals.It also covers the changes that the digital tools have brought to Marketing.I definitely recommend this course.
Coursera and Illinois together have made an incredible partnership, the platform is very organized and intelligent, but the best of it is the effort that Illinois put to delivery the best of its content, I have learned a lot in this module, and certainly, I feel like I to want to learn more.Thank you Coursera and ILLINOIS
I really enjoyed doing this course, I learned a lot through each of its modules and its Case Studies. Professor Aric Rindfleisch made each lesson of this course very interesting, easy to understand, full of content and with great examples. I definitely recommend this course! Thank you University of Illinois and Coursera!
This course is necessary in today's time when the world is moving towards digitalization. For me as a Commerce student, this course helped me in understanding the various necessary aspects of Marketing in a digital world. I would recommend this course to very student who wants to learn about the modern way of marketing.
An easy way to do this is to use the sentence structure, “When you [action],” or “Your performance on [project],” rather than using sentences that start with “You are.” A constructive feedback example about behavior is, “When you talk over Pam in the meetings, you're making the women on the team feel less comfortable
Great course! Wonderful overview with the perfect mix between theory, examples and trends! Awesome professor too! Aric makes an amazing job creating a cool, laid-back atmosphere but combines it with thorough knowledge about Marketing, academic insights and digital trends arising in this new era. Totally recommended!
I have completed MOOC at prestigous French Schools such as HEC and Polytechnique....Very interesting as well but sometimes too serious. I was very pleased  with the teaching methods of Aric Rindfleisch, who was very friendly, laid back and who made the experience very enjoyable.  Great job Aric. Thank you very much.
Excellent introduction to basic digital marketing concepts.  The videos and readings are short, but full of information and the content presented is well organized.  I liked the different case studies to illustrate digital marketing principles and practices in a real world setting, it helps to bring it all to life.
I found this course really useful because it spoke of a lot of trends in marketing, past and present, and showed us how to evaluate them. More importantly, it showed us ways to merge trends with one another to come up with improved strategies. It also serves as a good introduction to the world of digital marketing.
It is a very complete course, I am dedicated to marketing and this course gives me a new perspective on digital tools and their operation, not only has theoretical aspects, but is focused on many practical aspects of everyday life.Both the instructor and the subject make the course very enjoyable and interesting.
It was a Wonderful Course. Design, Delivery and Examples were excellent. Videos were very exhaustive and full of energy. The reading material shared was brilliant. One final word: The Professor/Instructor was Excellent in his approach, Communication & Knowledge. It was the Best Online Course I have ever enjoyed.
This is really an amazing course. The content is super updated with new topics and helped me a lot to understand how the new digital world impacts the 4Ps of Marketing Mix. I was fist a bit sceptical but the course is very didactic and the teacher domains the subject. I will definetly enjoy another couse. Thanks
A very good course given with practical examples so that you will learn more and you won't forget the topics that are thought. very fun learning class I really liked it if you are really interested in marketing then this is the must course to go through you will learn all the basic things that are to be learnt.
This is a highly recommended course for Marketing enthusiasts, the contents of this course will prepare you for the future and long term planning that you are gonna have to undergo plus Eric's way of teaching is worth applause, he is simply amazing in what he teaches.without a second thought go for this course.
The information was timely and interesting, though I'm a little unsure about the quality of some of the peer reviews and feedback. I like the pace and the content and appreciated the recent updates that were made about COVID19. It impressed me that they take the time and interest to keep the material relevant.
This Course is very useful as it is presented in very organised manner .The most interactive thing that any candidate can enroll and learn how the marketing trend is changing from  legacy way of marketing to digital Marketing .The control has been transformed from firms to consumers and how things are changing
Oh of course!! The Coursera Digital Marketing Specialization is the best I have come across and I say a big thank you to Coursera for the opportunity that made me a part of this amazing journey. I will recommend this specialization to anyone who's looking to make a career in Digital Marketing. It's worth it.
The course is really helpful for marketing beginners. It explains the four P's of marketing and explains how the digital world is changing traditional marketing practices. The course also has a case study and a exercise per week which are very helpful in better understanding the concepts taught in that week.
best course to learn digital marketing basics and video lectures are best and exercise are best add on so we can get idea about how much we understand and giving lecture based on article which are released by experts helps the most   and peer graded assignment are good way to implement the knowledge we gain
This course is one of the best available resource in the market in terms of Digital marketing trends. It covers all the unique way that big firms have used to market themselves and set an example for the whole world to follow. A must study course for the one who believes that marketing is their cup of tea.
This course is fantastic. The americans are objective, practical and all the things that we are learning have an effective application. Our schools and teachers in Brazil have a lot to learn about how to be pragmatic to focus the energy and time to provide solutions that can improve the life of our people.
It was an excellent experience. Well paced and excellent instruction. Anybody who is new in this sector will get a full picture and older ones will be amazed to learn how things have changed. Our instructor's on point teaching clears the air how we should think and make strategy in this new marketing era.
This is hands down, one of the best courses I have taken. The instructor is amazing and the course is structured perfectly to engage the student from start to finish. I am looking forward to completing more courses like these in order to gain my specialization. Thank you so much for this wonderful course.
Very nice course. Made me familiar with many case studies that happened around the world wrt digital marketing. Through all those case studies I came to know many features of effective digital marketing .Also got a deeper insight into various features of marketing i.e Produc , Promotion, Price & Placement
Amazing insights and this is a door to marketing in this digital transformation. The classes and assignments are really fun and engaging, especially the one on Tesla and Threadless. I learnt a lot from this course and would highly recommend to someone who’s interested in the world of marketing. Thank you
It is interesting and really practical course. I understand that I can use gained knowledge in my future. Second and third week are the most useful. Fourth week let me consolidate my knowledge about freeminium and PWYW concepts. Thank you for this course. You inspired me to learn Marketing in the future!
I loved this course! It's a hands-on approach, and the peer-reviewed assignments makes it easy for students to interact and receive constructive feedback. It's a course to get started in the marketing concepts, I would recommend it to anyone trying to get an idea of what digital marketing is and implies.
What a great class! I've been in marketing for 30 years and had several CMO jobs ... and I still learned a lot. It is a great course for mid term or experienced professionals to update their skills and bring their knowledge current. I'm excited to keep going through the courses in the specialization ...
Such a wonderful experience as this is my first time of going through an online class. The tutor, Professor Aris explained each modules in details which is quite amazing. I need to move forward by exploring other courses in this specialization Thank you Gies College of Business Thank you Professor Aris
This is my first experience in a digital course in a foreign language and it has been very satisfying and enriching. The videos are very clear and the readings allow you to delve deeper into the subject. Great to able to know the opinions of yours classmates when reviewing the assignments. Excellent!!
Marketing in a Digital World has a lot of valuable information about new approaches and traditional ways of the Marketing Mix aka 4 P's. I found it very surprising how up-to-date the studies and examples were in that course, and send my gratitude for the shared knowledge to Professor Aric Rindfleisch!
The professor explained every concept so amazingly that I everything seemed so simple to understand. He used great examples to make it more easy and understandable for students. The course itself seems very interesting providing vast knowledge about various terms and concepts. I loved this course!!!!
Excellent Program. Program explained some of the key concepts of Marketing in Digital environment very well, in simple to understand language. Special mention for Professor Aric Rindfleisch, he explained all concepts very Beautifully, he was one of my key reasons I was able to complete the program!!
The course is nicely structured and faculty has good way of teaching. I really liked all the cases and examples. I loved case assignments which helped me to gain understanding through real world examples. Overall this is a must course for any marketeers not necessary working for digital marketing.
Well firstly i want to say that i am very grateful to have this great course with an excellent instructor as professor Aric Rindfleisch. he made me more passionate about marketing. i wish him more success and best of luck. And finally would love to thank my peers for supporting me in this course.
Great course, as a trained scientist in drug discovery, marketing is something that I have never study before; however, Aric has made this course simple and all materials are easy to understand. Definitely will recommend this course to anyokne who is interested in knowing how 4Ps work in reality.
Aric Rindfleisch has been really great at compiling this course and explaining it in the simplest way possible. All the technicalities are explained in a very easy to understand manner. Even though I have just started with my MBA, I was still able to go through it, without any hiccups.GREAT WORK
This course examines how digital tools, such as the Internet, smartphones, and 3D printing, are revolutionizing the world of marketing by changing the roles and practices of both firms and consumers. Marketing in a Digital World is one of the most popular courses .I learn a lot from this course.
This is a rewarding course which enlightens me about the impact of digital tools on marketing nowadays and I am inspired by the ideas like crowdsourcing and pay what you want. As a marketer myself, I think I may can apply those what I have learnt through this course in the real business world.
Marketing in a Digital World is a wonderful course for students intending to begin their career in Marketing. It teaches the basics of Digital Marketing, easy for a layman with no experience to understand. I enjoyed solving the practical case studies as it gave insights of real corporate life.
Loved the course, and specially the teacher Sir Aric. No one teaches the way he does. Absolutely love his teaching techniques. This course not only enhances my skills but also opens new opportunities for me. Since I am an engineering student this course helps me dive into the commerce sector.
This course exceeded my expectations.
It covered all main areas of Marketing in the digital world we live in with
real life examples and recommendations. The case studies were very insightful
and I learnt a lot from them and how to apply the strategies in order to succeed
amongst competitors.
The course was really good! I enjoyed how he taught things without making it too boring, he was funny at times which made me chuckle and made me more engaged! Also, the peer-based assignment was something I didn't see (probably cause I didn't see online courses much) so yes it was innovative.
MARKETING IN DIGITAL WORLD  course gave me a wide view of how traditional market works and how marketing could be extended digitally. it was a great course. i got to learn some strategies of marketing which would be really helpful in my carrier development. THANK YOU COURSERA  for the course
I LOVED THIS COURSE! the way it's presented , the genuine campus tours and how this course has introduced me to many different new things i never heard of. It helped think like a marketer through their engaging assignments and i totally view the digital world in a new fresh perspective now.
This course gives you an overview of how digitalization has impacted the marketing mix.  Working in retail this really provided me with usefull insights. Great practice examples and assignments, that challenge your creativity. The teacher clearly enjoys his job and I've enjoyed this course!
Collection of update information and the updated awareness of the instructor on the subject matter has made this course excellent. I enjoyed my time learning new information during the "Marketing in a digital world" course. Looking forward to using these information in my upcoming projects.
Excellent course! Besides to the content being very good, knowledge exchange analyzing peer work around the world brings a broader view of marketing. Different analyzes, different points of view make you think more about other cultures and how to relate a product / service around the world.
It was an amazing course!! I really enjoyed it because the professor is really experienced, shares a lot of insightful ideas, chooses really well the cases and the material seen. I really understood the bases of Digital Marketing and I am willing to continue learning more about this topic.
This course opened up my mind! I am inspired to keep reading about the advancements in the digital world, so as make my own innovations and stay relevant in this fast changing digital world. I can't wait to take the rest of the courses in this Specialization. Thank you Aric and Classmates!
At first, I wasn't expecting much from this course rather than just stating the obvious stuff that's common to everyone.I was astonished by the amount of useful content this course has provided alongside the case study assignments, which helped me to change the way I approach things.10/10
Recommend to take this course because the contents are prepared detailed and well. There are also some videos for interviewing the students in the campus to let us know more polls in the reality. Interesting to learn with many case studies and make us absorb more quickly and not too dull.
This course is super dynamic, no way to get bored. Also, my husband did it 6 months ago, then I started it 2 months later and it was already updated. Now that I redid the whole thing and finished it already included covid 19 in the cases. Its an amazing job they do to keep it up to date.
The course is very well explained in simple English. The use of modern digital marketing like lego ,GoPro and Tesla have made this course enjoyable and the made it easier to understand. The course is self paced and will help to develop certain set of skills so that's definitely worth it.
I loved this course, proffesor Aric is a great professor, uses actual cases and is very understandable. The class is dynamic, I enjoyed it and learned a lot of things I did not know existed as a concept. It has been a huge input and a good addition to my career. I recommend it very much.
well, First of all I would like to thanks my virtual mentor/instructor for introducing me with new concept at least for me, now, i only completed the course but i am looking forward to apply these concepts on my very own small startup to gain potential customers and a positive feedback.
I am a person who believes in covering the fundamentals in depth before moving on to a specialized course. Couldn't have asked for a more perfect course which covers the fundamentals of digital marketing in depth. I have picked up the entire specialization and hope to complete it soon.
I would recommend anyone to take this course. It does not matter if you are a beginner or you want to refresh your knowledge, because the explanations and examples offered about the 4 Ps of Marketing are essential if you are going to build a path to the new world of digital marketing.
I took this course to refresh my skills as a marketer and to improve my knowledge around digital marketing.  This has been a very useful session and I am looking forward to utilise these updated skills / knowledge in my role and hopefully be able to seek new job opportunities with it.
Best course I have done so far in Coursera. The professor has the simplest solution to every problem. I look forward to doing the specialization. Also, after this course, I would personally like to study at the university of Illinois now that I have experienced the quality of learning
I have learned about different strategies through this course which are taken up by different companies across the globe in order to boom their sales through marketing. Most importantly digital marketing is replacing field marketing these days so it is necessary to learn such skills.
I would recommend everyone to take this course. Professor Aric Rindfleish is a marketing genius. He can explain anything in the easiest manner. The assignment are the best part about this course. If you do them seriously with dedication, it can teach anyone the modern day marketing
It was a detailed course with interesting projects to work on which not only enhances knowledge but it also gives a practical approach to the thinking, its peer graded assignments helped me in learning with others and to think in a manner that could get accepted by others as well.
I loved this course. All the modules provided videos that helped provide insight into the curriculum with clear examples of how digital marketing strategies are applied today. The assignments helped me to brainstorm how I would apply digital marketing strategies in today's world.
Very interesting courses ! and the approach is very complete. The case studies are interesting also however you should update some.It has changed my view of marketing and give me tools for my job ! Thanks to the team and the other students of the session with their comments. Davy
Loved the course. It not only fulfilled my expectations, it actually was much more than what I was expecting. The course is very well structured and I enjoyed it thoroughly. I definitely recommend anyone who is interested in digital marketing to enrol in the whole specialisation.
It is a very interesting course with lots of examples and up-to-date information. I was surprised it even talked about the Covid-19 situation which happened only a couple of months ago. It is entry-level so it's not that I got a lot of new information but it was well structured.
Excellent introductory course.  A good review of how digital capabilities have impacted the 4 Ps. Course was informative and fun.The only issue is with the conversion boards - it is mostly people asking you to review their submissions - and not real discussion about the course.
As a teacher the one thing that I have learnt is "If you can make things so easy to understand, that anyone can understand it, then you are an excellent teacher"This course helped me understand the key concepts of marketing so beautifully. Loved this course for its simplicity.
Professor Aric Rindfleisch has a thorough understanding of the marketing. He conveys knowledge in an interesting and understandable way. I received  helpful instructions on how to use the digital tools in marketing. I will definitely use the acquired knowledge. Thanks a lot!!!
Thank you for the course! All of the lesson making me understand how crucial digital environment moulding the marketing aspect. It is great to more understand the digital marketing should work. All of the explanations is comprehensible and straight-forward to real-life cases.
This is indeed an elaborate and useful course and helped me gain deeper insights into the concept of digital marketing.  The instructor brings in props and even tries out some of the case study products which is pretty cool and makes the studying process even more interesting
This course enhanced my  knowledge on marketing in digital world, short videos, and quiz on every video to test was good, case studies and live interviews were interesting,  it was quite an easy course with lot of engaging activities, i will recommend certainly to my friends
I was in the middle of marketing management by Philip Kotler, and I picked up this course. This course is easy to apprehend and it changed my perception. After completing the course, I realized that I can pursue the digital marketing course and read the book, simultaneously.
Amazing course! Very well-paced, intuitive, easy-to-understand, with exciting case studies that involved application of the concepts taught. Moreover, Professor Rindfleisch is brilliant in his teaching methodology, making you want to learn more and more! A great experience!
The course is excellent. It combines academic insightshands-on experience as well as up-to-date insights into resarch - all of this presented by a Professor with a deep understanding of the topic, presenting it in a very pleasant and motivating manner. You´ll be surprised !
Every topic is delivered concisely, clearly, and easily understood. The examples and cases provided are very relevant. Make lessons easier to understand and apply in analyzing each case. Each case makes me able to think critically to make solutions according to the theory.
Even though I'm a marketing student, all the concepts in the course were new and informative. Prof. Aric did a GREAT job explaining all the concepts and making it fun to learn by giving so many good examples. Really enjoyed the course. 10/10 would recommend this course! :)
This course is very systematic and easy to understand with good pratices. But one thing I think can be improved is that this courses is a bit old and the materials are kinda old too, they are like from before 2008 and even 2001. It would be better to update some materials.
Thanksfully GOD for this moment ..
Special thanks to UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS AT URBANA-CHAMPAIGN for the lesson on coursera at marketing in a digital world. I get valuable lessons and experiences. Good luck with all those who contributed to the production of this material.
This is my first ever online course in my whole life, and I must say, EACH SECOND I'VE TAKEN THIS COURSE WAS DEFINITLY WORTH IT! Thank you Coursera! Thank you U of I! And most of all, thank you to one of the best lecturers - Professor Aric Rindfleisch! Defintely THE BEST!
Was a super interesting course accompanied with articles and videos.  I highly suggest this to anyone who is willing to give up 1-2 hours, 3-5 days a week to keep their brain a bit active and learn something new.  Was definitely worth it!  Interesting subject matters too!
Wonderful course on Marketing in the Digital World. I enjoyed the journey and loved doing insightful case studies. The trainer was very elaborate in explaining the concepts and i thoroughly enjoyed doing the course. i sincerely recommend this course to the professionals.
The course was very informative and helpful. Gained a lot of information about different companies and their strategies. It was really worth it. This course is really good. I suggest everyone to do this course to gain not just theoretical but practical knowledge as well.
This was no doubt the best course I have ever done in my life. Thank you very much to Aric Rindfleisch Sir for his great and excellent teaching. He taught so good that too online, it is remarkable. I have acquired much knowledge on digital marketing. Thank you very much
Great course!this course s a must for anyone who would like to learn about digital marketing, the teacher gives several examples, the peer-graded assignments are great and involve playing games! writing on Wikipedia etc. trust me you will fall in love with this course!
Marketing in the Digital World is a very interesting course, i have done my Master's in Marketing a decade ago so this course helped me fill the gap and i could catch up to what was happening in the digital space. New concepts and new perspective. Highly recommended !!
Learned lots of new from hereUser generated content Pay want you want Doppelganger Brands3 D printing and its benefits and how its going to disrupt manfuacturing and placement of product and brands Online shopping of any product as long as the customer trust the brand
Excellent overview of how marketing has changed as a result of the digital world.  I highly recommend this course as a great update for any marketing professional who has not updated their skills to understand the powerful impact of digital tools on the marketing mix.
Very good course . I would suggest everyone to take this course as it is very innovative with great ideas and case studies . Professor Aric has explained everything in detail about the current scenario of marketing and how the world is changing digitally . Thank You !
Amazing course! I have learned a lot about new disruptive technologies and innovation as addition to a digital marketing. I enjoyed greatly a practical side of the course. Well done and thank you Professor Aric and all the staff responsible for developing this course.
I learned so much! I am new to marketing and this course has helped me learn new techniques and strategies to apply to my position at work. I am excited to implement the things I learned in my marketing campaigns. I am so happy I decided to start this specialization!
I learned a lot about digital strategies, I thought it was going to be a very theoretical course on concepts but I was completely wrong. I came across a very current course, with interesting examples and exercises applied to everything that we are experiencing today.
That was useful and interesting especially for beginner in digital marketing. Very accessible lectures and very informative additional interviews. There were some problems with case studies (StarBucks, RedLaser), but they were solved during the progress. Many thanks!
One of the best course in Digital Marketing for those who need to understand the concepts of Digital Marketing. I enjoyed all the modules and particularly right assignments based on the topics which makes the student to relate the concepts with  real world scenarios.
It was an interesting course. General marketing concepts were discussed, marketing mix, many examples and many essays.Unfortunately, I can not say in which areas the course was bad) This may limit development within the allotted time? :)Thank you for the great class!
One of the best course of Digital marketing on Coursera. Professor Aric Rindfleisch has constructed the course material with case studies with utmost care that every student get the exact idea about the course. The mentors are helpful and quick in case of any doubt.
So interesting! I had the opportunity to understand the theory behind strategies I´ve using as a customer, but didn´t understand from the marketing point of view.  New concepts for me, like Doppelganger, Versioning, New retail.  I learned so much! Thank you!!!!!!!
This course is highly recommended to everyone - to those that just started exploring digital marketing or professionals that still want to fortify their foundations in this field. The lessons are very comprehensive and packed with relevant examples and references.
I really liked this online course. Although I had heard some concepts, I had not delved into them and this course allowed me to do it, in addition to being very dynamic and clear. I recommend it 100%. Thank you very much UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS AT URBANA-CHAMPAIGN!
I am a business  student. This course helped me a lot the 4ps of marketing  with real examples  through  different marketing  strategies  of different  products. So, I think I can apply  my learning  abilities  in real life and fulfill my goals. thank you coursera
A great experience in learning digital marketing basic and theories even when I am not from a marketing degree. Very appreciate the way the assignment goes, great insights and the best part is when your work is reviewed by other learners here. Thank you very much!
Ahh, just wow course. These sets of lectures had really been remarkable and priceless for me. I learned a hefty bunch of strategies and interesting new concepts. The backbone behind this course who made it way convenient was one and only Instructor. Thanks a ton.
Professor design the online course scientifically, reading articles, watching videos, doing exercises and join in project. We can learn professional knowledge and apply them to practice. I am totally new to marketing and this course explain theories very clearly.
A truly 5 star course. Aric Rindfleisch is a wonderful teacher and the way he has designed the curriculum is awesome, scientifically designed modules, real life examples, relevant case studies, great learning. One of the best courses in Coursera. Must go for it.
Dear Sir, I am facing problem to get my certificate even though I have verified my ID also as per the procedure mentioned on the respective page but after having successful verification also it not displaying my certificate. Please help me to get my certificate.
Dear Aric i really want to thank you for your wonderful and understanding lecture. The course was very informative and the way Aric delivered was awesome. And giving consecutive assignments taught me very much about the subject and the topics very well. Thankyou
The course was great. It has real world cases and exercises related to them. The new trends were emphasized on all the 4Ps of marketing. Thoroughly enjoyed the course. Would love to continue with the remaining  6 courses in the Digital marketing specialization.
THis is a really interesting course to take, and it's quite up to date, so we don't have to worry about watching old videos. The Professor is inspiring, and I am really glad that I can learn about marketing in addition to my literature major in this way online.
This course has definitely enlightened the idea about what is Marketing exactly . Proper and good examples with good case studies has helped me a lot to think and give my ideas . Overall the course was fantastic . Thanks to Eric Sir for his efforts .Appreciate!
I am relatively new to the world of marketing. Having seen the reviews and then undertaking the course, I felt it nailed the basics for a novice like me. But yes the course content had potential to be updated going by the dates of the required reading/examples.
Excellent introduction into the manner and practical usage that digital marketing is evolving in modern society. Specifically, this course is good at employing a number of different examples both digital and experimental instead of just one long lecture course.
Love it! Class really in-tune with our time. Great teacher. Simple language, clear messages. Straight to the point examples. Easy take-aways that I can actually re-use the next day (vs usually academic and highly complex learnings from other marketing classes).
The course was great and provided exposure to a lot of new ideas & concepts and application in the real world.More importantly, it was the best structured course I have ever had a chance to undergo on Coursera, the material has been extremely well thought out.
Very educational course. This was my first MOOC course, and my first actual course on Coursera, and I'm impressed by the quality and programming. I've been in digital marketing for more than a decade, and I still learned important information about this field.
Professor Aric, the enthusiasm and energy  you have put on building this course is laudable. No lectures during my studies have been so exciting as yours. Thank you professor and thank you coursera for giving us Prof. Aric. Would love to learn more from him.
I really loved this course. It was very diversified with different sources and mediums. The course teaches not only the basics and the current situation but also goes beyond and introduces new technologies that will have profounf impact on digital marketing.
Best course on Digital Marketing. The instructor is easily understandable. Enough examples are given during the course. The exercise and honor assignments are well aligned with the course. Simply recommend it. Go for it! word of mouth marketing.....done! ;)
Excellent presentation of the course material, Lectures and the overall course content. Thank you to the team that made  marketing in a digital world a rich and informative course for anyone interested in learning about marketing in our modern digital word.
As a person with no prior experience, this course has provided me with the necessary tools to be introduced to Digital Marketing. The resources were easy to digest, the instructor has a nice ability to simplify concepts and the material itself is enjoyable.
A very useful course with so many interesting exercises and real examples about Digital Marketing Mix strategies of various businesses. I feel like I learn even more practical knowledge about marketing here than at school! Thank you ASU and Professor Aric!
AMAZING COURSE!I've learned so much from this course. The Professor is absolutely amazing! He teaches in such a good way. Each point is supported by examples and academic insights.As a student, I couldn't ask for a better way to learn!Thank you Professor!
Content is very impressive and updated. For those who want to do some in digital marketing this course will really help to improve strategy according to upcoming digital tools. Also knowlwdge about price comparision tools is very essential and new for me.
Great course!! I learned a lot, and I think that even though its a little old (2015), most of the concepts are perfectly valid and have developed since the time it was created. I loved the structure and overall the professor and the exercises. Recommended
It was the great experience. Course content was very good . Reading material provided as well as instructor is really good. Helped me learn many things related to Marketing in digital era. This is a must course who wants to go in Digital Marketiing field
Loved this course - would thoroughly recommend to anyone. Whether you already have a degree or are a complete novice, it's really informative and provides some great case studies. I really liked the combination of videos, quizes, written submissions etc.
Excellent introduction to digital marketing. As a novice, I found this course very informative and feel I am now equipped to apply the concepts in my own line of work as an entrepreneur. Thank you very much Professor, University of Illinois and Coursera.
I am pleasure to done this course because it is my one step towards one of my big dream that I want to complete in future.If i am talking about teacher that there is no doubt that he is best teacher for digital marketing and also teaching skills is best
It was a really very Fruitful course. It did give me a broad idea about the world of digital marketing. One should take up this course to get a better understanding about how the world  market is moving towards an online or we can say a  digital world.
This course is extremely interesting, modern and enjoyable! I learned a tone of new stuff, which my university failed to teach me. I really recommend this course to people who want to broaden their horizonts with what's changing in the marketing world.
I have gotten a great overview of the latest trends in digital marketing, and insights to how to leverage this knowledge for my marketing work. I look forward to deepening this knowledge as I take on the other courses in this specialisation. Thank you!
I love this course, I learned so much about marketing and it made me realized that I want to change the direction of my career, I cannot wait to do another course.The professor is great, thanks so much for allow me to love Marketing in a Digital World
When I tried their first online course, it feels really outdated. But I really impressed with how it actually is up to date. Even the research itself is based on the 2020 journal. I really enjoy Aric Rindfleisch explanation and it really enlightens me
The course is perfect match for marketing and digitalization . The assignments, reading articles and all of the samples are very informative. I completed all the assignments with pleasure. Thank you so much for preparing and presenting of this course.
Provides a good overview of the marketing 4Ps and how these relate to the digital world we operate in today. Good if you're looking for a 101 intro course to digital marketing, it lays the foundation but you will need to study further to delve deeper.
This was my first course on coursera in general. The amount of knowledge I've got through this course is tremendous. Every module at the end is tested with a quiz and case studies which enhances and tests your theoretical as well as practical skills.
Very informative contents and examples were an eye-opener for me being a marketing professor. I was hesitant to complete the course, but as I progressed with the video lecture series, found it very interesting and engaging. Thank You, Professor Aric.
It is a great door for entrance to really understanding what digital means to marketing and be very concrete and precise when talking about digital marketing. Mainly because one usually think of digital marketing as equal to social media marketing!
Great Course! I loved the first module of Marketing in a Digital World. Professor Aric Rindfleisch is excellent. The material and exercises give full comprehension of the subject even for the ones without Marketing background. I would recommend it.
It is a course which gives a great head start to someones who wants to make a career in digital marketing. All the points are cohesively and neatly explained and are well substantiated by relevant examples which makes the course easy to comprehend.
I was hesitant at first as I thought "I know the basics of marketing and the 4Ps" but I was positively surprised. Very up-to -date, interactive and interesting course.   Al lot of interesting real life examples. Had a lot of fun and learned a lot.
This course motivate the students to study further on Digital Marketing with the carefully designed syllabus. I love this course and the lecturer and regret this course is too short. I would have a comprehensive version of this course with the sam
This course is very interesting because I could learn a lot about the marketing in a digital world, also, I Learned about new tools and new opportunities areas for to apply investigation.In my point of view this course was wonderful.Thanks a lot.
I have no back background whatsoever in digital marketing, I thought the course will be very complicated. Digital marketing was taught using terms that I could easily understand and grasp. It was very informative and I have learned a lot. Thanks!
Terrific course covering the full marketing mix with respect to digital - truly enlightening and with tons of ways I can improve my new venture - great videos that are well laid out and beyond interesting to watch.  I highly recommend this course
This is one of the courses that I have enjoyed doing the most. I thank Professor Aric in helpung me to understand the concept of 4 Ps in Marketing ie Price, Place, Product and Promotion.The case studies are the ones that I have enjoyed the most.
Great class! Very clear and well-structured content with good industrial case studies. All the assignments and honor assignments are all related to the case studies and reflecting what you learned and your career experiences. Highly recommended!
The course was very useful and very informative on the basics of digital marketing and also the factors which may need to focus on implementing or running a digital business. Thanks, Coursera and GIES college to provide me with this opportunity.
This has been very insightful! It fulled my interest in Marketing, and now I am glad to inform you that I will be taking it up as a minor in my university. Alongside, I am also pursuing marketing and communications positions in my organizations.
A thorough look into digital marketing with case studies of current companies like Tesla. Very engaging and a must when looking into the future of 3D printing as well as the implementation and importance  of the four P rules. Highly recommended.
This course is very well presented, has the right mix of video lectures, exercises and reading material to keep engagement level high. I learnt not just the theory but saw it working in practice. Excellent work by Prof Aric Rindfleisch and team!
Great course, very informative! I enjoyed the interviews in the Quad also. I am now able to recognise digital marketing approaches when it comes to the 4Ps easier and I look forward to be in a position to set them into use. Thank you Professor.
The course provides lots of great examples to explain the concepts and theories in the digital world of Marketing 4P. The exercises are well selected to help us internalize and reapply what we've learnt into the business cases. Highly recommend
This class was very well designed and lectured. I have a engineering background but in the first week of this class the professor taught the basic concept of the 4Ps so anyone even without Marketing background had a chance to follow the course.
The course Marketing in a Digital World gave me a good orientation on the topic . I am gaining confidence  as I want to start working again. The examples and the exercises given were very helpful in understanding the subject in a deeper sense.
Overall wonderful experience with good insights about the digital tools from Prof. Aric Rindfleisch.  I will highly recommend for those who want to gain some practical knowledge and hands-on training about problem-solving using digital tools.
Professor Rindfleisch makes each principle in this course wonderfully relatable and clear. His general demeanor - humorous, amused, fascinated with the material - is engaging and wonderful too. I truly enjoyed this course and recommend it. :)
Marketing in a digital world is amazing course is very informative and creative . i have much interesting to learn this course and i am very thankful to coursera to give me a chance to learn this opportunity. thanks a lot regardsMuhammad Asim
Excellent Course. Very well researched and up to date content. Couldn’t help but wonder how much research actually underwent into making this MOOC so engaging and enjoyable. Kudos to Gies business school for creating this exemplary of a MOOC
This course is great. The material is updated and good. Professor Rindfleisch is an excellent teacher and manages to explain complex things clearly and briefly. I also like the choice of additional readings. I strongly recommend this course.
Aric is an amazing professior who is passionate about Digital Marketing, which is evident in the way he has structured the course, his knowledge and understanding of this evolving concept, and his ability to explain and teach the course in a
I am a newby in digital marketing. This course taught me the very foundation of marketing which is the marketing mix or the 4ps. If you want to learn the basics of digital marketing, this course is a great start of many courses to finish.
An excellently designed and delivered course. Prof.  Aric has delivered relevant lectures with relevant examples. The industry based case studies have been apt for the course and finally assignments help in enriching the knowledge gained.
Excellent course! Big thank you to Prof. Rindfleisch, the course was very comprehensive, interesting and easy to understand. I definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to have some interesting insights into Digital Marketing.
Very interesting course, easy to follow on the internet, with a lot of different materials : lectures are good, reading very interesting and well chosen, interviews help widening the subject. Only critic is that examples are US-oriented.
Dear Professor Rindfleisch and Mary Alice,Thank you very much, great course. You focused on 8 good applicable tools related to the 4 Ps of the Marketing Mix. I look forward to the next course.  Regards, T,  Tino Bernal Janna Orlando, FL
Its was very fantastic course and really interesting for me . It give me introduce about digital marketing and how it would be benefits for business in today . Really nice and all the course module are update to date and helpful for me.
First of All, I'd like to thank Dr. Aric for this awesome course as he simplified the information and his strategy of engaging me in the tremendous activities it's enriching my knowledge through realistic exercises.Again thanks Dr. Aric
It was just a superb learning experience! Thanks to Prof Aric for delivering excellent lectures. Course content is very good. I think i learned better in online environment that i could have in classroom setting. Thanks once again Prof.
The only review I have, that is their some exercises that are not available for all students according to their location. Also, the course is not updated as there are some new researches arise for the used examples (3D printing, etc...)
Excellent course, both for beginning and experienced marketeers. Loved the way the course focuses on explaining specifically -and with great examples= how the 4Ps theory of Marketing is being transformed by consumers in the Digital Age.
This course was so thoughtfully designed. I have no formal marketing background but the instructor made the course so easier to understand. With the help of case studies and videos and quizzes, it was an excellent learning opportunity.
Perfect introduction to the digital world. Aric is not only succinct, he also brings to the table several very interesting and up to date technologies that will reshape the online marketing landscape in the next years.100% recommended!
Eye opening and very insightful especially for a non tech native. Course was well planned, organized well and presented in very creatively. Assignments were very thought provoking and well thought out. Thoroughly enjoyed this course!!
Awesome experience..on Marketing in a Digital World ..Digital marketing has been a great resource to me .They helped me not only put engaging content on our website and social media platform but have also helped me converet traffic .
Awesome course and well panned out into 4 weeks. Good for working professionals like me to complete these courses.Most importantly this was my foray into the marketing domain for the first time and the course exceeded my expectations
Understood each and every concept very clearly, I'm very thankful to Professor Aric Rindfleisch for their exceptional teaching methodology. Now I'm more confident than ever and ready do implement those strategies in my startup idea.
Talks about the 4 Ps of marketing in a digital context. Good course for beginning with digital marketing strategies, mostly talks about the theories with updated examples but implementation of these practices will be on the learner.
I am happy with the way teh course have been curated. The course have been explained in detail and with good examples. The campus interview with professors were very informative. Aric is indeed a great tutor. I look forward to more!
I appreciated that the course was up-to-date with current events and new studies. I also thought the professor was very knowledgable and provided great information as well as fun case-studies. Highly recommend and would take again!
A very elaborate course. This course brings one upto speed with the current trends in the digital world. It acts as a stepping stone and open visualization to the application of the digital tools in the brick and mortar businesses.
This was a very informative and helpful class that gave a good overview of what digital marketing is, including the marketing mix, promotion, placement, pricing, and more. I would definitely recommend this class for other students!
Matched expectations, well calibrated in terms of information, examples and workload. No fluff, all useful. I particularly liked the "dive ins" with the academic perspective, and the challenge of the honors assignments. Thank you.
An extremely interesting course, adapted to today. It revealed to me a whole other dimension of digital marketing and encouraged me to look at things differently. During the course, I made a firm decision to start my own business.
This course really engaged me in critical and creative way of thinking about digital marketing. I enjoyed many case studies here, specially about Tesla. The course was very actual and presented innovative concepts. I recommend it!
Great experience joining the course, there are many useful information and case study. This course can enhance my knowledge for such one who know zero in marketing like me. Looking forward to join the next course as soon as I can.
It has an exciting opportunity to study this course,the lectures were educative with detailed explanations, examples, the case study and Peer-graded assignment went a long way to give me the clue of what digital marketing entails
It's a good course. I learned about all these new business models and brands. It surely gives you perspective. The peer-graded assignments helped me fine-tune my skills further and I received some valuable feedback from my peers.
Very straightforward and critical points around Marketing is covered through this course. The peer assignments are interesting too, which lets us reflect and share our understanding of a concept. I'd highly recommend this course.
All the courses out there just focuses on the How-to part of any digital marketing channel, which can only give you 1/4th of the complete knowledge. This is a must course for anyone looking to biuld a career in Digital Marketing.
This course is great, it gives students not only very good insights about the current Digital landscape, but also tools to navigate into it.  It's ideal for people who want flexibility and are disciplinated to study on their own.
Very helpful course! Provides lots of relevant information on the marketing mix, current digital strategies and best practices in today's marketing world. Would recommend for people who have some marketing or business knowledge.
Great course! I've been very satisfied with the topics treated and about the teaching model.
The exercises and the practical assignments have often been time consuming and this is why I found them effective and useful.
Thank you
The course is quite good and very helpful for me.But I’ve also got some suggestions: some of the tools are not very latest popular tools or not global tool. for example, the Redlaser is not well developed in global environment.
Unforgetable method of teaching, in this course we are not studying we are learning automatically. It is like a method & topic & way of teaching that automatically involved the people. And at the end you understand completely.
Really Amazing and Great Course !!! Thank you Professor Aric for all the hard work you put in this course ! you really opened my mind to many new things that i could have never learned or enjoyed in my local education! THANKS!
Excellent teaching by the professor. The professor makes sure you learn the topic so well with the explanation and the quiz. I personally loved the way the course was structured and I'm indeed going back very happy. Thank you
Excellent course, all the concepts explained in this course are beyond of the regular ideas about Digital Marketing. I just learn another better way to work in the digital future of my company. I really recommend this course.
Found this course extremely helpful. Big eye opener to the Marketing world. Would recommend it anyone trying to widen their knowledge on the up and coming digital world. Looking forward to getting stuck into another course :)
A great course for a beginner. The Use Cases used in this course is excellent. Aric Rindfleisch teaching style is very good and easy to understand. I recommend this course to all interested in understanding the Digital World.
One of the best courses for beginners in marketing. The way of teaching throughout the course was fun and learning. I enjoyed completing this course. Thanks to coursera for providing such good courses through their platform.
It is a really good Marketing course. It is complete and very interactive course. It has a lot of interesting - real life- Cases that help you understand how is working the digital marketing nowadays. I recomend this course.
I have learnt alot about digital marketing and digital world that i had no idea of.I especially loved the case study.I hope that in future when i start my own business i can apply some of the things that i have been taught.
I found this class to be stimulating, interesting and in the main, challenging. I learned new concepts and lots of new applications for digital world marketing, which I must say is very different than traditional marketing.
I really enjoyed this course.  I found the lectures enjoyable and liked the examples shared and stories told.  The interviews with students walking around campus were a nice touch because they gave me a feel for the school.
Thankyou Gies When I was started the  course I had very less knowledge about the marketing in Digital world and now I feel so happy and grateful that I got maximum knowledge About it so and it will help to explore my career
This course has helped me understand various aspects of Marketing mix in a digital landscape. The case studies were fun to work on. It made me think and apply the aspects of product, price, place, promotion in solving them.
Good course everyone should go through. I learned a different perspective to look for the improvement of any company and how to use digital mediums for providing value and service. Amazing case studies and enjoyed learning.
i like this course a lot. It provides with some knowledge from basic, discussing over the traditional 4Ps to 4Ps in digital world. This is suitable and beneficial for work and also student studying marketing related fields!
Dr. Aric Rindfleisch is an excellent instructor. The concepts in this course are explained in a very simple manner and the case studies to an amazing job of reinforcing those concepts.Very glad that I opted for this course.
Content was easy to understand and some of the core concepts have, in my case, found immediate professional application. This course is truly opening my mind to digital marketting, without making it overwhelming. Thank you.
Being Able to gain knowledge  of Digital Marketing is Something very Great I'm Happy to be able to Complete the part one of the Course now looking forward to complete Digital Marketing specialization completely.Thank you !
I have attended 4 digital marketing programs in the last 2 years but here I have learned a lot of new techniques and co-creation. Really useful and implementable. Faculty is awesome and utilized great examples for learning
Excellent course! It provides you knowledge about how digital tools are changing the way we see marketing. I learned lots of new things. Great course if you want to learn about how marketing is changing in the digital age.
This is first course that I completed all the way through, and that too in just about 2 weeks. Very interesting, very well delivered. Take a bow, Sir Rindfleisch for making it feel like a friendly conversation throughout.
Awesome! More enlightenment to what is going on in the digital market. I really enjoyed the course and participated in all the exercises. Discovered a lot of brilliant ideas of what is going on in the world of technology.
I really liked it, it was relevant and up-to-date (2020)The production quality is top-notch, the professor is wonderful, and I truly appreciate the PDF transcripts of the whole course! I cannot thank you enough for them!
It was great gaining so much detailed knowledge about marketing in a digital world.Professor Aric Rindfleisch is an awesome instructor who gave a clear picture of every detailed topic in each an every part of the course.
Gives a nice overview on the effects of the digital medium to the 4Ps of marketing. Each topic covered in the 4 weeks was interesting and the cases to work on gave me an insight to where the markets are probably heading.
Firstly, i would like to thank our lively instructor. Never felt bored or distracted. I was so captivated in this course that I have finished this within a week! Learned marketing mix for the Digital World. Thanks a lot.
I like this course because it has diferent activities.  Its not about answering treaky questions but true learning and working around new interesting concepts.  The must complete style. By far the best Coursera Ive took.
This course was so helpful for me because I am  BBA student. This course helped me a lot in developing basic knowledge in digital marketing.  I really enjoyed this class. I learned a lot and I really loved the approach.
Excellent content and range of subjects covered. Very useful to better
understand the marketing strategies to better target the Z and Y generation
based on academic researches and practical examples and recommendations.
good refresher -- my last marketing courses were 8 years ago. Good refresher before taking additional courses. (should note -- Marketing is not my main role at work ... took course to broaden my general business skills)
I have some experience with digital marketing and familiar with almost everything from this course, but now my knowledge more structured and filled with some basic terms and understanding how people learning marketing.
I have done completed the course of Marketing in a digital world. I have done each and every honors assignment for this particular course. But on the certificate the honors tag is not coming. How can I solve this issue
This course encourages me to integrate more into digitalisation in my daily life. Also, this course allows me to have skills in digital marketing useful in professional life. I thank you for giving me this opportunity.
Great case studies and explanations provided to understand the 4P of the Marketing Mix in a Digital world. Inspiring to dwell into digital marketing. Fantastic job by Dr. Aric Rindfleisch and his team! Congratulations.
This course was very useful. The methodology was so great for me, because there was a perfect mix between readings, videos and assignment, this allows you put in practice the content and your understanding was better.
I really liked this course. The teacher is very competent but also very kind. He explained the concepts of digital marketing in a simple way. In addition, the theory studied applies to really interesting case studies.
A very useful course for learning digital marketing. Very impressive lecture, challenging assignments which make you learn more since you need to experience by doing it for answering the assignments. A must-do course!
this course is amazing and help us understand the marketing strategies especially the 4ps and this course helps us improve our fundamentals in marketing hence this course is good if you pursue your career in marketing
This is one of the best courses. Aric's way of teaching and getting into the insights is awesome. This is one of those courses where you get in-depth knowledge of the topic.  So I highly recommend to join this course.
Thank you Aric for your lectures on Digital Marketing, for me it was a journey to the past since I graduated in analog marketing in the 90´s and loved to discover all the new tools available for us in this proffesion.
This course included a ton of useful information, even for non-marketing business professionals who work with marketers. I also began to understand the waterfall release cycle my company uses more through this course.
After being away from school for several years, I thought it was going to be a difficult process for me, yes I faced some challenges but overall it was a good course and I passed!!!! That I am totally excited about!
An outstanding course. Well structured with great levels of support for learners from mentors. Lectures were interesting and the professor seemed like a very nice guy. Supplementary reading materials were excellent.
The course was excellent ! I recommend for students or people how have their own business to take this course just generally understand about what is going on 21 century business world specially in marketing sector!
It was very helpful to learn how digital digital tools help in marketing products or services.The real world case studies included in this course was very exciting and worth fully.I really motivated by this course.
This is one of the most comprehensive courses made especially for a MOOC platform. It reinforces what you have learnt through Peer Graded assignments. The content is tailored to current standards and is up to date.
I think content is well-detailed, full of examples, up-to-date and easy to follow. However, discussion forums are not used in proper way. I would like to talk with peers about course content, not assignment review.
Good intro course, even though it would be nice to have more recommended readings from academic journals or textbooks with richer data and case studies that are up to date with recent trends (within LTM timeframe).
Being a graduated student from LSE I have see many exercises. I did not expected such an excellent course. I think it is one of the best courses in coursera. I am looking forward to continue for the specialization.
This course taught about more of practical example than a theory study. Also all the examples he quoted is very high class. The assignment and peer evaluation are designed in the manner such a way very impressive.
What was really impressive about the course is the instructor Aric Rindfleisch. The way Aric teaches is great and makes the concepts really clear.Doing Assignments are always a bonus to get more clarity of subject
This is a great first class for developing your basic understanding of digital marketing.  The course was very interactive, the professor was engaging, and I learned a lot from this course.  I highly recommend it.
Excellent course. I learn alot of new things & ways to use it back in real life. Thank you so much for given me the opportunity to learn with a great Professor Aric Rindfleisch. Thank you sir for your knowledge.
Though the instructions were filmed several years back, the topics and discussions remain very relevant. The instructor is easy to listen to and follow, and provides effective follow up questions to the lessons.
I loved this course, I think it would be very helpful for me in terms to understand more the marketing world and the tendencies since I am not a marketing student. Also, I liked the professor's way of teaching.
This is an excellent course interestingly designed by Prof.Eric. With nice choice of cases in every module the course provides a hands on experience in applying the concept learnt. Thanks Prof for the insights.
Very interesting course and and fun filled lectures by Prof. Aric Rindfleisch. Introduction to digital tools like Customer Co-creation, Sharing economy, Freemium and 3D Printing, etc are very insightful.Thanks.
Professor Aric is very good at citing up-to-date examples during teaching. It refreshed me with some new ideas about marketing in the specialisation of digital marketing. And his teaching is not boring as well.
I'm already in week 4 and I've loved this course so far, it teaches the concepts of the 4 P's explained throughly and with great examples, tackling new approaches and challenges to Marketing in a Digital World.
Greate course with very interesting case studies!  Many thanks to professor Aric! The only wish is to adapt the course to a new platform so that it would be possible to verify your identity via  mobile devices.
it was wonderful and knowledgeable session sir.i have learnt many new concepts from you.i would like to be part of your new course as well.The way of your teaching is fabulous.you are amazing.Thankyou!!Regards
Great instructor and good topics covered that is very much essential for a marketing student to learn what is the changes are happening this days in marketing arena. This course is full with real life example.
I am really enjoying this course, the teacher speaks clearly and the selected readings are highly supportive of the topic. It is easy to follow and very informative. I am very happy to have chosen this course!
The best part about this is its flexibility. I have learnt a lot from this course and this will surely boost up my knowledge and confidence level, which will surely help me in competing in the corporate world.
It is really good start to understand what digital marketing is. Examples and practical activities are really delighting and helpful to understand how new marketing world is and what it would be in the future.
An effective course in the digital era by the great teacher Aric Rindfleish. It helps me to gain more insight about my interesting subjetc marketing. I really enjoyed the course and have learnt so new things.
If you would like to learn the basics of the marketing mix (4P's of marketing), this is a perfect course in the Coursera catalog.  The case studies are so helpful to clear your concept for a basic foundation.
To be honest, this is the perfect way to learn digital marketing course through online. There are many new things I got and learnt from this course. I would like highly recommended this course to my colleges.
This course is very applicable! I have been working in Digital Marketing for almost 10 years, but I still find this course very informative and interesting! Many thanks to the Course Team! Regards/Michael Lam
I enjoyed the whole experience throughout the course. I would recommend anyone interested in this career line to sign up for the course, very easy to follow, gives great exposure and information for learners.
Absolutely loving this course so far! I It's great that we can get valuable insights from other professors in the university as well regarding the applications of the latest technology in the marketing world.
Amazing Course. It helps build basic concepts about marketing. Looking forward to completing all the courses in this specialization and apply all these skills in whatever ways possible to boost up my career!
You can really learn heaps about Digital Marketing from here! This course was an eye opener for me. Amazed to realize the world is so much technologically advanced and moving towards a much advanced economy.
I am glad I decided to go ahead with this course. I believe the concepts taught here will really come in handy. The ease and pace of the learning is just amazing. Great job by the team putting this together!
The course is very exciting and has a good professor. He explained a lot of contents in detail and full of good and updated example. I had learn a lot from this course. Thank you professor and Coursera.org.
This course helped me face the difficulties i had on selling my products and providing services. Its a combination of all good recipes anyone would need to fully engage in this new era of Digital Marketing.
A perfect course to get complete insights on how the digital world has changed the Products, their Placement, pricing, and promoting strategies. Really enjoyed the course apart from the pace of Professor :P
i had fun opting this course and learned a lot of new things into the field and outside the field as well, even though it was virtual, the tutor provided well exposure to the outside issues and information.
It was really interesting course for me. I am not a student of marketing background. But the course was not problematic at all. The course helped me a lot to understand any analyze the new era of marketing.
The course was smooth and clear. It gives you an overview of how technologies are changing the marketing world. Well done. I'd highly suggest this course to all those who want to work as digital marketers!
The very first reason to opt for this course is that it gives you knowledge which you can directly apply to your running business and the assignments are really enough to open one's mind in business world.
It was a really great journey! Learnt a lot from Mr. Rindfleisc. Thank You so much for making the course so much interesting and super easy! Course materials are really good and to the point! Thanks again!
The course was great. Great Reading Material, Greater Assignments. All in all would recommend if one is looking to know the added advantage of marketing in the digital world. The course is very stimulating
Great course! It has been a great joy to being in here. I learnt very good tools in this world of Digital Marketing. Professor Aric is very accurate in his comments and his scope of this course. Thank you,
THIS COURSE IS VERY AWESOME AND I HAD  LEARNED A LOT AND DISCOVERED DIFFIRENT THINGS, LIKE TESLA, 3D PRINTING AND MANY MORE. ALL VIDEOS ARE VERY CLEARED. I WILL MISS THIS COURSE AND ALSO I REALLY LOVE IT!
The facilitator,Aric and his team have been able to put together a very solid body of work that will aid individuals and companies who are into product marketing and help them move to the next level.kudos
The course lets me learn more about Marketing in 4Ps, Product, Promotion, Placement and Price. what's more, the cases studies in the courses are helpful to gain better understanding of digital marketing.
Very in-depth and informative course about the Marketing in the digital world. The case studies helped to learn more about the real situation. Clear and crisp communication by the professor. Thanks much.
I enjoyed this course a lot. The lecturer was very detailed and precise with a lot of good instances that helps to learn quick. I love it and I'm honoured to be privileged to learn under Professor Aric.
I really liked the way sir Aric explained different concepts throughout the entire course. I just want to think him and surely i would be taking with me a much greater knowledge about Digital Marketing.
Very good course with good theory enriched with many examplesNice and lively videos with students and professors at the University, good hands on cases.Well done. special compliments to Aric Rindfleisch
Exciting, insightful and I really enjoed it. Amazing assignment from which I learned a lot and I loved the structure, feeling and professor. To the point and very useful!!! So happy that I've done that!
I enjoyed this from the start till the end. Really loved the extremely informative case studies and how fun is was to learn this course. gave me a good grasp of how marketing works in the digital world
I would give it 4.5. Just because of one or two irrelevant questions in case studies like how many lives do you get when you watch a video in freemium study. Otherwise it was perfectly designed course.
in depth knowledge about digital marketing and all its dimensions , digital tools, how firms can improve their marketing , new method , how  to blend new technology in traditional marketing practices.
Firstly this was my first experience of learning and it was a great experience of mine I found the format thoroughly enjoyable. the case study system is great and the peer reviews.  Thank you for this
This course was so helpful for me because I am  marketing student and I don't have prior knowledge of digital marketing, this course helped me a lot in developing basic knowledge in digital marketing.
Fabulous course with a great teacher! I've loved this first step of the specialization  and I want to thank Professor Aric Rindfleish for his compelling and inspiring lessons. I recommend it strongly.
Thank-You professor, I expanded my knowledge on how 4Ps are influenced/ changed by technology. In fact, i have already used these examples in my class. Very useful. Once again thanks a lot professor.
It is one of the best learning course that I have enrolled so for. Sir explained everything in such a manner that I was able to connect with the market itself. That's the real beauty of this course.
The course is wonderful. I learned so many things that I was unaware of. It is different from digital marketing courses on other platforms. I am sure it will help in improving my freelancing career.
I really like this course on marketing in digital world and I learn many new things in this course how to marketing our new product if we started our new business. Thanks for this beautiful course.
Nice and good Experience of work in an organisation and company and I have hard work it for and all assignment I have done good and brilliant and I learned a new skill of presentation.Thank u a lot
Great! This first course is an awesome introduction to the digital marketing world. It will change your mind and will open your eyes to show what it's already happenning and you didn't realize yet.
I would definitely recommend this course. It's gives detailed insight how the 4 Ps of marketing mix are increasingly becoming digital & how the balance of power is shifting from firms to consumers
Great course, and the well chosen case examples like Threadless, Thingiverse and Local Motors brought alive and reinforced understanding of concepts like crowdsourcing, 3D printing and co-creation
This course full of great ideas and stories about how the digital world is changing marketing landscape and also provide you with recommendation about how to adapt to and influence these changes.
The control over the marketing mix has been shifting from the companies to the consumers, thanks to today's digital tools. If you have a mobile phone and access to the internet, take this course.
Very interesting and exciting course material, lectures and assignment. Thank you Aric and the team for this wonderful experience of learning lots of interesting insights about digital marketing.
The professor was very nice, and fun to listen to. The content of the course was helpful, and totally understandable for a beginner or a student with little knowledge in marketing and economics.
The professor is one of the best I've ever seen. I love the approach he takes in this course and I absolutely have fun in this course. From the videos, assignments, case study. Everything is fun
It was a very interesting and a practical course. I was very excited about the course from the start. Gained good knowledge! I'm satisfied about the course, as an online course it did a goodjob!
Nice course, I enjoyed learning about how digital is making changes to the traditional marketing landscape, the new trends that are coming and some innovative companies that are leading the way.
This is a phenomenal course. The professor is easy to understand, and the various business cases are on point, which really helps me comprehend the key concepts of the course. High recommended!
Would highly recommend to those who want to learn basics about digital marketing. Assignments provide you a good understanding of all the concepts and course is design in very effective manner.
Perfect course. I did not even expect I will enjoy so much. Especially, if you got your Marketing knowledge based on old school, this course is the best way to refresh it  and go further.  Thx.
I have really enjoyed working in this course. Great thanks to Illinois University and a separate gratitude to Professor Aric Rindfleisch for his engaging, sometimes even entertaining teaching.
really thank you so much for this course you are a great professor you give me a new site to a digital world and I hope to continue this specialization thank you so muchbest regard, Ahmed Gabr
Really useful and practical information for those who want to be a professional in the world of marketing. Awesome course! I recommend to anyone who wants to gain knowledge from professionals.
Excellent course.  The exercises are practical and illustrates very well the concepts being taught.  I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to stay relevant in their marketing jobs.
The course helped me to learn a lot about how digital tools are impacting today's market and apart from these i have learnt a lot of new terms from this course which i don't even have a idea.
That was great learning. Thanks a lot, Aric. Your way of teaching and presentation is out of the world. I will suggest this course to all who are willing to take the key concepts of marketing
It was an amazing course overall as well as Professor Aric Rindfleisch design of coursework was very innovative. It taught us marketing and its gradual transformation into the digital world.
This course made me realize that digital marketing is very broad, in addition to knowing concepts that i had never heard before, it was very interesting to learn new thinks about marketing.
The teacher is awesome. I have become his big after listening to his lectures as his way of explaining is really cool. Thank You, Coursera for providing such courses on the online platform.
Excelent course.There is a lot you will learn here, so many unexpected things. What I like the most is that the examples are took from real experiences.Also everything is clearly explained.
Great course, Aric. Keep it up. I really enjoyed your style, and reviewed many lectures more than one time. Thank you for your travels, too. It's good to see you engaged with your students.
Really GREAT !!Many examples rooted in reality, some academics too... Very smart & compelling. It simply updates me about digital stakes and helps me anticipate future trends/opportunities.
This course has really been helpful , very educative , informative. I would 100% recommend anyone to take a course in Marketing in a digital world.You will absolutely enjoy the experience.
i am really thankful for the opportunity to enroll in this class,the the lecturer is a good guy,the knowledge are quite easy to understand,and overall, its a very very worth it experience.
I learnt new digital tool for marketing  also got broad view on 4P's. Practical recommendation are very useful. I feel great to join this course and completed with good knowledge.Thank you
I loved it so much! This course helped me to gain a lot of knowledge about how brands work and interact in digital world. And I’m sure this information I would’ve never find anywhere else.
It was a very informative course, I learned some new concepts about marketing which I haven't studied before. I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to be a digital marketer.
I would suggest that the ones who are more interested in surfing online and are planing to make there career in the marketing field should try this course, it is  helpful and interesting.
I loved this course. It was very informative, and I learned a lot of new things. Professor Aric was articulate and kept the course interesting. I would love to continue with more courses.
It was a very interactive and interesting course, I have much more information about Digital Marketing techniques that I can put in practice and Eric was a great teacher and communicator.
A thorough course which explained every bits and pieces of marketing mix. Even though I studied this during my MBA program but still it brushed up my knowledge. Thank you to my Teachers.
Great course, don't miss it !!! Covers very interesting topics in a refreshing way, the use cases are on spot and Professor Aric Rindfleisch does a great job in keeping students engaged.
This course is must have. You will love it! Study material is up-to-date and selection of brands and case studies are appealing for every marketer. Thanks a lot for interesting studying.
I like the structure of the course which includes not only the basic concepts, but also practice parts  and academic insights. Learner can understand all of key points easily and deeply.
I really enjoyed Aric's course. Much of my bachelors and masters work omitted content on the effects digital tools have on marketing functions. So, this course was full of great insight.
It is great the way the lectures and videos explain digital marketing topics and how you as a student get caught and want to go further! Thank you very much for making this easy and fun
I love the professor and his way of teaching .I also get to know about some tools that i didn't know. Its always fun to know something through this kind of platform. Thanks to coursera.
This is an excellent indroduction course. I gained a lot of knowledge. Also, I really liked the design and that there was latest studies (2020). Thank you, Dr. Rindfleisch and others :)
I really enjoyed this course.  It was quick and through but not so overwhelming that a new person to marketing couldn't understand it. Kept my attention and encouraged me to keep going.
Great intro to Digital Marketing. I love this interactive course that provides great insights in small bite-sized capsules. This course helped launch me into the digital marketing world
Interesting content on digital trends. This course encourages you to think critically about how digital trends are changing the marketing landscape. Excellent delivery by the professor!
The course provides a good foundation for Marketing in the Digital World. The lessons are structured in a manner that they are easy for beginners to understand. This is a great course.
Even after submitting my name for verification many times. But I am facing the same difficulties in verification. I have completed the course long back , I need to have my certificate.
It was one of the best online courses I ever completed. I understood the complete things that were taught. The teaching style was great and the course is highly interesting. Thank you.
Awesome foundations class! It definitely raises awareness of what the current trends are in digital marketing and sets the groundwork for how to think like a marketing data analyst. :)
Providing my user generated content for a great, easy to digest course. The real world examples were very interesting and gave me great insights to new digital tools and technologies.
Very happy that I took this course and it was worth studying. Now, through this course I know many aspects of Digital tools and how I can use it later in future for marketing purpose.
Great Course!! I could learn a lot of new things about the digital world and update myself. This course is an excellent intro for the next courses in Digital Marketing Specialization.
Excellent course on introduction to digital marketing , it consists of reading materials, assignments,case studies, exercises, mcqs , this combination enhances the learning experience
This course is an excellent one for beginners, various digital marketing related concepts were explained in a simple manner, the exercises were very interesting and thought provoking.
I loved this course but my only problem was regarding this course the video getting old, those videos were filmed in 2014 and we are in 2016 a lot of things has merged and discovered.
I have learnt lots new innovative things about digital marketing from this course . I loved this course as I feel very easy and comfortable to learn. It will be beneficial in future.
It
was totally worth the time and effort. Undoubtedly one of the greatest online
marketing courses so far! Both the content and the methodology were meticulously
selected. Thank you.
This is an amazing course! I was able to learn about different concepts and use them through case studies with brands and experiences that are changing the way we do marketing today.
The content that was taught was very relevant to the current Marketing scenario. A lot of things that generally go unnoticed were well described in order to make the subject clearer.
it was wonderful experience for me . i have learn more from this course like co creation 3d print and other strategies fro marketing. i would like to do another course from coursera.
This course has helped me understand the basics of Marketing in the era of internet. My favourite part is the case studies which add a whole new perspective to your marketing acumen.
Materials provided are sufficient to grasp the content taught in class. Would be good if there are resources in PDF ready for download rather than in paid reading sources (ie, HBR).
I enjoyed this course , Material was Great and up to date , assignments requires a good deal of effort and comprehension of the curriculum provided ,every part of it was interesting
Excellent course. I have never done a online course before, and this course has open my mind to how fabulous it can be! Thanks University of Illinois and Professor Aric Rindfleisch!
I enjoyed taking Marketing in a Digital World course. The information provided is interesting, video discussions are dynamic and up to date, the media material is of a high quality.
This course really help me a lot to understand how the market place is worked online as well as offline.All thanks goes to the great instructor of this course Aric Rindfleisch sir.
Superb course that can be undertaken even by those who are not aware of even the basics in digital world, like me! Try this without a second thought. Thanks Illinois University! :)
I've never seen a professor so organized as Prof. Aric Rindfleisch! He made the course very interesting by citing amazing real-life examples! I am very grateful to you Professor :)
It is a best course and was so easy to understand I love this course.I got so much knowledge and informations from this course and i like the mode of teaching and the assignments.
Very good & deep topic, supplemented by actual case study so as student we can feel it not just theory. How lecturer bring the topic is also very practical. Recommend this course.
It was very easy to understand different business model implemented by different companies in a digital world as all the modules were very well explained along with a case study.
Amazing! I have attended several marketing courses online but I have never seen something so engaging and filled with apt examples! Looking forward to more courses from you Aric!
The course was great, explained in a very simple manner, yet the topics were expertly picked and the case studies relevant. You can tell that this course gets updated every year.
I think this course is really great. The basic insights i got about marketing in general and digital marketing in particular is just amazing. Can't wait to start next course!!!!!
The material for this course was very interesting and insightful; real case studies helped better understand the application in the real world of the concepts explained in class.
Thank you very much mentors, the course was uniquely very interesting. I acquired new skills. Most importantly, I learned aspects of marketing that were previously unknown to me.
It gave me great insights and knowledge about digital marketing concepts. I strongly recommend this course to anyone who wants to enhance their knowledge about digital marketing.
Very interactive and concepts explained with a holistic touch to it . The quizzes checks your effort you put in understanding the lessons, making it a very intuitive course plan.
Having to finish the course first before having the option to upgrade to a Certification made me admire this course offering so much. May all the other courses follow this model.
Very Good Course with covering almost all the basics required for the further knowledge.Also the references to the research papers and various articles are good and resourceful.
Great course for an absolute beginner. I would definitely recommend this to anyone willing to learn about business in the digital world, every week I am able to learn new stuff.
I really liked the course. It centainly includes interesting content that some times is not in the radar such us 3d printers and crowdsourcing as a way of creating new products.
A great start for Digital Marketing Course with interesting topics. This course gave me enthusiast to take the following courses with great interest!!! Well structured course...
Excellent course, very insightful about the future of marketing landscape will be in a digital world. Thank you for this great course that is smartly articulated and structured.
Thanks a lot Prof. Aric Rindfleisch and the team behind the course. Thanks for addressing the fundamentals of Marketing in the digital world. It was a great learning experience.
actually this is a very new field for me. this is the first time I learned about marketing. So I learnt a lot of new thing. this is a best course I highly recommend. Thank you.
This is a wonderful course. It was very useful and I learnt a lot. The most amazing part of the course were the case studies which were wonderfully linked with the curriculum .
As a digital marketer, the course opened my eyes to the multi-faceted nature of Digital marketing. I saw how broad the industry is and it gave me a good footing to learn more.
It only remains to express my gratitude for this opportunity to update your knowledge of marketing in a pedagogical and professional manner on your part.
Thank you very much.
You can know in detail about how digital tools change 4 Ps which is an tool in Marketing. Solving assignments, case studies and examples provided in each video is very  cool.
This was a wonderful experience. I did an online course on the same subject from another platform, this is definitely the better one.i would recommend my friends this course.
AWESOME!!This course will help you in learning a lot of new things.All thing are explained in a very proper  manner. Enroll in this course to learn best of digital marketting
I enjoyed studying the whole course . Keep complied covering academic insights and case studies. Professor's teaching methodology was excellent . Would recommend the course.
I dedicate this cousera community how they give  opportunity in Nigeria to study this capital   and important course. I thanks them all,   for consideration they give to me.
Aric was awesome. I gained so many valuable insights into these topics. The lectures were short and really informative. Thanks a lot to the Illinois University and Coursera.
Thank you for everything! The lecturer was speaking clearly and quite funny. Also by interviewing with students and with the experts, it was really good for me to understand
Excellent Course. Every single video of Prof. Aric Rindfleisc was enjoyable and very insightful. I'd definitely recommend other marketing proffessional to take this course.
Excellent course.  I have an MBA, but this was a nice refresher on the 4 Ps with an emphasis on how they have changed with the rise of digital tools.  Aric did a great job.
It's full amazing and I like the cases they uses and how made you understand digital approaches with great examples helping you to involve in nowadays of digital marketing
Great Course! This is my first course in Coursera and I found value in this course. Now I am going to Complete the other Courses of Digital Marketing. Thank you, Coursera.
The course is very good strutured and always getting adapted to the latest topics. I loved the practical examples which made it very lively. Thank a lot Prof. Rindfleisch!
I really like the way the entire module was designed,  the way it was presented. Real-life examples were apt and very well explained,  I have become a fan of the professor
Very good course. I highly recommend this course who want to enhance the digital marketing knowledge, Its really interesting the way of teaching and case studies.Thank you
lots of updating course materials, and the teacher and his assistant are friendly. Peer-review makes me learn widely through other's response for additional knowledge !!!
There were some technical issues and I haven't taken any other Coursera courses to compare to, but overall I had a wonderful experience. Would definitely recommend Course
Very interesting. And really like all readings are exercises!!Only think is that some examples are more that 5 years old and in the last 5 years a lot of things changed.
It was really helpful and full of important new knowledge. I am really grateful that I took this class. I recommend it to anyone that is interested in digital marketing.
Brilliant course to understand the concept of Marketing in a Digital World! Professor Aric is just amazing in his lessons! Recommend the course to people of all ages! :)
Amazing course. It helped me crack an internship for Digital Marketing right when I was through with Week 3. And guess what the company profile was? Digital Marketing :)
Thank You Coursera for showing me the way.This course is helping me to enhance my interest..........Hats off to the professor , peers and all those who make this happen.
I didn't knew anything about marketing when I started the course. I liked the lecture's content and all the activities. This is my first online course that I've finished
Amazing course. If interested in marketing I would suggest to take this course. Material is really good and explanation with examples from Professor Aric is really good.
I really loved the course and the way of teaching. I came to know a lot about how different types of marketing strategies can be employed to increase sales and revenues.
A very enriching course with excellent insights and perspectives to Digital Marketing and how the rise of technology has changed the face of both Marketing and Business.
i had a wonderful experience studying this course the instructor and course content is excellent, case studies are really helpful in understanding the core the concepts
Great course to learn an introduction to digital marketing. The recourses of the University of Illinois are very helpful and Aric Rindfleisch is an excellent professor.
The content is amazing and the professor explained each and every part efficiently.If professor will also rate our assignments and give feedback, then it would be nice.
The Best course that I have took in coursera until now. I completed it in one week, it had been a very enriching and amazing journey for me. THANK YOU for your efforts.
This course is so great and practical. I was thinking to take This course in university, but now I have changed my mind. Looking forward to complete the specialization.
Great course for beginners in marketing, videos are quite interactive and fun to watch. Overall a very engaging learning experience, would recommend this course highly
Great marketing insights and a very clear style of video mentorship. Thank you, Coursera, for the possibility to become a remote student of the University of Illinois!
Very engaging with very interesting content. I am very satisfied with the course and am eyeing other marketing courses in Coursera! Totally enjoy learning this course.
Great course, I learned a lot new things, information, brands, and enriched my vocabulary! Great instructor, very fun and interesting course. I am ready to learn more.
The Course help me to learn new technique of Placement Product and Pricing.And  also about Freemium ,in which product sold for a short period or for charity  purpose.
The content taught is informative. Professor Aric is really good at communicating concepts because of which I was able to understand concepts really well and quickly.
It is absolutely useful for people who is very new to digital marketing world. I got to learn so many new terms and strategy. Instructor explains it in so simple way.
The course is designed in a way so that you can start from the basics and gradually take a deeper dive. I myself liked the course very much and enjoyed completing it.
Just now finished the course. At least I have been able to identify the mistakes I am committing in my startup business. To Professor, Thanks for sharing your wisdom.
Excellent Lesson. For a marketing professional not living in the USA, I've learned a lot that I could apply my learnings to some of the work I am doing in my country.
Great content! In this course you will find a lot of examples from the real business world combined with the professional knowledge that you will surely acquire here.
Thank you for this very well prepared courses and excellent examples for the various studies and papers we had to build. Great courses, great content, great learning!
Very impressive course.. changed my whole perspective about  the digit world and introduced me how digital marketing is penetrating the traditional marketing methods.
the course was very informative.i got to lean a lot from this course. i hope to learn more.thank you.i wish to make use of what ever i learned here in my future job.
I didn't expect that It will be so interesting, the whole study was like an entertainment, thanks to professor, even Im non native speaker everything was very clear.
If you wonder how to market your product in a digital world, pricing strategy and tools, distribution in a digital and product promotion, this is the course for you.
A really great course very interesting. I discovered a lot of thing about Digital Marketing. Exercises are quite funny so it is a pleasure to progress in the course.
This course has taught me alot about marketing in the digital world and the simplicity in which the tutor explains is top notch Thanks coursera for this opportunity
This course is very practical. By showing different strategies this course provides you with the terminology and skills, which are required for the good advertiser.
Great course! Peer review portion needs more work and internal controls for improvement on Coursera's part. Otherwise this was a good online educational experience.
It's a great course for biginners like me who are completely new to digital marketing and want to make a career out of it. Thank you I really enjoyed the learning.
seriously a good course, i'm not an economic student, i'm from engineering base, and i love this course very much , i have learnt a lot of new thing in this course
It's an excellent course! Well drafted and explained. Professor Aric is amazing at teaching even the complex of concepts. Thoroughly enjoyed taking up this course.
Subtle and effective approach of teaching, I would say. The case studies were a great way of applying what was taught through the video lectures. Great experience.
Interesting! Professor opened the door that most marketing departments ignore or just mention from far away - 4 digital Ps. Loved all the examples and assignments.
I really enjoyed enrolling through Coursera, I have access a lot of information that I was not aware of. A big thank to the university of Illinois and the lecture
it was a very good course , now i get to know in detail what marketing in digital world is . thank you professor Aric for making the topics easier to understand .
It was very informative. Gained a lot of new perspectives of the changing trends in the marketing world with respect to the 4 Ps in the modern digital revolution.
Excellent class. I enjoyed each class. Each class has interactive quiz, research insights, supportive readings, poll questions. I got to learn a lot. Thanks Aric!
This course helped me a lot to know about the basics of digital marketing. Case studies helped me a lot to acquire knowledge and information about various firms.
Outstanding topics, explanations were detailed, ive broaden my experience immensely, a very high experienced instructor with excellent tutoring manners!Thank you
It gave me a comprehensive view of digital marketing.  Despite my extensive marketing experience, I learnt a lot of the new age marketing.  I recommend it fully.
Learnt quite a lot of innovative concepts. And more importantly, got to understand the culture at Univ. of Illinois, as well as met so many wonderful Professors!
Great material, explanation and insights about evolution of marketing in a digital ecosystem. Assignments and case studies were good as well. Highly recommended.
Excellent course. Well constructed, well presented, and well received. Thank you for the experience. I'm looking forward to continuing on with the certification.
This is the best online course I've ever taken, although there weren't many of them. Thank you to the lecturer and the University of Illinois for the work done.
ITS VERY USEFUL AND I KNOW ALL THE CLEAR CUT INFORMATION ON THE COURSE WHICH I HAD DONE. AND VERY IMPORTANT ONE IS THE EXAMPLE WHICH THEY GIVE IS NICE AND GOOD.
It's a very good course with several case studies to help understand you better the 4 P's of marketing. Examples were quite recent and innovative. I enjoyed it.
The course was very solid actually. I was less interested in 3D printing. It may hold the future, but it is still too early for us in Turkey to go into details.
It was very amazing course which provide me with brilliant knowledge about digital marketing  knowledge and how the firms employ techniques of digital marketing
An Excellent Course explained with Great Examples and Academic Insights and Practical Real Life Examples of different firms using various Marketing Strategies.
It was an excellent journey with Coursea as well as the cousrse Marketing in Digital World. I have learnt a lot about it. Thanks for giving me the opportunity.
This class provide a very dept information about digital marketing that i haven't learned before. The material is short but complex and has a powerful impact..
Great course which taught me a great deal about Marketing today. Excellent concepts and explanations to enhance adult learning. Professor is very knowledgable.
I really enjoyed taking this course. Now I understand better how Marketing has changed through Digital Media and I'm going to continue with the Specialization.
Excellent teaching by professor aric and the course way very informative thanks coursera and gies school of business making these course available to students.
It was a great course. Aric was a very proactive teacher and he uses very fresh and relevant business cases to teach. Awesome teacher. Very recommended course.
The lectures are interesting and easy to understand. I strongly encourage those who wish to gain basic understandings of digital marketing to take this course!
The course was very helpful. It gave a good insight how the digital world changed marketing. The professor was too good, he explained everything very clearly.
Awesome and interesting course, however lack of students cooperation is unsatisfying. The only form of cooperation is to ask each other to review submissions.
Great learning experience with practical and updated examples from a superb faculty...hats off Aric!!!...look forward to more courses by you in near future...
It si a great course! It always kept me interested. Full of great information and examples. The practice activities are a great way to reinforce the concepts.
Excellent course, the videos were very useful to make the success of the course plus the quizzes ... Thanks for this great experience to update our knowledge!
this course really gave me the vast knowledge of the digital marketing and it really helped me that how the virtaul marketing and business online takes place
Liked the way the course was conducted with snippets of interviews with the professors who are doing detailed work on relevant subjects and the case studies.
This was a good course.  I really like the instructor.  I think he gives good examples and practical assignments to demonstrate the principles in the course.
Without any doubt, this is the best platform for learning Digital Marketing. Thank Your Coursera and thank you, my course coordinator, Mr. Aric Rindfleisch.
With my 15 years experience in sales and marketing I got a lot of practical ideas from this course. Thanks a lot to GIES and especially to Aric  Rindfleisch
This an excellent introductory course for non-MBAs like me. i enjoyed it! the resource person was wonderful. I thank him for making the course so enjoyable.
Very practical course with a lot of example to clarify contents. In my opinion, it could be better to add more technical information and papers to download.
Great!!! clear and direct. Easy to understand for non native English speaks. Really interesting and not too much data, just enough so you can understand it.
The lectures were so interesting and the short videos, immediate quizes after each section, real life case studies made the learning so fun and easy going.
Very great experience and a very helpful course regarding the current digitalized world and clear examples of how the Marketing effects in a digital world.
One of the best courses I have done in Coursera, gives insight into Digital World with new perspective and very practical insights with real life examples.
Great introduction to the digital  world and new technologies out there. It focuses on how to take advantage of these technologies in marketing strategies.
Marketing in a Digital World  is very important part of business. So i think this crourse will be helpful for me. I was learn many things from this crouse
It was an amazing experience overall. The concepts were explained very well supported by easy day to day examples. I had a good time writing case studies.
Wow , what a great course it was. It helped me understand more of a digital part of business. Now I can use this information in developing Russian market.
This is a great stuctured course wich the professor gives us tool to comprehend easyly the content given. It made a huge impact on my academical progress.
I have learned a lot in this course and the examples and course material are very high in standard. Much better than I expected before I join this course.
Awesome course that takes modern day digital marketing insights, best practices and real life scenarios into a good perspective for students to learn from
So so so so satisfied with the way coursera provides information in each and every way. I'm so greatful for having a course in marketing in digital world
I think this was an excellent course in teaching how to market digital products. Very relevant as more and more businesses expand into the digital sphere
This course is a must do if you want to have your basics right for Marketing in Digital World. The content and assessment are structured and informative.
I love the idea of co creation and the evolution of 3D printers. This coarse aggregate a lot to my formation as a marketing and advertising professional.
Excellent Instructions and Amazing teaching method. I enjoyed a lot here and i will prefer this course to anyone who want to learn new things. Thank you
It offers a fantastic course outline. I have learnt a lot. Highly recommended for those who want to learn some existing aspect of digital marketing mix.
Excellent course. Really enjoyed and learned from real-life cases about the 4Ps and the strategies that the firms follow with the help of digital tools.
Thank you a lot, Aric Rindfleisch and University of Illinois for being helpful to get improved my knowledge and enhanced my interest in marketing field!
Excellent blend of a case study based approach and theory. I am thankful to Professor Aric for giving a new perspective to Marketing in a Digital World.
Its a great course .Anyone who wants hand on experience on Marketing concepts should opt for this course. Great assignments and the faculty is awesome!!
Really enjoyed the course and learned a lot. Well structured, with in-depth content supported by great examples, I could easily understand the concepts.
I am new to this kind of Course. This is very Excellent, and I am happy to share with you. I hope this enhances my ability to new world in a better way.
extremely, awesome and meaningful course and very organised open creative content, I am looking forward to pursue sequential specialization courses. :)
Phenomenal and Insightful course! A juxtaposition of traditional marketing concepts with the digital one gives one a comprehensive learning experience,
This course helping understading more about Marketing  in a digital in industry 4.0.  I will learn more if I have time. Thanks for contact and sharing.
An excellent and interesting course that filled in gaps in my knowledge of marketing and introduced some really cool concepts. Aric is a great teacher.
Excellent intorduction to Digital Marketing. All the elements studied were more than interesting and essential.  Looking forward for the other courses!
Very nice and useful experience. Case study's that are interesting and assignments that makes you think about pros and cons of some business strategy.
It was an unexpected beginning but full of very productive understanding of the marketing and the case studies, i would recommend anyone this course!!
A well-structured course with a fine blend between theory and practice. I have already started applying the earning outcomes and I'm happy I enrolled
this course focuses on the base of the foundation and it is really helped me very much to understand the marketing concept along with digitalization.
This was such a great new experience! The course contains only up-to-date information. I suggest to everybody who is interested in digital marketing.
Great class. The topics are current and futuristic. It was easy to apply to my workplace. I really enjoyed the class and can't wait for the next one!
It was great experience studying Digital Marketing here as it added a lot to my knowledge and skills. It also enhanced my approach towards marketing.
I really enjoyed this course and learnt a lot of things. Course instructor had a great way of teaching. I am looking forward to continue this series
This course has taught me a lot of techniques in digital marketing.Thank you to all people behind this, especially to the professors in this course!
Mr. Aric has explained the topics so well that, even with an Accounting  background , i could understand them quite easily. You're awesome Mr. Aric.
This course was fun and was easy to understand for those who did not have business administration knowledge. Case studies were also very interesting
Very informative course. Great way to start your journey into world of digital marketing. Reference material gives deep understanding of the topics.
Absolutely wonderful course! It wasn't anything like I expected and that's what made it so intriguing and beneficial. Great for anyone in marketing!
its an excellent course and Prof was very interesting and his manner of delivery in world class indeed. a fantastic course for anyone and everyone .
Very interesting. I like the real world examples and the cases for the projects. The course is worth to spend time efforts and even money! Great Job
The more I think about it, the more I enjoyed it. plenty of real life case study which have been true eye-openers. Loved the part about 3D printing.
It was wonderful experience to learn digital marketing from prof. Aric Rindfleisch. He explained all the concepts very well and I had fun learning.
It was a great course. How the principles of marketing has changed in a digital world is the begining of a journey toward the new age of marketing.
I firmly believe that Digital marketing is a new field and I'm interested in it.also, I learned more and more about marketing in the digital world.
Great intro to digital marketing with interesting real-world cases and a mixture of videos, text to read, tasks. I liked it a lot and recommend it.
For me is amazing, I learn a lot of new concepts about all the Marketing mix. And I am really proud know to work with all this refreshing concepts.
Very interesting and easy to follow course. I enjoyed studying and want to thank those who worked on this course. It is very thorough and helpful.
Such a carefully curated interactive course! It gave me insights into the nitty-gritties of digital marketing. A course wouldn't be much better :)
marketing course helps me to understand 4 P which makes it interest with the help of case study looking forwarded to do another course with you <3
It was a pleasure learning the course. Such vivid daily life examples to completely understand the topic. The assignments are a joy to do as well.
I have learned a lot from this course. It was an amazing journey. I love the case studies. It was tedious, but it was very meaningful. Thank you!
I loved this courseLoved the knowledge I gained from here.The professor is amazing.The case studies and reviewing peers is a good skill to obtain
I learnt a whole lot from this course. It was packed with information and insight. I look forward to the remaining courses in the specialization.
This is a perfect course for students who want to introduce themselves to Digital Marketing. The readings and peer-assignments are very engaging.
greatly overwhelmed by the experience of learning through online classes especially teacher is very good and clearly explains things in details.
Super website /platform for providing opportunities to everyone whose can not afford courses fee the site give financial aid. Thank you coursera
I've learned a lot on the concept of digital marketing.  The course is very practical and can be applied in my line of work and future business.
I would recommend this course.  From the start Professor Aric makes it a bit more than course. It is bit easy but still, its an informative one.
Clearly structured and very informative. Assignments are fun, challenging and require the use of all marketing practices. I enjoyed this course.
Excellent option for those with no preview experience on marketing. Really enjoyed the content and found it very useful for my professional life
Very helpfull. It explains clearly how the digital world is chansing and the effects on marketing mix (product, promotion, placement and price).
This is my favorite course in Coursera so far . I would recommend this course to anyone who is willing to learn modern marketing fundamentals .
Best course I have done till date! It is so interesting, the way of teaching via real life examples even gains your knowledge about the things.
It was very useful to understand how the digital marketing impact on the 4p and use of the digital world to the advantage of existing business.
The course was well formatted with good number of examples and really helped me in learning how the marketing mix has changed with digitization
It's been wonderful course, i can able know wonderful concepts, teachings , modules ,academic reviews and professor teaching awesome. Thank you
Great course for beginners in the marketing field. Lectures very informative and well structured with video , transcript, and reading material.
I have never taken an online course let alone a marketing course.  I came into the course not knowing what to expect and I am happy I enrolled.
this course gave me basic knowledge from marketing and showed them on digital world. I like example and practice task that were in this course.
This Course full of information which i was not aware of ,really thanks to professor Rindfleisch  in addition, special thanks to Coursera Team.
Many of us are familiar with marketing mix of 4Ps in a conventional way. However, this course sheds new light onto 4Ps in today digital world.
A whole new insight into digital marketing and how marketing is changing due to the rising digital tools. Amazing lecture by Aric Rindfleisch.
This course is well-structured and I had learned a lot of things regarding the emerging trend of digital marketing in today's digital world...
Learnt a lot from this course. Our Course instructor Aric Rindfleisch was amazing. The content of the whole course was refreshing and amazing.
I Know  more about Digital Marketing and I Know about companies  it has many exercises and the instructor was Excellent Its Interesting course
very nice course from a professional professor with real life world example! I am glad to be able to attend this course. You guys should to !
Make you think wider. Very useful course. It totally changed my view to economy and marketing and made me deeply look at what is going around
Just a fantastic course overall, and I have gained so much insight regarding Marketing that could be applicable in so many aspects in my life
really enjoy this course with interesting and advanced academia insight. Great recommendation to all that interested about digital marketing.
I learned a lot and it was a very interesting and educational course, i cant wait to specialize. Thank you for giving me this chance coursera
It was a great experience and i'm very grateful for this opportunity. Learning process is very engaging and interactive.Thank you, Professor!
This course was an eye-opener for me; it introduced me to new concepts and thought processes, which are quite vital in this new digital age.
The content is good and easy to understand. It also helps you to think and it allows you to apply what you learning to real life businesses.
this cource was a very good cource as well as helpfull we learn about importance of digital marketing and why its important bin todays world
I have really learnt a life changing lesson and am presently planning on making something great that can change my life and earning for life
One of the most amazing MOOC out there. I have learnt so many things and find it very useful for my future plan. Thanks a lot for uploading.
Good , I have learnt many things in first course only and many more to complete . The Professor has got tremendous knowledge to this field .
Love the course and most of all that I can implement it right away at work.  This is exactly what I want, not just learning buy applying it.
This is a fantastic introduction to the digital marketing arena. Really excited to move forward with the rest of the specialization courses.
Quite interesting content and engaging educational approach! If you are a beginner in marketing and interested in it, I would recommend it!
Very helpful and very nice! This course is very different from the learning materials that were given during college, and I really love it!
This is an excellent course. I've learnt work that will definitely benefit me in the real world. The videos are well made and very precise.
Great content. Great Lecturer. I enjoyed the Tesla assignment the most & fascinated with the prospect of the 3D printer technology. Thanks.
Its a great Course that gives you the back bone of Digital Marketing. Dive into it and experience  your new adventure of Digital Marketing.
Its was one of the most amazing courses i have take ever ! all of the object include in this course was very interesting ! i really like it
It is really nice get an education from here . they have best faculty to teach and the best part is that they gave us an assignments daily.
Loved the course structure and case studies. The professor was amazing and he was so enthusiastic. Loved the content of the course as well.
Very insightful course. I loved how simple they made the material seem. I will definitely be completing the remainder of the specialization
Excellent course for beginners like me. Simple words usage and relevant examples at all step to guide us and understand the concepts better
Excellent Course! It's understandable even for beginners. The professor explains very well.I really learned a lot with this course!5 stars.
I'm happy to complete this course by ILLINOIS of Gies college of Business by Aric Rindfleish faculty.I learn't very new thing's Thank you.
The course was really good it helped me to learn a lot about the digital marketing tools that are being employed currently in the industry
this course give ample imformation about the digital marketing which play a vital role for the growth and development of the organisation.
The Best in Class course structure, brilliant delivery loaded with relevant example.The Presentation of complete module is so interesting.
A detailed and illustrative introduction to marketing in a digital world. It introduced me to a lot of new concepts that I was unaware of.
Excellent course,it has enhanced my understanding of digital marketing.Good presentation by Professor Aric Rindfleisch.Highly recommended.
Excellent course ! It introduced me to the world of digital marketing, which was entirely new to me. Thank you, Aric for the great effort.
Informative and interesting! This course did require some time and effort but I learned so many new concepts! It was definitely worth it!
This course was great! I think that it is a very important course and was an important way of improving my knowledge.Thank you very much.
Very insightful course! Loved the assignments, it made the course exciting and let me put the theory into practice right away! Thank you!
This course was anextraordinary way to accure knowledge.And for me all the sessions was useful and it accured me knowledge on new topics.
Coursera is really very much helpful. Thanks alot for providing financial aid which helps us to gain knowledge and reach our career goals
I loved the course, would recommend it to anyone who wants insights in regards to the latest developments in the digital marketing world.
The course was excellent and the update I had by getting in touch with new trends in the area helped me so much in my daily work routine.
Wow!  So much great information. Delivered with obvious passion for teaching.  Unexpected but valuable insights (3D Printing). Thank you!
This is a very well put together and engaging MOOC.  Highly recommended for anyone wanting to know a little more about digital marketing.
Excellent one. Motivated to take up the next one. Coursera has supported me to shift my career positively in the current time of crisis.
Very well demonstrated and easily brought across. I've gotten new insight on marketing and the impact of this digital world to business.
had a great experience...the teaching helped alot .Sir you did a really great job in teaching and making us understand about marketting.
I must say that I had learnt a couple of new terms and the way they have been used by the company in this digital technology era. Thanks
Great course! I learned a lot of new concepts. This is a great refresher for both experienced and also beginner Marketing professionals.
This course is great for all persons interested in a career in Marketing as it provides a deep insight of the new Paradigm in marketing.
A good course to understand the fundamental change which is happening in the field of Marketing and communications. A must for Beginners
Taking this course is all about fun. The professor tells about the cutting edge technologies in a digital world. I found it fascinating.
The instructor is one of the best for marketing courses. Makes the lectures highly interesting with numerous examples and case studies.
Thank you so much. By taking this course, I updated my knowledge about digital marketing and giving me ideas to perform better at work.
I was a nice experience, I learned so many new concepts from this course. Thanks to the Instructor and also the University of Illinois.
Enjoyed the content and received a lot of valuable insights. Easy to navigate the course and the time frame was flexible enough for me.
I think the professor has gone above and beyond in preparing for the course. Much more in depth than other courses I have taken online.
Very educational. I learned a number of concepts about the 4 P's I didn't know existed. Thank you to everyone involved with the course.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. It was a great re-fresh of marketing principles brought current with the  advance of digital influence.
This an excellent initiative and a life changing learning for people like me who want change in their lives through better learning and
Good course material overall with short engaging videos. The links of many articles suggested for reading are broken or extremely old.
I love the fact that I learn things beyond social media. Definitely.something that would be useful for me as a marketing professional.
Marketing in a Digital World course is very useful to me to learn more about digital marketing and strategies of fixing marketing mix.
the content is not that difficult for a beginner! the course provides large number of readings to help learners learn deeper! amazing!
Got excellent insight into the changes taking place with digitization of the world, more relevant in the globally changed environment.
The Course was very well structured and helped me in learning a lot about marketing mix and the implementation in digital environment.
Very good course,helped me know more about marketing and digital marketing in general.Can't wait to complete the whole specialization.
It was  quite the learning experience. No regrets in taking the course and as a first module was a great way to break into the course.
Great instruction and truly engaged students. I enjoyed this class very much and find I draw on it all the time in my work. Thank you!
I have gotten great insight into the digital world and a good start on my specialization. I enjoyed the instructor and his engagement!
Excellent course for each student as well as the person who wants to learn about how to do marketing in the new era of digital world.
This course is helpful in marketing field. With help this course we may understand the digital tool which is used in marketing field.
I found this course very innovative and helpful understanding the marketing concepts and learning  a practical way to implement them.
This course was very special to me. I learnt a lot of things.  This course gave me very new perspectives.  I really enjoyed it a lot.
really interesting course! This was my first course I took as part of the Digital marketing certificate and I learned so much so far.
Great course, the content is well structured and explained and always go with examples what helps you better understand  the lessons.
Excellent course with proper teaching. It helped me a lot to gain knowledge abt marketing. Thanks to professor for perfect teaching.
Instructor was great at explaining . The way he explained everything was literally good I have learned a lot about digital marketing
Very nice course. It gave me immense joy to write the compatibility and simple approach that has provided by this course. Thank you.
It was a great learning experience....... I am very thankful to coursera for this online course in this difficult times... Thank You
Brilliant course with great content. The methodology used by the professor is really useful for me as I am totally new to marketing.
i really enjoyed this course a lot and it helped me in understanding more about digital world specially in marketing field.thank you
It's an excellent Course with excellent instructor. It helps you to learn and know the marketing world with digital ideas and tools.
The instructor is really good at what he does. He has immense knowledge about the topic and is fully updated with the new technology
It was good learning. Professor Aric has surely got into details and has made sure the flow and format is convenient for the student
Very interesting and very detailed course! Thank you so mach! I really happy that I have opportunity to learn such important things!
I liked it a lot! Learned a few things I didn't know I could do in the digital world, I will definitely proceed w/ the other classes
Amazing Course , thanks to everyone helps to put this course together.i'm very motivated to move to the next course and learn more.
Such an amazing course which gives lots of vital information related to the digital world marketing. Personally, I recommend it !!!
A very good Course to Understand different strategies by companies to get and capture Market and how digital tools affect Marketing
This course gave me a lot of knowledge that  I can apply for my own business. It made me want to go to the USA.Thank you very much!
I learned many things in this course, such as being responsable, and most of all the new foundations of Marketing in Digital World
The course was very interesting. I really liked the study cases, assignments and the video lessons with Professor Aric Rindfleisch
It´s a great course; well explained, good quality readings, and nice excersises. Congratulations and thank you for the experience.
This was quiet an interesting course. I have learned a lot and most of the content will be very useful in my line of work. Thank y
A very good course supported with a very good instructor, Aric. Thank you Aric for your wonderful insights over the digital world.
love it , it's all you can hope for i highly recommend this course for those who wants quality education and a perfect environment
Really very help full course to update what is going in the realm of digital marketing, and very effective way of teaching. Thanks
Great course, good content and easy pace. Introduced me to great new ideas like 3d printing and looking forward to the next course
This course helped me a lot and i have learned new things which was very interesting too. Thank You for providing us such courses
It was very helpful and easy to learn, thanks to my course instructor, and thanks to Coursera for letting us have such privilege.
I really enjoyed doing this course because everything was taught practically which makes me understand the topic in a easier way.
A great introductory course, focusing on impact of digitization on all fundamental elements of marketing, and not just promotion.
The tutor was really good. The mode used to explain the concepts were enjoyable and informative. Kudos to the team. Thanks a lot.
This course really helped me to learn more about the topic called as digital maketing .thanks ILLINOIS for giving this knowledge.
great cours in which we can learn a lot about not just ditital marketing but also about the buisness and companies in the world .
This course is perfect and exceptional, but the lecturer's tone is a bit low, and unfortunately it is not brisk and businesslike.
Wonderful Course, learned a lot from it. very essential to working professionals as well as business persons in this digital age.
An Awesome experience of learning and as well mentoring this course. Its more than just videos! Thanks to the awesome Prof. Aric.
I am very much satisfied with the course. I love the fact that course has given us new insights about the basic P's of marketing
I inspired for this course.many things about digital world complete detailed activities can learn more. It is best for everyone.
This Course give a great and in depth insights to how marketing world is constantly changing and the examples used are very apt.
I really enjoyed all the new skills perspectives and insight I've acquired from this course! I hope to start another class soon!
Everything makes sense in hindsight when an outcome is visible, but I'll try my best to understand Marketing in a Digital World.
It was a great course which Professor Rindfleisch been able to explain everything in detail with great case studies to work on.
the professor is very interactive and the material of the course is really well designed keeping in mind the contemporary world
This course was a valuable deal for me. Aric is an amazing instructor and help me by sharing his knowledge through the lessons.
Very good first step get to know Marketing in today's world, I have learnt so many new ideas from this course, thanks so much!
Very useful course for those people interested in how traditional marketing is changing with the arrival of new digital tools.
Enroll this course to learn basics of Digital Marketing. This is really helpful to understand the basics of Digital Marketing.
It was a beautiful course. The presentation was outstanding and really looking forward for attending more courses in Coursera.
It is a well organised, well structured and well delivered course. Thoroughly enjoyed learning some new and evolving concepts.
Great learning experience! Good balance between theory and practical assignments. Aric is a fantastic and inspiring professor!
I learnt too many things about marketing such as 4ps ,dopple ganger image ,how to tackle it ,how to make different strategies.
Very insightful & much needed information. The professor showed a great approach towards mw learning new educational subjects.
Loved the teacher and the variety of activities and case studies that made the course feel engaging even though it was online.
SOLID course - far more demanding and education than any other course I have taken on Coursera to date - very, very well done!
Gives a lot of insight how internet is changing the marketing world, and might change the distribution channels in the future.
It was an interesting time during the course. Thanks a lot! I piked up a lot of information that I hadn't known about before.
This course has been very helpful for me to understand marketing strategies and evoked further interest in DIgital Marketing.
I never thought at almost 50 years old that I would go back to school, much less LOVE it. Thank you so much for this program!
Very difficult course when compared to other course But it is very useful course and interesting.as wellas knowledge able one
Great course, well structured. I loved it, I enjoyed doing the case of studies and learn a lot of new concepts that I didn't.
A great start into Digital Marketing. This course provided the right amount of learning material to digest on a weekly basis.
After my MBA this is first time I had enjoyed learning so much. It really upgraded the knowledge and skill by practicing it.
Very good course. Contemporary and all the reading materials are up-to-date. Excellent!!! I'd love to take your next course.
It was very effective. Thanks to the professor and the exercises. It really gave a sense of how things are done in real life
Thankful to Aric Rindfleisch for his teachings that enabled me have the best time taking this course. It has been impactful.
As an introduction to Digital Marketing, this was a great course. I highly recommend it for anyone interested in this field.
Very interactive and fun to study . A great and engaging instructor and the group of peers. An overall package for learning.
Cool course suitable for the contemporary world, not like university and text heavy courses and gives you a lot of new ideas
Practical, hands on, and very friendly. Lot of clever and practical advice. A MUST DO intro to the digital world challenges.
Great intro course and engaging instructor. I really valued the hands-on projects, real-world examples and campus spotlight.
It was made really interactive by taking life examples and thus it made it interesting for me.I'd like to thank all of you!
Very informative. Got the good knowledge about the market. My experience was amazing. Learnt a lot. Thanks to all professor
It was challenging, but motivating as we go higher up the ladder. Great organisation and full credit goes to our Professor.
The course was useful, practical, up to date and really will help me in applying the discussed concepts in my current role.
Very interesting lecture the teacher provided me. It's modernized knowledge I could get in a basic marketing 4P. Thank you.
It was a nice experience. This was also my first Course in Coursera and was fun. I'm looking forward to the specialization.
Interactive, full of good examples, videos and reading materials. Also allows participants to do very interesting exercises
It's a very good course for the beginners. It covers all aspects of Digital marketing, its concepts with lot more examples.
I thought the course was very useful.  It covered a broad spectrum of topics.  I found the case studies useful.  Nice job!!
Overall good course to learn about. Really enjoyed a lot! Content was perfectly framed which is the thing I like the most!
It was an amazing course, i have learned lots of new marketing strategies about amazing firms. Thank you, have a nice day.
It's very very easily understandable course and I loved learning new things and the professor explained everything clearly
I really enjoyed this course and it made me understands lots of concepts and will help me tackle situations in near future
Enjoyed this course, one of the best I have attended, The recent case studies and examples given make it more interesting.
A very well curated course and assignments to understand marketing tactics required in the rapidly changing digital world.
It is a very well designed course. I have learnt so many things from it and it is well related with the 4p's of marketing.
Its a really good course to understanding the basics of digital marketing and loved the format of learning showcased here.
Great course. It provides a lot of key concepts in the marketing and digital areas with up to date examples and readings.
The professor is really good. Often I face lack of concentration while studying but he kept me focused, i don't know how.
The lecturer was very good - I really learned a lot. The best part was the engagement through the case study assignments.
Good learning experience from COURSERA , wonderful online courses provide by COURSERA . Its increase knowledgeable of us.
This course really helps me to understand the 4P's of marketing mix in a digital platform  it is a great course thank you
Aric kept everything simple and each element was meaningful and clear I really enjoyed his style of presenting the course
This course provides helpful information in understanding the changing world as it relates to sales/promotion strategies.
excellent course. provides very good foundations for digital tools and marketing. satisfied and happy taking this course.
My experience is amazing . I learned many things. I like to go case study which makes it interesting and some thing new.
Wonderfully explained with good examples and case study. Learning was a wholesome experience with  hands-on assignments.
Great course and lecturer. Efficient and to the point, well laid out, points explained very well. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
Excellent Online course so far in my career. Case-based assignments and quizzes are some of the best features I can say.
I've learned so much from this course. I will continue with the marketing specialization program. Keep up the good work.
It was my first experience with Coursera and after it I'm addicted to continue learning. I highly recommend this course.
Prefer this course if your new in digital marketing. You gain the basics and important concept that you never heard of.
Very excellent course help me to understand the complex business world how to help my digital tools revolution in world
It is a fantastic course.  It makes us know about the latest marketing strategies and ideas.  Thanks a lot to sir Aric.
I have learned a lot, this is an amazing course and focuses on the 4 key elements of marketing in a digital environment
Thought I knew a lot about digital marketing but learning the language was amazing. Best online course I've ever taken.
Thanks a lot Sir. I really enjoyed the courses and all the case study were very helpful. Thanks a lot for your efforts.
This course is very good and i have learnt many things and i enjoyed all the assignment which have been assigned to me.
A highly interesting course with a big fully picture of how digital tools are revolutionzing marketing in modern world.
The course was very good. The instructor's way of teaching with real examples were practical and easily understandable.
The best MOOC I have ever taken! Thank you professor for making all the complex topics seem so simple and interesting.
Highly insightful lessons delivered in an easy to understand and relatable manner.Kudos to the Professor and the team.
it is an amazing platform for learning ...it is very much useful. appreciate for their team spirit and efforts given .
"Marketing in a Digital World" has been a stepping stone for enriching your knowledge in digital marketing strategies.
This course made my basic concepts very strong and provided me with ongoing practical digital strategies in the world.
I am very happy to be able to take advantage of this university course, which helps me learn a lot of new information.
I really like Digital Marketing! This course helps me a lot to know more about Marketing World. Thanks for everything!
Great course that gave me a good overview of marketing in the digital world. I am starting to learn the industry lingo
Great experience taking this course. Loved the way the explanations were given even the assignments were pretty handy.
High-quality, fun yet challenging coursework for the global learner.  Engaging on many levels... strongly recommended!
Course was really
great! the instructor was one of the best ... explained everything thoroughly and
was very pleasant
Very concise structure of the course with the cutting-edge business fact. Detailed transcript and active interaction.
Thank you so very much, Coursera and Prof. Aric. It was a blend of quality from Illinois and Excellence from Coursera
Really enjoyed the teaching in this course and the additional readings were very useful.  I learned a lot, thank you!
Very updated content (even this follow covid situation and latest Mar 2020 article to be discussed). Thanks Prof Aric
Great course with recent research findings and various activity to understand the real implementation of each module.
I highly recommend this course for all who wants to study Digital Marketing and understand Digital world from basics.
Great examplesLiked the professor and they way he explained great assignments and case studyvery well designed course
Was very insightfull and explored some very important and fresh concepts that deeply affect the marketing these days.
This course is amazing. The professor is very clear on his words and very easy to understand. Exceed my expectations.
In a short span of time, I gather a new perspectives in the business. And I'll never perceive it the same way again.
I enjoyed learning here so much, the instructor gave lessons in such a fun and understandable manner, I applaud him.
Remarkable and RevolutionaryThanks to professor for making the concepts so easy to comprehend Will recommend to peer
Great course ,gain a vast amount of knowledge as a beginner. Course is full of facts ,research analysis, case study.
This is one of the best professors in iMBA program. Well structured and thought through. Interesting custom content.
It's a great course with many examples from the real world and hands on experience in many cases , I've enjoyed it .
Excellent introduction into Digital Marketing. Course covers the fundermentals with relevant examples and assignment
Being a Biology core student, this course helped me alot through clearing very basics to intermediate of marketing.
The instructor of the course has a very good sense of teaching. And also the course is well developed and designed.
It was excellent, the exercises, the peer group assignments and the module quizzes. All made a whole some work fun.
Liked it so much. Thanks for giving an opportunity to participate in this course and acquire much useful knowledge.
Thank lecturer so much for your interesting lesson that I found so clear knowledge of Marketing from cases of study
I don`t usually 5 stars, but briefly speaking, if there are more stars I would give for sure, strongly recommended.
This is a very good course, that provides you with relevant understanding of Digital Marketing. I have leant a lot.
Decent course that explains recent shift in marketing mix. Its more on the theory side, not much on technical side.
Huge thanks to the professor, his way of delivering and communicating the course material is absolutely fantastic!
I could learn the way to use digital platform in the marketing process and the course was a really interesting one
I really enjoy it.its to much enjoyable learning with coursera,thank you for giving me such amazing opportunity 😍
Its a really fantastic course, I would recommend this to all MBA students and those planning to get into business.
Concepts were very valuable and great teaching style that too in proper sequence..!! Looking forward to learn more
GREAT PROF!!Amazing use of technology and the best part is real time use of case study.. more recent and more real
I really enjoyed this course and learnt a lot of new things about how the outside world is implementing marketing.
very good course. precise and concise. interesting topics and also I love the campus interview and spotlight part!
I learnt many new and interesting things in this Course. Thank You Coursera and thank you Professor Aric and team.
Great module! It is really fract based and the real examples are very good! Lot's of leanings. Thank you for that!
Excellent course -- thorough overview of common digital concepts and a great introduction into digital marketing.
I enjoy this course very much, the lesson is clear and very innovative adopting real study case which very useful
Well taught especially with the incorporation of real life examples and businesses which makes learning practical
Very informative and helped in gaining lot of knowledge. The Professor explained everything very well. Thank you!
The course was really interesting, the examples given was real which was very helpful to understand every module.
The material is so well thought out. I would not have learnt half the things I did had I not been so well guided.
I think this course is a must for everyone even if they do not belong to this field. It offers great information.
Very Excellent Course by University of Illinois.Special thanks to sir Aric rinfleisch for his excellent teaching.
Great Experience. All the topics were nicely explained by Professor with actual case study and research articles.
Incredible Course and I'm very grateful to the university, the teacher and Coursera for give the chance to do it.
Aric is a great teacher and does a very good job of creating a very personable atmosphere in a online experience.
Excellent course that helped me gain perspective on the impact of digital tools on both companies and customers.
I really liked the course, I have been able to learn various strategies that I will apply in my future business.
Learnt about Digital Marketing, it's fundamentals and basic Marketing 4 P's Product,Place,Promotion and Pricing.
This is such an amazing course and it is so helpful!! I so happy I took the decision on investing money on this.
Enjoyed this course greatly!It was very beneficial and very taught.Thank you to University of Illinois and Aric!
Excellent course. Extremely educational and informative. Thank you for sharing, wish the team all the very best.
This was an amazing course, I recommend it to all people who wants to learn about digital marketing in our era.
The best course to learn amazing things to do... It's very easy to Handel and complete the task.. Awesome aap..
I did not have any knowledge of marketing before I did this course. it has been very helpful to learn the basic
It's a good experience when I attend all this lecture or reading. I definitely sure ,it's help me in my career.
Very nice and well organized course. Feel the touch of care in the whole course. Thank You, Professor and Team.
Great base course for marketeers to refresh their skills and get connected to the potential of the digital age.
I loved the explanations for each concept. They were clear and precise and offered a lot of practical insight.
a mind blowing course, which upgraded my skills to a level where I am able to think for my future goals. peace
This course was a great experience in learning marketing in a digital world i love it looking forward for more
I absolutely loved the content in this course, it was easy to understand, informative and relevant. Thank you.
Loved this course !A well balanced, dynamic and inspiring examples course lead by an interesting leader Aric !
lecturer was amazing. loved his teaching. he always had a smile on that made the learning experience welcoming
This course was really helpful and made really easy to understand the concept of Marketing in a Digital World.
Well-thought-out course. The instructor took great care in developing a course that is up-to-date and current.
Very practical. Full of cases and information that open perspectives to the world of marketing in the new era.
Great class offering practical and relatable concepts within marketing with updated examples and case studies.
Very helpful course with interesting insights, easy to follow! Highly academic and updated! Thank you coursera
it was a good experience to learn marketing in a digital world. I have earn so many knowledge in this course.
Very helpful course in order to get an insight about how digital goods can change the landscape of marketing.
Course material gives extremely relevant illustrations of the modern marketing landscape. You'll learn a lot.
Found the course extremely helpful and interesting. I wish it didn't have to end and was even more extensive.
Very interesting. Good basis for seeing how the new digital world has affect traditional marketing practices.
After completing this course I feel more confident about myself. It has added a good credential in my resume.
Excellent course as an introduction to Marketing concepts and Digital Marketing. Great instructor. Thank you!
Great course. I learned a lot. I am using this to change careers. I am so thankful that this programs exists!
An excellent overview course for execs who don't have the time to update the basics of the new Digital World.
very well put together. easy to fit into my schedule, short videos make it easy to dive in and pace yourself.
I definitely like this course because: fresh information, great examples, interesting cases and cool teacher!
really nice course , i learned a lot but i didn't get my honors in the certificate, please resolve this soon
A really amazing and fun course to learn about digital marketing and digital tools we can use to promote it.
Very good course with interesting topics and assignments. I really felt like I have learned something new :)
I liked it's peer graded assignment held every week and explaining through examples makes it very exciting.
Great course and a great way to start Digital Marketing with marketing's essential model The Marketing Mix.
Best management course ever !! Very insightful and informative course. Totally worth the time and efforts!!
the case based approach made it more insightful and was a great learning experience . kudos the whole team.
The course was really informative and i learnt various thing which would be essential for me in the future.
Really good- good quality materials. Suitable for beginners plus those with experience of digital marketing
This cours is great!! I wasn't expecting to learn this much. The program was perfect and the teacher great.
This course was very effective and useful for me. Learned lots of new items, thank you for the opportunity.
Awesome course with information that I can apply to my current job and any professional role in the future!
Really enjoyed this course - very appealing mix of different ways of presenting content and engaging users.
Best course about basic understanding of digital marketing with excellent information and course materials.
course has good content and is very interesting.they use real world examples  and recent studies to teach.
This course really helped me learn basics of marketing in digital world. It's all about 4 P's of business.
Coursera videos are excellent and up to mark. Lot of case studies to explain concept which is really nice.
This course help me to enhance my skills towards digital world and help me to understand the basics of p's
Really learned a lot and help me to understand that maketing in a digital world is very broad and dynamic!
It was really a nicely crafted course. Thanks a lot for providing privilege to provide such useful course.
love this course. i have learn so many thing from this course. marketing strategy, digital marketing etc.
Excellent content, the case taken up are quite relevant and helps to understand the concepts even better.
A great course with perfect content. Great examples and superb case studies. I totally loved this course.
I really enjoy this course and I love it! It is well organized and I think contents are very interesting.
it was a great experience for me. the methods you use to teach something are excellent. Thank you for all
It was really exciting course. I enjoyed the learning and is really going to help in my career.Thank you.
professor way of teaching is excellent. the quality is good and i bet that i wouldn't forget this concept
This is a Fantastic course. You will get absolute idea of doing marketing of a product in a digital world
I loved this course. PWYW was a really different concept that I was not even aware of. Thanks Prof. Aric.
an excellent course for those who need a starting point to dive into the business world and its concepts.
Lectures were great. Brought out the concept of marketing in a digital world with a practical perspective
I did learn few new concepts for marketing in digital world course and very interesting case studies too.
Very interesting course! I definitely recommend it to people looking for developing their knowledge aroun
Amazing course in depth knowledge of digital marketing in recent times was clearly thought. I learnt alot
This is an excellent course. It has wonderful insight into forms and the tools used in digital marketing.
A very good course! Prof ARic Rindfleisch explains very well and it is very interactive. I learned a lot!
For those that has an interest in a career in Marketing, this course and specialization is a great start!
I wish I could immediately enroll in the next course. Its gave me a great experience in online learning.
It was a great course and I appreciate the efforts that were put in to make it relevant and interesting.
It is a great course but I couldn't take Certificate even after ID verification, I don't know the reason
Great course with hands-on experiences that builds a well structured understanding of digital marketing.
Its a good course to initiate on Marketing field with Technologies help, and of course its very helpful.
Found the class and the professor informative and feel it gave a good introduction to digital marketing
Excellent. Well done. It is clear to understand. I like the way theory is connected with real examples.
This course full of knowledge and fun, i enjoyed every aspect of it! it was simply awesome!!GREAT WORK.
I really learnt a lot about Digital marketing and enjoyed working on case with real world applications.
Very well structured course. The educator presents the concepts in an extremely easy-to-understand way.
I would like to thank you for this course
It is different and It has something unique, Really I like it
Amazing course. I learned new things and I do feel that this course will help me shape my future career
This is an awesome course to get an understanding of the digital marketing landscape. Very Interesting.
very infomative and innovative.  Thanks everyone who have contributed in making this course successful!
From this course marketing in a digital world I came to know about digital marketing and how it works.
One of the most structured course I have come across. Highly illustrative and beautifully articulated.
It was an amazing course and i loved to learn the new concepts and ideas of how marketing can be done!
It was amazing learning and after learning i think now i am a pro at these concepts thank you coursera
This is a really great course for anyone who wishes to start exploring the field of digital marketing.
Excellent course, very good explanations and very professional! The best course for digital marketing!
Excellent course for those who need to understand how digital tools are influencing today's marketing.
It was really a great opportunity for me and I learned many things about Digital Marketing. Thank You!
thank you so much for enhancing my knowledge and giving me this opportunity to learn Digital Marketing
This is an awesome course to understand recent marketing. good to know more details from other courses
An excellent course on how new digital tools are changing traditional marketing and consumer behavior.
A good start to put everybody at the same page and overview of what can change our world in next years
Informative course that introduced me to some interesting companies and gave me some food for thought.
It's an amazing practice of digital marketing. The addition of case studies made it much interesting.
This course gave me knowledge about different companies and their digital knowledge around the globe.
Very informative and case studies and actual firms used were helpful to understand the lessons better
I have issues accessing my certificate because I need to verify my account first which is complicated
This was one of the best courses I have taken on Coursera and I loved the approach to various topics.
Valuable insights and practical guides on digital marketing with real world examples and applications
Mr. Aric and team definitely made the course, topics and case studies, both interesting and relevant.
I really enjoyed the course , I would like to make another course with Illinois University, Thanks !!
Not just great content and teaching, but fantastic resources that I'll be using for years. Thank you!
I enjoyed this course and I have learnt a lot, thank you so much coursera and University of Illinois.
it is one of the best course i have studied yet and i feel really obliged to be a part of this course
Really enjoyed this course! I also enjoyed the practices. Looking forward to the rest of the courses!
Absolutely amazing and insightful course. Introduced me to great concepts that I hadn't known before.
awsome course for getting knowledge of marketting in digital world .its helpful for devlop you skill.
Well prepared videos from quality side.Content is nice. Gave a lot of new insights.Professor is great
Interesting and well structured lectures to start with on Digital Marketing! I definitely recommend.
It was a wonderful course and I really liked the form of speaking of the teacher and how he engages.
It is a very interesting course to learn.Even if you are not into marketing you may like the course.
It has been an honour doing this course. Learnt alot from this course that will be useful in my MBA.
Extremely useful for beginners, everything is explained very well. Very informative and Interesting.
It has been a great time learning new things digitally. It was my first-class online and it's great.
Thank you so much Coursera team it means alot to me thank you so much I learn alot from your course.
All the case studies and exercises were quite relevant and exciting! Enjoyed pedagogy of the course.
Until now, it's very practical for me, I wish I can fulfill the whole specialization course. Cheers.
A great course. I had a great time learning and applying what I have learnt through the assignments.
One of the very good course, It will help to improve your basic understanding  of digital marketing
This course is very interesting and this course helps me to improve my digital marketing knowledge.
This course was really helpful and gave a clear insight about many digital and marketing statergies
The content was so helpful and useful different skills I have learnt we help my dream to come true.
It´s a very good course, it's simple to understand even if you don´t know anything about marketing!
Very nice course with lots of exercises to do. I recommend this course to all marketing enthusiast.
Great course! Simple,
direct, practical. Great for aligning expectations, and knowing key concepts.
Good understanding digital marketing world with principle of marketing and examples with real world
Thanks for everyone worked on allowing this valuable course, and special thanks for Professor Aric.
Thank you Mr. Aric Rindfleisch as my teacher. Amazing experience to learn from Coursera.com.Thanks
Great course ....... Show the changing landscape of business in digital world.  Highly recommended
Thecource was very helpful. Content is really good. Very good information to enrich our knowledge.
The lecture and the teachers help to complete this course I like this app to learn various courses
The course is very easy to digest and the practices really help me understand the theories better!
Lots of new to learn from course. This course make me to re-think about marketing in digital word.
This course is a great introduction to how the digital world has impacted marketing and consumers.
Beginners course in Digital Marketing, must for anyone who wants to venture into Digital Marketing
A very well designed course. I came to know about things that Ive never heard of in my daily life!
Great content that is relevant to my work in marketing. I've already used the skills I've learned.
Some case are good to learn. This course introduce some marketing info and trend in digital world.
This is one of the best course for getting deep knowledge of market & studying customers behavior.
Great informative course to learning about marketing online! Aric is a engaging prof :) Thumbs Up!
I am very happy and grateful for allowing me to participate in this program, thank you very much.
Amazing course seriously he way he taught me was amazing .Thank you for this wounderfull content.
It was a very good revison for me with the marketing concepts and some new digital concepts to it
I have gained a lot of new exposure and knowledge throughout this course. Thank you Gies College.
I really really enjoyed attended the lecture and i learned a lot of things in marketing. Thank 🤍
i loved the way things were comunicated, well explained and properly distributed course. loved it
Excellent professor and course material. Looking forward to learning more in this specialization.
Great beginners course for people who wants to understand what it takes to be a digital marketer.
Great course! lots of real world examples and ways to incorporate the lessons into your own life.
My first tryst with online learning. And what a wonderful way to start. Thank you. Lovely course.
Great course to gain a theoretical understanding of the influence of digitalisation on marketing.
Amazing content and a great refresher as a former marketing student looking to enhance my skills!
excellent content and format. more than a recorded lecture, really an online education experience
This course was a very interesting and was very insightful to imply in the future opportunities.
Helped me a lot to understand digital marketing and how it plays an important role in Marketing.
It was a great course, helping me understand the finer details of the changing consumer behavior
It was very exciting to know new dimensions of 4 P's of marketing. I really enjoyed this course.
Great opportunities to study this course online and help me understand digital marketing easily.
Great course! This is a one time experience and I loved it. The knowledge I gained is priceless.
Very nice session sir..thank you very much.the way you  explaining all the concept is very nice.
loved it. I have gained a lot of knowledge by this course which definitely helps me in my career
i really like this course and its really interesting for me that I learned something new again.
excellent explanations and examples made the session very engaging.Learnt a lot , Thanks a ton!
I am from engineering background and completing this course was so much fun. excellent teacher.
This is the best online course I have taken so far. I love everything about it. Kudos to you!!!
Perfect course for beginners in digital marketing. Methodological explanation by the professor.
Amazing experience with real life case studies. Looking forward for more courses from coursera.
very good for international learner.Here find out clear information about the Digital Marketing
Learnt a lot about Marketing and marketing in digital world. I am looking forward to learn more
Great course, interesting concepts and clear explanations by Professor Rindfleisch.Recommended!
Really helpful and good course on Marketing which is changing due to the rise of digital tools.
This course offers a solid foundation about marketing in the digital era. Certainly worthwhile!
Excellent course! Excellent teacher! The content really has blown my mind. Totally recommended.
This is great! Must for people who wish to get involved in digital (and also analog) marketing.
Advanced concept with specific case study, very interesting, new marketing in the digital world
One of the most sort after course . A must give for all those digital marketing enthusiast .!!!
A really great way to introduce you to a  lof of marketing concepts and digital marketing too.
Amazing! Truly appreciate the efforts of Professor Aric Rindflisch! Thank you! really enjoyed.
Great faculty, very on point examples and great exposure, enjoyed he whole learning procedure.
I am very happy to give us such an opportunity, thank you sir, you have explained very nicely.
Excellent course design with very basic marketing concepts. The course instructor was amazing.
Thank you! I am so grateful to be part of the online course. I learned a lot from this course.
The Teacher, Prof. Aric is excellent at teaching ! Has a slow and steady pace in his teaching.
Very informative course. Each and every topic is discussed by the college professor in detail.
I like the course very much.It have helped in learning many new concepts. Thank you professor.
I have learnt a lot while doing this course. Thank you so much for providing this opportunity.
Well it's good course to take and i think its worthy for a biggner in digital marketing media.
The video lectures were easy to understand. And the assignments were engaging .great course!!!
Very good course. Professor Rindfleisch has the ability to explain easily some complex issues.
this course answer to a lot of question to my current venture into an online business interest
Wonderful and engaging course. This was my first course to delve deeper into Business Studies.
Great course. Finally someone talks about 4 P's without repeating everything in the textbooks.
My all over experience was very good. The knowledge given by the course will be very helpful.
very good course and provide me with many information that will be usefy for me in the future
The course was great. I like the idea that they were focused on the startup and quite helpful
Wonderful course, great teachings with the best teacher. Overall very well flow of the course
I developed my skills about marketing by improving my knowledge. Thank you for your exertion.
A very good course, I have learned a lot from this course about marketing in a digital world.
Excellent learning experienceVery nice and interactive teaching styleI just love this course.
Great course! Good videos, the assignments are challenging and the concepts clear. Perfect :)
Like it for it is useful and valuable to enrich my knowledge on marketing in a digital world.
Very Good Course, Professor Arac was excellent in explaining this course and concepts. Thanks
All data is new as possible to be. Great job done by Professor and his Team. Really enjoying!
Excellent course with detailed videos of information and overall great learning experience !
Hello Everyone !This is Chandrama from India It was really nice experience with this course.
Course instructor delivers the materials in an engaging manner. Thank you for the notes too.
Mr. Aric rindfleisch is a great teacher and its my privilege to attend this course. THANKYOU
Great Experience with professor he made it very easy to understand with the overall content.
Great elaboration  of strategies by giving example of top brands,which easily get into mind.
Excellent course. Learned new technique of digital tools which could be applied in business.
very well made online course, interesting, not too much content, I gained many new insights.
A very good course indeed! Highly recommended for all marketing professionals and beginners!
I knew nothing about marketing a few weeks back but now look at me all intelligent and wise.
Thanks you for this great learning experience , i recommended this course for all students .
Really loved the course because of awesome professor, well designed and interesting content.
The course was very informative and I have gained from the course and enriched my knowledge.
I was afraid to begin studying again, but finally was one of the best things I done, thanks!
Great course, great lectures, and good subject and content examples and course materials. :)
This course was outstanding in it's presentation, content, and seamless ability to progress.
Loved Every minute the session. Thanks Aric foe making my first course in Coursera Memorable
Its an Excellent course for any beginner , with good material and lectures and case studies.
Thanks!  I really appreciate the time on this course and all that I have been able to learn
it's great to learn new thing, especially for me a fresh grad student in this pandemic time
One of the nice Courses that everyone who wants to be a successful marketer should take it.
He help worwith Task & Always assists coworkers that are having difficulty with their tasks
Very well made and informative course filled with great practical examples and assignments.
Excellent course. the supplementary reading links especially is so helpful and interesting.
very helpful. Go for this one. you'll learn many different things about digital marketing.
I like how the instructor explain the materials clearly and give real case in the world :)
Well structured. Thoroughly enjoyed the video lectures. The instructor made it interesting
Great course! I’m a beginner and I’m happy as everything was clear and easy to understand.
Its amazing and the content is fresh. It engages me. Nic teaching. I admire you professor.
Good course content, cases. a different approach of the Marketing Mix in the digital world
Excellent Course with interesting insights highligthing the stifts in marketing paradigms!
Loved it! Great foundational course. Excited to go through the rest in the Specialization.
It is a wonderful course and i would highly recommend. I got exposed to many new concepts.
This first course i was pretty awesome, very insightful yet entertaining at the same time.
great source of knowledge and people from othe field can also learn a lot from the course
Excellent Course and comprehensively covers all the Fundamental concepts of Digital World
It was a
wonderful Course ever and hopefully it will good impact for future work as
well.
This is a very informative course.  Each and every concept has been explained Thoroughly.
Amazing to see how the Professor has kept the content of this course fresh yet relatable!
This course was very interactive and enjoyable to learn the Marketing in a digital world.
The content discussed is very insightful. Covers the basics related to the marketing mix.
great experience. Learn lots of new things. Thank you so much for this great opportunity.
awesome course by coursera i loved it i will suggest this course to my family and friends
Theory-based fundamental digital marketing course to start a career in digital marketing.
Really good insights of how marketing has transformed with Digital tools! A great course!
This course is definitely a plus and on point for anyone interested in digital marketing.
Aspiring students making a career in Digital marketing, it will be a jump start for them.
Excellent course , thanks a lot professor for teaching such a wonderful course.good luck
it's wonderful experience with good material and I hade a lot of information !!Thank you
It was a wonderful experience with all new ideas and different perspectives on the 4 Ps.
This is very user friendly platform to continue this course. I LOVE IT.. THANKS COURSERA
Very  beautiful course and the lecturer is very great. I'm grateful for this opportunity
Great Experience ! Concepts supported by corporate Case Studies and Academic Researches.
Thank you for the course. It is really interesting with up-to-date themes. I enjoyed it!
A great course with a great instructor . The way Aric sir taught made this course best .
Excellent course , very informative, got a real feel like sitting in classrooms. Superb.
its was a great course helped me a lot to develop skills and ideas of different products
Very good introduction to Digital Marketing!I will definitely proceed to the next class.
Wonderful experience to take this course, very informative and a great learning process.
Absolutely helpful.An amazing course which details the changing digital world around us.
Aric Rindfleisch, John M. Jones Professor of Marketing Excellent I wish him more success
From the first video, I found out new informations that will help in my marketer career.
Simple to use, great information with both academic and real-life examples to reference.
Learned a lot from this course, can't wait to begin the next one in the specialization!
Excellent course... Loved each session. Achieved a lot of new information. Thank you...
Awesome!! I learned so many things that are completely new and applicable to real life.
LOVED THE METHOD OF TEACHING BY PROFESSOR AND ALL THE LECTURES WERE VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE.
Great course, the cases are very interesting. I really enjoyed the 4 weeks of learning.
Excellent Course!! Very well taught by Professor Aric. Big Big Thanks to him & coursera
A very good course. I have learnt a lot and teaches us that there is more to marketing.
Amazing.....ti is a excellent course content and way of presenting is elegant.Thank you
Excellent course material. very good videos and exercises. A good course for beginners.
Very good, introduction is easy to understand and faithful to the type of work we'll do
This is very good course and provides you with details on 4 Ps. Assignments are fun and
Good experience. Case assignments were really helpful to understand the concept deeply.
I was previously employed as a digital marketing specialist, but I still learned a lot.
Easily understand what the professor teaching and excellent course. Thank you coursera
Loved the course and learning from the instructor. His way of explaining is very good.
It is very informative. Generally I do not write a review but this course made me too.
Interesting and engaging. Prof. Rindfleisch made the lectures and exercises enjoyable.
I am totally impressed by teaching and i enjoyed the learning process thank you guys .
Great start for the specialization covering the basic principles of Digital Marketing.
Fascinating course with a great deal of relevant information. I learned a lot from it.
Lot of things to learn from this course if we want to enter into digital life. Thanks.
A very interesting course. Good explanations, excellent readings and great study cases
Got really great information and even more confidence for my digital marketing future.
Gives a very good undestanding of current mayor trends in Marketing in a Digital World
Professor Rindfleisch is a great teacher, really enjoyed the course. love from India.
Learned a lot in a very simple, and interesting manner, the videos are made very well
a great experience to study and revise my marketing course. thanks to the university.
Absolutely suggested to learn because you will get more updating about digital world.
this course was amazing and i learned a lot of concepts related to digital marketing.
Great course. i learned a lot and i am so happy i was given the opportunity to learn.
Examples are the best in this course because of this understanding concept is easier.
Very easy to understand for marketing beginners, very insightful and makes you think.
I enjoyed this course! Thank you for the opportunity to learn something so important!
Really worth it. I am planning to complete all 6 courses and might take more as well.
Good precious insight of the marketing in this present era. Thank you very much. João
Great!!!the course itself is an example of the potential that digital marketing have!
I think the whole process was very well composed and really enojoyed all the classes.
Vey joyful and informative material. Thank you so much for new skills and knowledge.
Very good course for someone who wants to understand marketing in the digital world.
Great Course!  Very helpful in helping to understand Marketing in the Digital Space.
i love the way you teach class and humor are really makes me calm. thank you so much
Excellent course! I learned more than I expected. I really enjoyed the case studies.
Very beneficial and recommended for those interested in digital marketing of the day
It's really an interesting course and very applicable in daily life. Nice, very nice
is very interesting! there are a lot of example and case about Marketing in digital.
Very useful, practical, with practical examples and high involvement of the student.
The course is very helpful, loved the assignments especially the one with Wikipedia
very nice course and knowledge based course clear  the skills and best for beginers
Very good! The principles are more importants to start a new era of the martketing.
Really good course, really nice way to improve my knowledge and with good exercises
very fruitful as i have learned how to use digital world in marketing and promotion
Very useful course for knowing the role of 4 P's of marketing mix in digital space.
some materials  are outdated but it is a very innovative and well-structured course
this course is a beneficiary course for those studying marketing,i like the course.
Gained more knowledge about how digital marketing is success throughout the world!
Good Course case study were very help full .. i really like way course is designed
Very good course to learn about new marketing models applied in the digital world.
Amazing Courses with full analysis and It will 100% benefit to upgrade your level.
At the age of 50++ learnt a lot of new things! I enjoyed it very much...thank you!
Great way to master importance digital marketing strategies through live examples.
It bring me to new world of high techno concept. Very useful and powerful concept.
Amazing Course. Loved it. Learnt a lot about the digital perspective of Marketing.
Interesting lectures and crystal clear concepts - thanks to Professor Rindfleisch.
Great course. I learned so much new information. Very cool and informative course.
It was really an great experience to know many things about the Digital Marketing
Professor Aric is awesome. Course content is amazing and with real-life examples.
Great course. Learned so much about digital marketing. Only wish it was longer :D
It was a really a enjoyble course and glad to know many new thinks about business
it is the time that studies online, it is amazing to learn this course. I like it
super experience doing this course and I developed lot of skills from this course
that was really useful course well explanation of all topic and I really enjoyed.
Amazing course for those who want to discover new things about digital marketing.
An excellent starting point to the Digital World! I highly recommend this course.
Loved this first course of the specialisation and can't wait to start the others!
Best course for anyone who is trying to understand business in the digital space.
Wonderful instructor, explained it all nicely, really decent course, very modern.
Very Good and helpful course. teacher with very pleasant and coloquial attitude.
i am so glad to learnt this course . i got a lot of experience from this course.
Really nice course, everything its pretty interesting and really well explained.
well established and covered that was all needed. the professor did a great job.
Very good introductory course on digital marketing. I liked the cases and tests.
The best course as it contains so many case studies and other extra information.
Very good course for fresher to understand the key concepts of digital marketing
Very informative and presented in a very entertaining way, highly recommendable!
I'm so impressed with the quality of this course. Thank you for the opportunity!
Thoroughly enjoyed the content and delivery of the subject matter in the course.
It was a great experience and would love to get connected to my mentor Mr. Eric.
The best COURSERA'S corse I did until now! and all COURSERA'S courses are great!
Im enjoying this course, its so well structured and the course is too the point.
Absolutely up to date with technology in terms of Marketing in the Digital World
Excellent course in terms of knowledge and forming a base for digital marketing.
Perfectly structured, clear, easily accessible and really effective! Well done!
Very inspiring and has lots of good examples to illustrate the course material.
such a wonderful course and surely it will help me  a lot in cooperative world.
Good overview, and excellent support. Piqued my interest in the specialization.
Great teacher, great support, well-organized. Must be a great university, also!
It was a great course. I have learnt a lot about marketing in a digital world.
I really enjoyed the course and i am hoping to take more courses in this field
Awesome.. Learned various thing... Thank u so much for introducing this course
helps you know the basics very well. good foundation for the courses to follow
this was a great coursera but didnot serve me with a certificate . please help
Really relevant stuff and can't wait to get on the 2.0 version of this course!
I really liked this course because of all the digital tools that I got to know
Great course method use is quite excellent and interactive session used for it
Very good course, to lear about digital marketing and new ways to do marketing
It is an amazing course! Full of content. I strongly recommend it to everyone!
A must recommended course before going deep into digital aspects of marketing.
I really enjoyed this course and I have learned a lot. Definitely recommended!
Excelente course, very intuitive and very well explained! Totally recommended!
Great insights with up-to-date information. The professor makes the class fun.
Amazing course! Professor Aric Rindfleisch explains all the topics very well!
good course to learn new terminology and trends in digital world of marketing
Awesome course, gives us a clear idea of how things are changing drastically.
Really amazing course, the professor taught extremely well.Thank you coursera
This  course helps me to learn about digital marketing and marketing strategy
Overall, it gives a gist of how new businesses models are working on internet
I have truely enjoyed the course and got the opportunity to learn new things.
Its nice course for the beginners to start their career in Digital Marketing.
Generally, the lectures are really interesting, and the format is convenient.
It is a great course. Specially those who have some interest about marketing.
I really enjoyed the course, it was very interesting and useful at same time.
Course is  desigend well with intersting industry examples.Thank You Coursera
Excellent course to learn and understand  basic concepts of digital marketing
Very useful course, interesting enough to let me continue My Specializations!
Great course. I'm a fashion designer and this course has been really helpful.
I really liked this course. I am glad I chose this as my first online course.
It is an excellent course in all senses:content and methodology,Great teacher
Very good course, i learn a lot of marketing knowledge! Thank you professor!
Its very good course to refresh you marketing and digital marketing concepts
I really enjoyed this class. I learnt a lot and i really loved the approach.
Got to learn so much about the 4 P of marketing and such a wonderfull course
It is unique course , and is updated in 2020 which makes it relevant as well
This course lets you more about the things around you in the marketing world
it is very useful and helped me to enhance my skills in digital marketing...
This course gave me a good understanding of how the 4P's work in a digital s
Great learnings!! Definitely helpful and eye opening. Going for the 2nd one!
It was truely the best course i have seen. Thank you ARIC.You were amazing.
It's really great. I'd say, its FANTASTIC!!!!!!! Thank you so much Mr. Aric
The course was good and easy to learn with the flexible timing of learning.
I learnt so much through this Course. Much recommended to all the students.
Great topics, and the teacher makes the course very interesting and catchy!
I had improved my knowledge and skill from this course thank you so much 😊
Great course which gives a hands on ecperience with different case studies.
The course was super beneficial and covers many new and intriguing subjects
Great course for those who would like to pursue their Marketing Profession.
It was an amazing course. The content was commendable and very informative.
Gave insight to lot of new emerging concepts of marketing in digital world.
Great course for me and worth to try if you're into the world of marketing!
Learning was made fun and very interesting. The assignments were great too!
Very good course to get updated about what's happening in the current world
The course was very productive and interesting, I recommend it to everyone!
very comprehensive study with case study to test the knowledge practically.
This Course was amazing. It helped me learn the basics of digital Marketing
I was unable to complete my session due to time bound and my busy schedule.
This is, One of the best course design, material and delivery, Thanks a lot
Very informative course with examples to understand each concepts clearly.
Provide basic knowledge related utilization of Marketing in Digital World.
I gained knowledge of marketing concepts. it was a very interesting course
Loved this course! Very informative. I really enjoyed all the assignments.
I enjoyed my time learning here, and i will continue pursuing more courses
This was very informative and hepled me to gain knowledge about this field
Great course. The topics taught seem very relevant. Prof. Aric is awesome.
I like this course very much. I gain more knowledge in 4P (Marketing mix).
Very good lecture and insighted professor. Its really wonderful.Thank you.
Good opening course. Easy to follow and the exercises forced you to learn.
Great course with some good eye opening real world example and case study.
A very helpful course, explained with very good examples and case studies.
Good survey of the topic.  A good foundation for the courses which follow.
Excellent introduction to digital marketing that exceeded my expectations.
Amazing lectures by the professor, in depth knowledge and great examples!
Such a great course for digital Marketing in the world offers by coursera
Comprehensive  course. Better understanding on Marketing in digital world
It was great experience  I learned about lot of marketing strategies also
an amazing course, amazing instructors, valuable informations. Thank you!
Awesome course Really Liked the examples and Fun videos along the lessons
overall its superb. it taught me new thing about marketing world globally
Must do course for a business professional ,especially a digital marketer
This is an outstanding and comprehensive course that i recommend for all.
Innovative approaches and ideas for marketing implementation! Well done!!
Enjoyed the self paced studding along with a class full of great content.
Excellent course with relevant content in today's digital marketing world
Great holistic view of the past, present, and future of online marketing.
Excellent course with great real-life examples of emerging Digital Market
DetailedEngagingThe assignments need thought and effort - makes you learn
Well explained easy to understand and concepts which matters in real life
This course was really incredible, it encouraged me to study Marketing!!
Excellent course! I learned a lot about marketing mix in a digital area.
Using the case study method for very good for understanding the concepts
Great content and the case study helped a lot to understand the concept.
The only evaluation I can give to this course is EXCELLENT in every way.
Overall a good and interesting course with a personable likable teacher.
insight about all the major aspect of the marketing in the digital world
This was a very rewarding experience. Thank you so much for this course!
Fulfilled contents with examples, easy to understand even for beginners!
A great course teaching Marketing Mix with application of digital tools.
Excellent program, thank you, Professor Aric Rindfleisch, I learn a lot.
Excellent course, I really encourage you to take it!! You won't regret!!
For a beginner course it is slightly time consuming but very interesting
Definitely reccomend it!The best on its domain!Thank you for everything!
it was very interesting and interactive learning. I lolved it very much
It was amazing. Thanks a lot Coursera cor giving me this opportunity 💙
Well structured course, great introduction to Digital Marketing topics.
Organized, concise and full of value on evry lecture, video or activity
Great course i got a better understanding of marketing in digital world
really helpful and easy in understanding course for non native speakers
I have completed this course, Sir has explained it in an excellent way.
This subject given awareness about companies strategies through online.
very interesting and engaging series of lectures and reading materials.
A lot of things are learn from this course Marketing in a Digital World
This course was very informative and the instructor was very dedicated.
Worth doing the course for those who are beginners in Digital Marketing
Excellent course! Explained all aspects of the marketing mix perfectly!
Great course, specially for people starting in digital marketing world.
Excellent course with super awesome examples. It's a complete package!!
Excellent course that opened what I had never known to be in existence.
This course is really good for learn fundamentals of Digital Marketing
i loved the way of instructor taught ..he just made it a piece of cake
Very excited and smart course with a good way in display the knowledge
Great class! I learned a great deal and it has me even more motivated!
Extremely useful course to understand the basics of digital marketing.
Great update on the marketing principles but with the digital reality.
Excellent content and very good usage of resources to share knowledge.
Really good introduction Digital marketing course!Very good Job Aric!!
I like this course - very interesting both theory and practical tasks.
what an amazing course, I will really recommend it to my fellow mates
it was worth the time and I actually enjoyed every bit of the process
The instructor made the course interesting and a fun to learn process
Its very nice!Thank You Coursera Thank You Gies College Of Business!!
Nice lectures with so many insightful reading materials and exercises
It's pretty unique course, and lecture in this course is interesting.
Had a brilliant experience with Professor Aric Rindfleisch. Loved it.
excellent course, provides essential tools to help attract customers.
I had best experience with this course and I just love the professor.
The material is great and the course is well structured. I enjoyed it
A very beautiful course. You would definitely love getting into this.
This course teaches me a lot about fundamental learning of marketing.
I learned a lot about marketing and digital tools . Must try this out
I enjoy this course very much and the case studies is very insightful
Excellent course, and an excellent instructor.Material was very good.
Excellent class -- interactive with interesting videos and exercises.
A great introduction to basic digital marketing tools and techniques.
I really loved the videos and the practical examples. I recommend it
It was a pretty challenge experience. I have leaned too many things.
Excellent course, very well explained with lots of updated material.
Insightful and facilitated applied learning in a quick span of time.
Great course with very detailed concepts and examples from real life
It is great course. I learn more about marketing in a digital world.
A Great course by prof. Aric, i really enjoyed each and every moment
Excellent course, I like the way the teacher explained the course <3
Really useful and systematic course even for fresh digital marketer.
An amazing course! Had a lot of fun learning new terms and concepts!
Very useful course. Relevant content. Highly recommended! Thank you!
Many thanks. This course was very helpful to me in digital marketing
Very interesting course! Nice examples, nice practice. Thanks a lot!
Great course. Learnt some really interesting new marketing concepts.
Loved it! Take it if you are considering the digital marketing path.
It's a very good course. Learning up-to-date marketing means a lots!
Exceed expectations. Also, it is up to dat with examples from 2019.
I learned many interesting things from this course. Thanks so much.
Very interesting, one of the best I ever attended! Ciao from Italy!
I have learnt so much! and in a very interesting and enjoyable way.
great experience. looking forward to complete all remaining courses
Great course!!! my first interaction with marketing. and it's great
Very interesting topics and very good teaching method. Recommended.
it was really easy , to study and introduced the topic in easy way
I loved professor, videos and approach how information was served.
Excellent Course and Learnings! Thank you so much for this course.
The materials shared are current and clearly explained.  Excellent
This course are very useful for me to learn deeply about marketing
Learn a lot of new things. Aric Rindfleisch is a great instructor.
Excellent course content delivered in an engaging and fun fashion.
I like this course. A lot of new information and practical part :)
nice course for those whose are interested in marketing technology
it's a very simple and got a practicals examples for every concept
excellent! I've learned a lot and is very interesting all the way.
Great and educative course. Really enjoyed it. Really interactive!
Amazing course, due an interesting content and a great instructor.
Great course. I enjoyed a lot the practical part of it. Well done!
just an perfect course and amazing instructor. Highly recommended
It was an phenomenal experience, it learned from every bit of it.
I learned how the Marketing Mix has changed in the digital world.
Very good course well teaching. I definitely encourage to enroll.
I absolutely enjoyed this course. The instructor is just amazing.
It was fantastic.Much to learn in a short time.Thank You Coursera
very nice, the instructor explains clearly and exercises are fun.
It was an amazing experience.i really loved learning this course.
A great course updated with real time examples and illustrations.
Great Resources And Info , Really Helped Me To Improve My Career.
A detailed review about the course in submitted in vote of thanks
Having a great experience learning "Marketing in a Digital World"
very nice formulated course , happy learning of different aspects
Very nicely thought and great curriculum. Really well-structured.
Easygoing and mindopening for the digital marketing practitioner.
Awesome course.  I've learned a lot about colaborative marketing.
Great real world example of technology changing 4Ps of marketing.
The most interesting part of the specialization, except Channels.
This is a very informal class with loads of valuable information.
great course ! it gave me many useful ideas of digital marketing
Very descriptive and clear with the discussions on the concepts.
great course,very useful information to start your learning path
Awesome model interactive easy to understand and very applicable
interesting, to the point, well explained with  perfect examples
The was really helpful in understanding digital marketing basics
It was very good.I learned so much things.Thanks for everything.
Learn the basic of digital marketing, good course for a beginner
Excellent course, thanks to the instructor and I am from Chennai
It been great learning here. Can't look forward to learning more
Very well structured course. Clear and with very useful examples
This was an excellent course and professor!!!  Highly recommend!
Very informative, very clearly structured and interdisciplinary.
Good class, good materials, easy to understand, you learn a lot!
Its a great course and would love to complete the specialization
I can’t verify my account so how can I received the certifcate?
Just Awesome syllabus, Learn a lot of Things, Totally worth it!
Excerptional  and the professor is very good at what he teaches
It was indeed a great course, the instructor was very amicable.
Very informative and easy to understand for the basic marketing
A compact course on Digital Marketing, very easy to understand.
It is really a good course to understand the digital marketing.
Very Helpful course with some great modern topics and examples.
it was great experince and learning, really enjoy with learning
I like it! I learned to apply  theoretical concepts in practice
Very awesome course, this is my honor being to join the course.
I do this for a living and still learned some valuable insight.
This course is very useful and will add an value to your career
The course is great, you will learn a lot. I really enjoyed it.
Inspiring course. Aric leads through the content in a nice way.
Case studies provided exceptional examples to think creatively.
essential course for people who wants to learn about Marketing
Great course. It is adding a lot to my professional knowledge.
It is easy and consisting good examples. Interesting to learn.
Very insightful with interesting academic and market research.
Very helpful and informative, thank you for the amazing course
Excellent course. Very happy to learn about Digital Marketing.
I got to know different marketing strategy. Thank you Coursera
you will get to know some important terms in digital marketing
The course was very good the teaching technique  was very good
Exceptional Course Content! This course is highly recommended.
Practical course with case studies which are very interesting.
I am thankful for the knowledge that I acquired in the course.
I really enjoyed the course, it's very valuable and beneficial
good experience feel awesome after join course thanks coursera
Very informative and helps tune in to current marketing trends
Great Course, convinced me to follow the whole Specialization!
Great course, many new concepts with practical recommendations
Really good and understandable. Learned alot from this course
I learnt very much about digital marketing course . Thank you
Thank you so much for this journey it was full of information
It was good course to start learning about digital marketing.
Good teacher and good expanations in the course,thank you sir
Extremely helpful and great teaching Aric. Highly recommended
I really liked the course content. Would highly recommend it!
Very important course for all Digital marketing professionals
Structured and well-developed. Overall, it is a great course!
Very interactive and an excellent course in this digital era
Such a nice course. Got so many insights. Thank you so much.
i am Naman Patel, Thank You so much. My course is completed.
Excellent course presentations with interesting assignments.
Excellent course,It helps me a lot to develop my business...
A huge new learning experience about marketing.Thanks a lot.
The professor is very good and makes the course interesting.
if you want to learn basics of marketing, this is the course
great content including a great knowledgethank you very much
I loved the course, I really learnt new concepts. Thank you!
Very interesting insights. I absolutely recommend the course
It was a very helpful course with a good learning experience
I LEARNED SO MUCH FROM COURSERA GREAT PLATFORM FOR LEARNING.
Great course, great professor and very interesting examples!
That was very good.Got a good knowledge about product ,price
Very easy and enjoyable course with easy and hands on tasks.
Learned many new things. Thanks to coursera's financial aid.
Very interesting, good faculty, fun way of gaining knowledge
Really Gives you the introduction you need into the subject.
it was a great course i learned a lot of good thing in it :D
Very relevant to current times and very interesting as well.
This has been such a great experience. I feel truly blessed!
Excellent course, I recommend to any marketing professional.
This course was helpful to get basics of Digital Marketing .
Easy to understand for a beginner with very kind Prof.Aric.
I've never enjoyed learning this much in my life. Thank you
it was a great experience learning in this type of platform
The coursse was really good and it was really informational
Just awesome with lots of knowledge and practical thinking.
Really enjoyed the course. Didn't feel like I was studying.
Amazing course! I enjoyed every single video lecture of it.
Amazing course with clearly defined examples and exercises.
It was engaging, and a good foundation for further studies.
Amazing course! Really loved the digital concepts approach.
Very Good, I found the course exciting and great exercises.
The course is very well planned. Thanks to the entire team.
excellent content for digital marketer and who wants to be
Nice Course, complete, dynamic great knowledge of the prof
Amazing faculty for teaching and case study based leraning
The course is well organised and taught, enjoyed it a lot.
Excellent inputs.  Well Delivered. Interesting Assignments
Love this course! Lots of insight to new marketing trends.
I really enjoyed. It was really interesting and inspiring.
Amazing information and interesting case-study assignments
great course , I learned a lot of new things , thank you .
Very Interesting course and I am glad to learn new things.
Very useful fro Marketing students as well as professional
Very insightful, I've learned new things and recommend it.
This course is fun!  I'm learning a lot about co-creation.
Is a good course to enter  the world of digital marketing.
This course and the instructor was great i really enjoyed!
The course is wonderful to beginners in digital marketing
I think this is an extraordinary course I just completed.
Very nice course to do in your free time or as an intern.
The best course so far that I've come across in coursera.
Great course , really improves your skills and knowledge.
I learned great concepts from a well-experienced faculty!
It is a great course to be learned by Management student.
Looking forward to learning more about digital marketing.
good course and very good learning in marketing strategy.
Great course! A lot of good topics and learning material.
Very interesting if you like theory. i really enjoyed it!
Very detailed study with fantastic real life assignments.
Great content, very informative, engaging and up to date.
Very comprehensive, well structured, and highly relevant.
Excellent introduction course that exceeded expectations.
in my PDF Certificate, logo of university is not , why ?
Excellent! the roots of digital marketing was explained!
it was a great online course i have done online so far,,
It is really good course. Got to learn through examples.
Really super teaching learned more information thank you
I got hooked to this course. Such an amazing experience!
It was an awesome experience learning from the professor
Thanks for this Course, I have cleared lot of my Doubts.
It is a great course and great practical assignments too
learn the principles of marketing for the digital world.
Amazing course, the first step of the wonderful journey.
Aric is amazing in making the concepts clear and precise
It was a great experience for me. Thank you very much .
Overall the experience was good. I loved it. Thank you.
Over all good and skilled ful .but where is certificate
Interesting course,, seriously so amazing & resourceful
It was an amazing experience, thank you so much for it!
This was a nice and easy course with on point knowledge
Gain so much knowledge about this and its very useful .
Loved the examples and nuances explained by Prof Alec!!
It was an amazing course gained industry based insights
do enroll in this course for understanding the concepts
It was a really nice course, a different point of view!
This course is impactino... Thanks to all facilitators.
fantastic course for beginners. Prof Aric just too good
Good Course to start off a career in Digital Marketing.
I´ve learn new concepts and cases are very well chosen.
Good one i like this site to build my skill more potent
I really enjoyed this course. Very informative and fun.
Super Aric was awesome and the examples were very good.
Extremely helpful and was a great learning experience.
SUCH A WONDERFUL COURSE. AND A MORE WONDERFUL TEACHER.
The way the concepts have been explained is excellent.
better learning course for increase skills,knowledge .
Good outlook on the current state of marketing online.
I would like to thank the instructor for the hard work
Great experience. Would like to continue the learning.
I liked that course especially the case  studies in it
excellent course. content was useful and to the point.
One of the best curses on digital marketing out there.
A lot of learnings. My thanks to Dr Aric and his team.
Thank you for these great opportunities for learning
t
A great way to getting introduced to Digital Marketing
They gave a preview about my future presential course.
this is a great course for beginers and very helpfull.
Excellent introduction concepts and case study, thanks
Amazing course, exceptional instructor, helpful peers.
Great insights and its a gold for any marketing lover.
Great Course,Great Learning.Every thing was New to me.
The best course teaching Marketing in a Digital World.
Excellent initial course  Digital Marketing, I loved!!
Now days all activities are operating in digital ways
The professor and the Case Studies are really Amazing
Phenomenal learning experience and great assignments!
It is very helpful to students to learn something new
It was indeed a wonderful learning experience for me.
Great course experience with well experienced people.
Is a little bit long but the conecpts are really good
Interesting, In-depth and Engaging. Thanks Prof. Eric
Course was a great introduction to digital marketing.
Excellent. Thanks for all knowledge and informations.
Excellent to learn basic digital marketing knowledge!
I love it, thank you so much for this amazing course.
Awesome course to relate Digital to 4Ps of Marketing!
Good course to begin the journey in Digital Marketing
Great course with great assignments. You truly learn.
amazing course. focus on fundamentals, which is good.
useful learning materials, but a little bit outdated~
A very good introductory course to Digital Marketing.
Lucid, well presented and very informative. Loved it!
Fantastic, insightful course which is well presented.
I loved the class. especially the real world example.
Nice work and i learned different skills. Thank you.
Excellent Course!! Had a great learning experience!!
it is so helpful to do marketing in a digital world.
The course is well presented, I really recommend it.
Very interesting!! Enjoyed doing the case studies!!!
Very helpful app to learn different courses for free
they teaches very nice that we can easily understand
I learned so much in this course. Thank you so much.
Very informative, good interactive course, loved it!
Eric is Phenomenal teacher.. in true sense a Guru...
Great course. Well conceived and expertly delivered.
great course. thanks for letting me to learn in here
great course really with lots of updated information
Very useful course. Learnt a lot. Excellent teacher!
Well structured content and interesting assignments!
Great Lesson that offers me implementable knowledges
Great topics, great explanation, great assignments!
I had verified my ID.Please issue me my certificate
i am complete my cource but no certificate is given
I had learnt a lot about marketing from this course
Up to date learning with many interesting examples!
Really enjoyed this course and how it was laid out.
VERY GOOD...learned a lot of new marketing concepts
Simple easy to understand. Updated and very useful.
Interesting, valuable and clearly expressed course.
It was a wonderful experience learning here. Thanks
Awesome course! Aric is very knowledgeable and fun!
Learnt a lot. good updation for a Marketing Teacher
Excellent! I love the course and I learned so much!
The Course was very interesting and well structured
Very Helping Course for the initial level learners.
Learnt so much! I would recommend this to everyone!
Great first course! Everything is very interesting!
Perfect material with a very interesting subject  .
Very good course. I learned a lot. I recommend it!
I would like to give five star in this university.
Very interactive, engaging and interactive course.
Amazing course, insightful and thoroughly enjoyed.
quite an interesting course , teacher is soo good.
Learn more thing I'm this course Thanks Coursera !
excellent video, great professor really enjoyed it
Love the course and the learnings from the modules
Excellent course,thank you so much ,learned a lot.
amazing eye opening course , really recommend it .
I like it! Thank you for the valuable information!
its a great course, very educative and informative
Thoroughly enjoyable and great learning materials!
Great experince and material, I really enjoyed it.
Very good course with practical implementations !!
very good and complete course. You'll learn a lot
great mentor easily able to study and understand.
Well Designed course. One should surely pursue it
This course is completed today thank you so much.
One of the best online courses I have ever taken.
Great foundation for digital marketing knowledge!
One of the best courses on Marketing on Coursera!
Really interesting course! I highly recommend it.
I REALLY LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS COURSE THANKS
The best course of Marketing I took in my life!!!
gained knowledge and resourceful course to digest
An excellent course and well methodical delivered
Great Course! Can't wait to continue to the next!
Very effective intorduction into marketing world!
Great course to understand the digital marketing.
great inspiration and knowledge-update. thank you
Such a great and fun! I really enjoy this course
Fantastic Faculty. Enjoyed a lot while learning!
Very interesting and educational course! Try it!
amazing course! . i learnt a lot about marketing
it is a privilege to learn from Aric Rindfleisch
Really too good marketing the teaching also good
Superb course, superb teaching, cool instructor.
I learn many things from this course. Thank you.
Fabulous course and a really engaging Professor!
great experienced!! thank you for good knowledge
Had a great experince in doing this course .....
Good Course for who are interesting in marketing
I gained so much of information from this course
Very helpful for best goal and success for life.
Great course! Some wonderful insights to be had!
Latest course available in Digital Marketing....
Great assignments and content. Highly recommend.
I was surprised that studying can be interesting
Excellent course with new and fresh information!
Very helpfull to learn about digital marketing!
I didnt get my certificate. What's the problem?
Excellent course and innovative way of teaching
this is a excellent course for digital maketing
I loved this course and it was very insightful.
the course was very interesting and informative
It was very interesting ,useful and informative
It was more than what I was expecting.thank you
It's a great course with a lot of practise work
Really grateful for giving me the opportunity !
this was amazing, ill do it again a 1000 times.
Great course. Great insights and illustrations.
Very informative course. I like it a lot so far
Great introductory module to digital marketing!
It's really practical and inspiring! Thank you!
Best Information with appropriate knowledge...
Great Course with a lot of hands on exercises.
I have learned a lot of basic things from here
Amazing course and Aric sir is a great mentor.
Got learn about marketing strategy using 4 P's
Very informative course. Very nicely designed.
So much to learn just from a few case studies.
Amazing Course, Learned a lot from this course
The Course is really very interesting and good
it is the first course i had done successfully
Had fun and also a lot of new things are here.
i had really learn new things from this course
It was a really good experience with Coursera.
Very well explained. A course worth your time!
A Great Course and i have learnt a lot from it
Great course. I learned a lot of new concepts.
great experience to understand the co relation
Really interesting topics, well developed too.
Amazing course learned a lot of new things..!!
Great course - I only can recommend taking it!
Amazing course!! Really excited to choose it!!
The most amazing course I've ever experienced.
Very nice explanation had done in the course.
It's a nice introduction to digital marketing
very good start up for every marketing people
The best course on marketing found till date.
Its amazing and provides with value learning.
It was a great experience, big thanks to Aric
Good to learn this course about digital world
i really liked the way the professor teaches.
good experience... helpful in future projects
Course is good I didn't get in my certificate
It was quite interactive and engaging course.
Very well arrange and well explained course .
Enjoyed the whole course! Very informative!!!
Everyone should do this course. It’s amazing.
Quite educational and well-structured course!
A great content, easy to learn for beginners.
very good informations and the best lecturer.
It is a good foundation for Digital Marketing
so interesting helping me to improve my basis
The best course in marketing in Digital world
Excellent teaching course including managers.
Great Course, I learned  a lot of new things
Awesome Course! Learned a lot of new things.
I a lot of practical assignments. Enjoyed it
This courses is very helpful and acknowledge
It was highly useful to enhance my knowledge
Great course and professor  to go through!!!
very Informative and interesting and updated
A wonderful course! Gained a lot through it.
Nice lecture .students like me got benifited
Its a very useful platform to gain knowledge
very useful course gained a lot of knowledge
excellent course i really enjoyed the topics
This is a very interesting course! Thak you!
its really a good course worth spending time
great course and excellent manner of telling
wonderful course with great acdamic insight!
Very good introduction to Digital Marketing.
Great Course Thanks Professor Aric Good Luck
It's really most important course for me.😊
it was a good course aric teaches very well
Great content and a very insightful course.
Good course for marketing in Digital World.
Very satisfied and want to see what is next
Good and actual topics, and good exposures.
Excellent course with contemporary examples
Awesome course. Learnt a lot of new things.
Being a student again couldn't be more fun.
Great course! Learned a lot from prof Aric.
awesome course,with an awesome instructor!!
Ideal mix of teaching lessons and exercises
very good course and mostly the professor.
Very helpful to me for my further studies.
I found it really helpful and interesting.
very good platform to learn through online
Never had experience like this. Thank you!
course was very informative and and useful
Very great at equipping people with skills
Amazing lecturer! Well-prepared materials.
Good experience learning digital marketing
Great course. i liked the way of teaching.
i am very much satisfied with the teaching
A best course for a beginner don't miss it
Great Job by Mr. Aric Rindfleisch. Thanks.
I am thankful for such a practical course.
Great course, very grateful to participate
Very Informative and run on current trends
Very interesting and practical, thank you!
Amazing Course , full of innovative idea .
fantastic teacherbest educational web site
It was a great experience. Over-whelming.
Extremely well course. Highly recommended
This was really fantastic ,enjoyed  a lot
Wonderful course very informative .......
Lovely course. Loved all the assignments!
Very useful and knowledge provider course
lot of learning and good inputs thank you
I learned the new dimension of marketing.
Learnt a lot of interesting new concepts!
Extraordinary course on digital Marketing
I love it it was a good experiment for me
This was a good introduction to marketing
Good course to revisit marketing concepts
Very educational. I loved the experience.
Loved learning Marketing from ILLINOIS :)
NIce Course., Easy to Learn, Easy to pass
Enjoyed and learned a lot! Really worthy!
great course, enjoyed while learning..!!!
Great teaching, interviews and exercices!
Enjoyed learning about Digital Marketing.
Great course! I recommend it to everyone!
Great starting course for novice studant.
Thank you for the course. I am impressed.
This is a great course, very insightful!!
I am a satisfied learner of this program
The experience i was felt phennomenol...
Very useful course I have learnt a lot..
It is a beneficial course for my career.
Great professor. i love his explanations
Very informative and must take course!!!
awesome course case studies were awesome
All my concept got clear by this course.
really liked the content of the course..
its amazing special real life case study
Good i have many learning..for marketing
Excellent Course.Learnt a lot.Thank you.
Really enjoyed the course. Learnt a lot.
Amazing, excellent teacher and examples.
Best professor i like about this course.
Great introductory course on the theme o
very useful and interesting conceptions!
Excellent course. Specially the DBI part
Great Course, I was able to learn a lot!
thanks for giving me this opportunity..
It was really great course. Thanks GIES
it's a good corse espically to marketer
new science in the current digital era.
Very interesting and insightful course.
it was wonderful with all good examples
amazing, open your mind in an instant !
amazing content and very well explained
Far beyond my expectations. I loved it.
every one should go through this course
good introduction to the specialization
best digital marketing course out there
Nice course the teaching was so simple.
Possibly the best of the specialization
One of the best courses Ive ever taken.
I am really satisfied with this course.
elaborative explanation . very helpful
Excellent, thanks for the opportunity.
Very nice course for digital Marketing
EXCELLENT COURSE FOR DIGITAL MARKETING
Very good. Helpful detailed knowledge.
Great course and learnt a lot. Thanks.
Great Course...worth doing this course
Excellent course, and has covered good
Great experience and amazing knowledge
Great introductory course into the wor
I very much enjoyed it, great teacher!
Better than I expected, learning a lot
The course presented interesting cases
Excellent Coaching- I love this course
A great course. I have learnt so much.
I love what i am learning, and the way
thank you for such a great opportunity
Excellent and very interesting course!
this was good, I enjoyed it, thank you
Is the best online course I´ever take!
Best course so objective at the point!
Great materials, interesting exercises
Ótimo curso. Congratulations Coursera.
Very interesting and innovative course
Superb course, learned lots of things
SUPERB COURSE AS WELL AS EXPLAINATION
Interesting course i love the teacher
Very nice to be a part of this course
well i learnt a lot from this course.
Course was fantastic. I learnt a lot.
The concepts were very well explained
Beautifully structured. Learnt a lot.
I really enjoyed the course thank you
Excellent Course on Digital Marketing
well experience in digital marketing.
it was very good course for learning.
Great course. Thoroughly enjoyed it .
Wonderful course. completely loved it
Great Class and Explanation Professor
Great Course. Loved the case studies.
Very good course with great examples!
Thank you for such interesting course
Great course, definitely recommended!
Great content, and very good teacher!
Excellent course. I truly enjoyed it!
Amazing course and amazing teacher!!!
Very Nice and detailed explanation !
Great course! definitely recommended
best course on marketing in this era
Good course with lot of information.
Great course ,Compact and up to date
It was amazing. i enjoyed it so much
This was a excellent learning for me
We done Video and notes are too good
Very good course for a career change
excellent course many thanks for it.
its really great. thank you coursera
Great course and very time-relevant!
It was great learning with Illinois.
Nice course with lots of information
Very interesting subject and course!
Great information and helpful course
It;s very useful for me, i like that
Very informative, interesting course
Very helpful and interesting course.
very informative and helpful course.
The exercises were very interactive.
Loved the concepts and case studies!
Excellent material and case studies.
I find this course very interesting.
very good course and worth choosing
I did not receive the certificate ?
It is very useful platform to learn
it's good and very helpfull for me.
Excellent Course & Very informative
This course was very helpful for me
This was a very interesting course.
Interesting, engaging, informative.
Excellent course, I really liked it
It is fun and interesting to learn.
Very Good course with ice teachingn
Thank you very much for education😊
Learnt alot about digital marketing
Very fun and knowledgeable journey!
I really enjoyed doing this course.
Really good course ! Learnt a lot !
Love the courses! Keep it up U of I
Wonderful course. Fun and engaging.
Good course with excellent examples
Best course of this specialisation!
very informative and helpful course
This course is requirement of time.
It was a really interesting course!
Found this course an excellent one.
thank you for polishing the skills
wonderful thank's for this course.
It was fun learning this course!!!
Great course with 2020 actual data
Tq for offering such a good course
Thank you so much for this course.
Best course for digital marketing.
great and thought provoking course
It was really helpful . Thankyou !
I really enjoyed doing this course
best course with the best teachers
Great course on digital marketing.
Great course! Thank you so much :D
it was very helpful. And thank you
It was so useful. Thank you, prof.
Good course and easy to understand
Interesting. Informative. Amazing.
This is a really very nice course!
Great course! I really enjoyed it.
Very good content and presentation
Great learning experience so far..
It was a very intresting lecture.
great course with ample knowledge
this is a very great course to do
online content is well organized.
it is a great experience, Thanks!
the best digital course ever!!!!!
It's was good and understandable.
Such a great learning experience.
Perfect lecturer! Perfect course!
The Professor was really awesome.
Wonderful course, really helpful.
I gained lot of knowledge. Thanks
wonderful course, Thank you Prof!
Good class with best case studies
Good experience with this courses
Great Course and great learnings.
well written and nicely explained
AWESOME COURSE... I ENJOYED A LOT
great and very informative course
Amazing course, great experience!
Great course, excellent lecturing
It's awesome. I love this course
i am glad to complete the course
it was good learning experience.
Mentor is Good and Great course.
The course was very informative.
Enjoyed the Learning experience.
It is a very informative course.
Amazing course. Very interesting
Very innovative and informative!
Informative, amazing experience.
Great Course with great content!
Amazing Course.. very insightful
Learned a lot! The class is fun!
Interesting subject to be learnt
Great course and great learning!
Best course with great learning.
Amazing course really enjoyed it
i learned alot from this course.
Awesome course. I learned a lot.
Really also and relevant content
Very useful and exciting course.
Amazing and enlightening course!
i'm really enjoying this course
knowledge gaining and effective
very informative and fun course
really useful and knowledgeable
Practical, applicable and fun !
The class was very interesting.
Very interesting and insightful
Great course! Highly recommend.
Amazing content. Great teacher!
I have learn so much new things
It was very useful class for me
easy to follow and very helpful
Thanks Coursera for this course
The best of all online courses.
this is Excellent course I take
Great course with illustrations
Great course, very interesting|
Great! I learned a lot! Thanks!
great learning from this course
Very interesting and Innovative
High quality and great insights
Very interesting !! and helpful
amazing course! learned a lot.
Fantastic course!Thanks a lot!
It was great course. Thank you
very good course for marketers
wonderful class, fun professor
Very educating and interesting
I learnt a lot from the course
Very interesting and engaging!
a great learning experience...
Keeps me to think in MARKETING
Very practical and insightful!
Learn alot from thus course...
Great Course and great content
well this course is tremendous
Thank YouIt was a great course
Really helpful and insightful!
The teacher is one of the best
Good I learned a lot of things
very nice course to begin with
informative&interesting course
I enjoyed this course so much
would like to thanks coursera
A great learning opportunity!
Extremely informative course.
highly recommend.great course
it was indeed best experience
Interesting and usefull! Thx!
Well Explained with Examples.
Very comprehensive and lucid.
This course is very effective
Great course, I enjoyed it ;)
Good course, perfect teacher.
One of the best course so far
Thanks a lof for this course!
Very practical and relevant.
It's a great enhanced course
Its a good and useful Course
Enjoyed it a lot , Thank you
this course is well organize
Wonderfull course !!!!!!!!!!
Very interesting e-learning.
Very helpful and insightful.
well organized and engaging!
A nice platform for learners
Insightful and easy to grasp
interesting and entertaining
excellent ! I really enjoyed
I give it a 5 star rating!!!
Interesting and good course.
was a great course .. thanks
This course changed my life!
really intresting .loved it
Really entertaining course.
its was very awesome course
informative and interesting
The professor is awesome!!!
this course helped me a lot
Great course! Thank you! :)
Very nice study experience.
FANTASTIC teaching! So fun!
How can I get certificate!!
the instructor is very good
Really helped start me off!
Great course, Great format.
Worthwhile. Very Worthwile.
The case studies were great
amazing course, I recommend
Great insight, great course
its a good course must try
great teaching methodology
wonderful practical course
great course and lecturer.
Good course  and visionary
Thank you for this course!
Lovely and very informatic
i really loved the course
Very interesting subject!
goood medium for learning
it was really good course
I have learn many things.
Good and effective course
Good learning opportunity
Super Talented Instructor
Great intro to this space
it's a really good course
Great introduction course
Very Good and Informative
Extremely good contents .
Very nice and interactive
Grasping and Interesting!
perfect a very good class
It was fun and educative.
one of the best subjects!
the lecturer is the best.
Extraordinary instructor
This is a good course 👍
thank you it was amazing
Certificate is not given
it is a wonderful course
it was a good internship
Great Souce of knowledge
Good Sources of Learning
Very Enlightening Cource
Perfect from all aspects
The class was very good!
this course is very nice
Great learning platform!
Interesting and great!!
good to learn from this
Vey professional course
Just one word "Amazing"
one of the besy courses
good and helpful course
Very useful and amazing
This Course was superb!
Great section on price.
Good Course enjoyed it!
I have learned so much!
It was great! With real
its very useful course
Fun to learn like this
Good course, i love it
Professor is so great!
Really nice experience
Great marketing class!
An amazing course....
Excellent very useful
Informational indeed!
It was what I needed.
Very helpful session.
Very good and usefull
really nice teacher !
Really amazing course
great things to learn
Very Important Course
I love the professor!
Great course had fun
It was useful course
I LOVED THE COURSE .
I truly enjoyed it!!
Simply Great Course!
Nice as introduction
Good for freshers :)
theres alot to learn
It was great courses
very helpfull course
its a awesome course
IT IS USEFUL FOR ME.
Very practical! thx!
Great course for me.
It’s really helpful
Plss my certificate
Very useful Course!
fabulously explined
Very Knowledgeable.
excellent learning!
really rich content
Simply excellent 👌
interesting lecture
I  love this Course
Highly Recommended!
Extremely helpful..
I'm really inspired
inspiring perfectly
Very knowledgeable
Perfectly designed
A wonderful course
IT WAS ALL AWESOME
Highly recommend !
enjoyed the course
nice for beginners
It's a best course
Course was amazing
It was very useful
Amazing Professor!
very good knowledg
excellent insights
a great foundation
i like the course
Excellent teacher
Very great Course
an amazing Course
was very helpful!
It is best course
Iam very thankful
Very insight full
Good key concepts
totally helpful .
its nice to have
Good in learning
Good and Helpful
WONDERFUK COURSE
A great learning
Very resourceful
GREAT CONTENT!!!
It really great!
Very beneficial
Expert learning
Great lectures!
Too good for me
Good... Complet
Enjoy learning
really enjoyed
yes its uefull
very help full
worth learning
Great class!!!
great courese
informational
I love it!!!!
Great Topic!
Most helpful
Great class.
I loved it !
Rich content
learnt a lot
Its precise
It’s great.
Very Useful
Learn Lot .
veryhelpful
good Course
Interesting
good couse
every good
The Best!!
Love this!
Cood cood
effective
No Thing
Exciting
