The instructor made countless mistakes while speaking, sometimes even saying major opposites such as downward sloping instead of upward sloping. The person transcribing the professor's lectures into subtitles clearly did not understand him and wrote things incorrectly. Again, this ranged from minor errors such as hearing and transcribing "duck" when the professor said "dog" and "gourmet" instead of "government" to major issues such as writing "Accept" instead of "except" and "eliminate" instead of "illuminate." Since it is a recording, the professor should go back and make his videos clearer and the transcriber should be replaced with a professional. There are also typos in the quizzes and questions along the way.
when explaining the material, sometimes the lecturer makes mistakes. in digital courses he can stop the recording and do it again. the videos were clear. but when you see the questions you understand it could have been more clear. the videos are poorly done in terms of video shooting and editing: sound, video quality, editing - it's simply should look more like 2019.
This course is good, specially the Professor is out standing but I think we dont have efficient solution to externalities,  the economics still has to learn many things, this can not create a balance between nature and economic development.
Some explanations are not right to the point. I need to replay some videos because I did not really get the message the first time around. Some parts need deeper concentration due to lengthy explanations.
Generally speaking, this course conveys the core idea in microeconomics clearly and helps in understanding the economics in everyday life. Meanwhile, I found it could be improved in some ways: 1. The technical terms/methods seem somewhat unrelated to the examples due to the way they're explained; when the examples are addressed, more often than not, common sense is applied instead of the systematical analysis that is previously introduced. Then the academic terms/methods seem not quite powerful. 2. There are typically many assumptions when performing analysis on a real-life case; though focusing on the simplist case may convey some ideas faster, ignoring these assumptions (not mentioning them) renders the reasoning unrealistic and somewhat weak. 3. The mic in this course may not work well: Sometimes the instructor is clearly speaking when it sounds like mumbling, and the volume changes between classes.
Good Course. Taught well. Should be free certificate. Thank you.
The course is amazing and highly recommended for people like me who have never studied economics as a subject. I am giving 4 stars because the subtitles associated with the videos are not good enough. The professor, Mr. Jose speaks something whereas the subtitles show something else, which is totally different. I would request the team to look into the subtitles part so that the minor issues get resolved completely.Once again, the course is an enlightening one and the approach used by Mr Jose to deliver the concept is extremely amazing. I loved the course, totally.
The course is great because it doesn’t throw graphs right away at you, but builds insight step by step with tomatoes and peppers instead. Then there is a breaking point at which you suddenly see those graphs as natural visualization of market powers.The reason I am giving 4 ⭐︎ is that English subtitles are beyond horrible.I wish there would be similar Macroeconomics course.
I expected more math from an economics course. The professor is very good at explaining and demonstrating different topics, but it would be very interesting if we see the actual math, even in details, behind all of these concepts. I think most people who take this course have passed calculus 1 and 2, so a little bit of math would make it way more interesting and useful.
Overall, great content. Really enjoyed the course.My only (very minor) gripe is, the book is optional but I found the lectures alone skimmed or skipped a few small topics covers in quizzes. I'd probably say 98% of the stuff was covered. Overall, not a big deal, just a bit of a nuisance. Would absolutely encourage others to take the course if there's an interest.
Its a very good course and informative, while also being easy at the same time! Probably one of the best courses for beginners and with an interest in business or even understanding daily economics! I wish it was a little more of a deep dive into the numerical problems and formula ..
Good course overall; I definitely learned some of the basics of microeconomics that I did not know before. Some videos were confusing when the Professor misspoke often, or used examples where the topic had only been lightly touched upon. Overall, still a very good course.
Great course! The material is presented in a detailed way that makes it easy to understand even if you're new to economics, using a local sandwich business as a real life case study was really cool, plenty of practice questions to test your knowledge. An all around winner
It was good learning the basic principle of Economics, I surely hope to find it useful in my further studies regarding financial markets, finance queries, and many more.Overall a very good experience, Thanks to the Guide Sir, and University of Illinois.
The course was great!!! The examples helped a lot to better understand the models. A bit more mathematical approach would have been better for me but it would have made the course longer. Overall the course was really and recommended.
The topics covered were vast and the course had a certain rigour to it. However, I found the teaching below-par; I happened to notice a disparity between the level of teaching(not the quality of the subject matter) and the quiz.
the instructor was good in his teaching, secondly the course material provided was also more than enough, but the quiz were very self contradicting most of the times, which made hard for me to choose the right answer.
Wonderful course that gave insight to economic principles around us. Application of principles in real life was made easy. The instructor's language clarity made the concepts to be crisp and clear.
Very interesting course and easy to follow. It gives a lot of stimuli for parallel discussions.I really enjoyed it.Very good for a beginner that does not have a previous background in economics.
I enjoyed the course and thought the real-life examples were beneficial. The only downside is the math could have been explained a little better in certain situations.
Solid introductory course. The extra econtutorials help provide clearer definitions, but overall a really good way to get comfortable with microeconomic basics.
I like the game examples and how Dr. Jose explained the examples but I have to say that the video really need some improvements such as the subtitles.
The course material was really interesting but sometimes difficult to follow on the videos. But the extra reading helped make up for that
This course teaches me the basic knowledge in economic field, with interesting real life examples and simple but concise explanation.
Would appreciate if images and charts used in videos were included as still photos in transcript of video lessons.
almost perfect but the quiz,when you finish the quiz you can't see the correct answer(no matter pass or failure).
Some times difficult to understand especially when connecting video content (notes) compared to quizzes.
This course is very helpful for strengthening your conceptual learning of economics
Covers the basics of Economics by interesting explanations by real case studies
Very interesting n easy course. Best to get proper knowledge in MICROECONOMICS.
The wording of many of the quiz and video challenge questions are imprecise.
The Professor is excellent and creative in explaining the concepts.
Definitely a really good foundation course in economics
Very good course . Very good real examples. That's all.
Very good to start  understanding economics from zero
Dr. José J. Vázquez has been an amazing professor.
There were some translation problems in the video
A refreshing refresher course on Micro-economics.
Really wonderful. But it's only for a beginner
was pretty good. learned a thing or two
Awesome courseDeep learningLiked it:)
I am a computer science graduate and I had been focus purely in technical skill and hide myself in the geek world. I came out recently to know more about the world, and this course gives me a lot of wonderful insight and new perspective on how the world works in term of trades and the purpose of existence of government in the first place. A great course and a wonderful lecturer that able to demonstrate the economics theory by interview people who can share their amazing experience. Great job!
The lecturer was very interesting. Although it was obvious that he was not a native English Speaker, the examples he demonstrated with real students and the way he described other concepts was really interesting and easy to understand. The course videos were also long enough and detailed enough and no further reading was needed, this helped me to follow the course easily on my phone while I was travelling. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone.
Great way to explain economics, especially for students with english as a second language. Thanks for dividing the videos into smaller parts making me able to plan my schedule in great flexibility.
It was great time for me to take these online lectures. The professor is very passionate at delivering his explanation on Microeconomics by using very practical examples. It really helps me because that is what I expect when I choose a course here. The most satisfying thing was that I had time to rap my thoughts up during making the answers for forums. Especially, I really had put lots of time to make the answer about policies discussed from chap.1 to 4. It wasn't easy because I've never taken any class on economics or policy but those questions deeply motivated me to remind economic systems and society around me. I strongly recommend this course if you are looking for a course which have you apply the theories into your real life.
This was so far the best free online course I have done. Great videos in which Dr. Vázquez-Cognet well explained the Microeconomics  Principles, in a lively interactive way while using good examples from a daily life. The weekly multiple choice quiz which could be repeated (varying the questions) until the subject is fully undertood and minimum score met also contributed to a good understanding of the subject. Unfortunately I got too little time left to participate in the discussion forums. This course motivated me to study further Economics related courses and I would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in the subject and who is new to Microeconomics like me.
Dr. José J. Vázquez-Cognet changed my view onto microeconomics completely different way. I really learned a lot of new useful knowledge and techniques about microeconomics. The course is practical and extremely interesting. To put in other words, Dr. José J. Vázquez-Cognet helped me to fall in love with microeconomics again.
I LIKED THE COURSE AND THE TEACHING STYLE OF THE DOCTOR JOSE. MATERIALS WERE VERY USEFUL AND SELECTIVE TO UNDERSTAND MAIN POINTS. READING MATERIALS' MODULE WAS VERY CREATIVE AND EDUCATIONAL THAT CAN HELP TO SAVE TIME AND UNDERSTAND MAIN POINTS EASILY WITHOUT READING WHOLE BOOK. IN GENERAL, IT WAS THE BEST COURSE I HAVE EVER HAD VIA ONLINE. BEFORE THIS I DI NOT BELIEVE THAT ONLINE EDUCATION CAN BE SUCH SUCCESSFUL AND COMPREHENSIBLE. I WISH THAT JOSE MAKE MORE LESSON ON MICROECONOMICS AND CONTINUE AND CONTRIBUTE ONLINE EDUCATION. I HOPE THAT I WILL BUY THIS COURSE CERTIFICATE AS I GOT MY STIPEND. I WISH I HAD SUCH A PROFESSOR AT MY UNIVERSITY.
This was probably as engaging a microeconomics course can get, and everything was as well-designed as it can get. After doing each step- doing the optional reading link on each introduction, notes on each lecture, and engagement with the discussion forums- I feel I have a sufficient microeconomic base to tackle more advanced topics and to engage with the world in a slightly more economic lense.The value course exceeds any opportunity cost I can think of.
This course really helped me to take a first approach to the fundamental concepts of Economics. I feel that I have learned so much in such a short time. I found this course very valuable, dynamic and comprehensive. The lessons are very well organized and the instructor does an outstanding job in explaining the concepts in a simple way, with clear real-life examples and interesting topics in the discussion  forums. Highly recommendable.
It is very useful for me. I am a PHD student who major in transportation, but without any background knowledge in economics. Professor José J. Vázquez-Cognet combines life experience, especially romantic relationship !?, helps me understand basis of economics.
It's a very well made course. Special thanks to Dr Jose for conveying the fundamentals of Microeconomics in such a lucid and simple way which helps in developing a solid intuition for the subject. :)
ECONOMICS,is the field of study that is best placed to track,study,project and predict human behaviour and as such one of the the most important and relevant skills for the world today,helping us choose wisely when it comes to our personal,social and professional lives.This platform has provided the most important knowledge of MICRO ECONOMICS.It is an important method of economic analysis.I have learned all the theories about free market that are described in a very easy language that anyone can understand it. THANKS....FOR PROVIDING THE BEST KNOWLEDGE ABOUT MICRO ECONOMICS.
This was a great course that i have taken and i am very happy with it since it encourage me to see how microeconomics princples have infflince us in every day and how to use it in to our advantages. i really enjoy this course and the instructor has encourage me and aspired me to do more in economics becouse his way of teaching and  i really thank him for all his great work in transfaring the knowledge to other. and many thanks to university of  illinois at Urbana Champaign to have such as this amazing course and instru
The subject and the key concepts made simple to understand for someone who is completely new to economics. However, a set of slides would have helped more.   But overall what matters is how we apply  and use these fundamentals in daily lives. This would largely be useful comprehending many of Govt and private sector  actions while responding various crisis - then accordingly shaping our own response/actions.
As a Grade 9 student, I was very doubtful whether this course was good for me to take or not. However, the Professor teaching this course did a very good job explaining the topic in great depth, providing clips from his own classes, as well as actually going in-person to some small shops and restaurants and applying Economics there. Done a great job and would DEFINITELY RECOMMEND!
I really enjoyed the course, thank you. The lectures were very well structured and interesting, and the material was introduced very clearly and in a simple fashion. The only week I struggled with was week 7- it seems that some concepts were not fully addressed, and I would have liked to expend on some matters that showed up later on the exam. Thank you again, all the best.
The course is really well structured. Examples that are given are very easy to understand and it surely helps someone with no prior knowledge to these subject, to understand it with quickly.
I find this course very interesting and clear to understand. Using examples and showing different tasks with student is very entertaining and helps to understand the subject. Thanks a lot!
Amazing course. Started with the absolute basics. The professor explained every concept in very much detail and simplified the explanation at all points. The explanation and the lectures were very intuitive and also not being read from a script. This gave a very personal touch to the entire course. The interactions with real people from the real world coupled with a couple of games to introduce concepts was also very encouraging to keep going on with the course.The concepts covered are very much relevant in daily life and have the potential to change our economic thinking while making purchases, producing goods or selling services. Thank you Dr. Jose Vasquez-Cognet and Coursera for providing this wonderful course.
My experience throughout the course was amazing as I got to learn that economics can be used in every aspect of life ,and learned a lot in an easy and practical way.  Dr. José J. Vázquez-Cognet was one of the best Economics professor I have ever had , his way of teaching the course theoretically and practically had got me more interested towards the course. I Thankyou for being such an amazing teacher and for all your great lessons.
This class was taught in a very clear and concise way without being dry and full of unexplained jargon. I was extremely happy with my choice in choosing this microeconomics course. The instructor takes the time to explain economic concepts in a very relatable way. I especially liked the mini-games he videos students doing as a way to explain the concepts of the lecture.
The course was very informative, full of real life examples and all the principles covered were explained in a way which I, a beginner to economics, found very easy to understand. Real life examples helped me to relate it with my own experiences, short length videos and interactive questions in between the course helped in keeping me completely focused on the course.
It was a great pleasure to enjoy the mild working atmosphere aimed at improving my understanding of common microeconomic theory! I would like to express my gratitude to all the parties included into contributing to my and hundreds of other students for our ability to pass this course:
Coursera platform for providing unlimited opportunities,
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign for the brilliant Dr. José J. Vázquez-Cognet,
American University of Central Asia for bringing its students ground for professional achievements.
P.S.: What a nice surprise it is to see Dr. José J. Vázquez-Cognet's signature on my Coursera certificate! I've recently get so accustomed to his face while watching his lessons. :)
This course is very very good. I feel that this course is going to be a milestone in my life. I did not know that economics is such an interesting field of study until I took this "Microeconomics Principles"course. The course level is not too difficult and course schedule is quite manageable for me who works full time in a profession which is quite demanding.
This course elaborates many economic concepts and phrase in popular and easy-to-understand language. Meanwhile it demonstrates economic issues with daily samples, it's familiar and able to be remembered. After finishing studying this course, I learnt lots of basic economic concepts and are able to explain some phenomenon by using the knowledge I learnt.
I love the way Dr Jose simplifies complicated principles through the use of practical examples. It's making Economics - a subject i once hated, being a creative pro and all - very interesting. My deepest appreciation and gratitude to UoI, Dr Jose and Coursera for not only making this course available but also consumable
The lecturer is amazing! The way he describes things is quite wonderful. He definitely got me more interested in economics in general. I would definitely recommend this course to any beginner in economics. Also, I am seriously considering U Illinois at Urbana-Champaigne for an exchange now, given that it happens.
This course was of immense help to sharpen my knowledge in microeconomics. I like to personally thank the course instructor to bring in so many case study to help me understand this course better. Finally I would like to request to create an advanced version of this course to appreciate the course more.
This is one of the best courses I've ever seen. The teacher is really good. He teaches the concepts in the student's language and makes the concepts seem really easy. I enjoy ever bit of this course as he makes it interesting with his numerous examples. Hope to see more such courses.
The course is wonderful. I learned various economics concepts in detail and with ease. The way of teaching was excellent and interactive. I enjoyed every week of the course like never before. I feel very confident now than I was before joining this course. Thank you Josh sir.
It was an interesting course and the tutor explained it very precisely in the time available. I liked the way he gave examples to understand the concept thoroughly. Many pictures were used in the background which was helpful in relating the micro-economic principles.
I found the course very useful especially because of the teaching style of the professor. He gave very simple and daily life examples that I could relate to. I would recommend this course to those who want to know the basics of microeconomics in simple language.
The examples used and the way the instructor explains the concepts is engaging. We can relate those concepts to our day-to-day life. Another important feature about the course is hearing from the real sellers about their experience in the market.
A nice course for fundamentals in microeconomics. The only negative takeaway from this course is the wastage of paper when the professor uses gigantic sheets of paper to draw on in his videos which could have easily been shown as slides maybe...
I like Dr Jose. I like his style, his way to convey the knowledge, the point, his humor. I think he is a very nice teacher. I am preparing AP Microeconomics test. I teach myself. I use Princeton review as complement. So far I am doing well.
Fantastic course, taught is a very simplified and at the same generating great interest. Nice examples and the flow in which professor went about imparting the course is a great example of how online course should be adapted. Thank YOU,
I enjoyed this course. I learned so much from it and felt that the quizzes were challenging. I also liked that when you get wrong answers the quizzes tell you what video to refer back to so that you can study the correct section again.
I loved the course, I would like to publicly express my congratulations to the professor who teaches this course.
I'm sure the University of Illinois is very happy with her work.
Go ahead and repeat my thanks and congratulations.
I loved the course! This was my first venture into hardcore econ and my first coursera experience and this set the precedent for a possible minor in college. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this to anyone trying to get into econ. 10/10!
It helps me learn a lot about how to make rational decisions, view strange phenomenons and benefit both ourselves and our society from economic aspects through the interpretation of the professor. Fabulous experience!
This is an exceptionally well designed and well illustrated course and I highly appreciate the efforts of instructor, his team and the University of Illinois for offering such an informative and professional course.
The course was very good. Professor José Vasquez is very clear in his explanations. There is a wide content, but the examples and tests make it easier to learn. The level of difficulty is adequate.  I recommend it.
Just completed week 1 of this course. Really good revision for my high school economics! Courses like this on Coursera help me to revise my knowledge continuously and improve my grasp of micro-economic concepts.
microeconomics course at coursera is the whole package. the teaching techniques are highly interactive and the professor articulates all the important topics in an eloquent manner . and moreover it is free.
Very interesting course, it is very easy to learn and understand the concepts even for someone who has no prior knowledge of the field because of informative, interesting & excellent teaching by Jose sir.
This course does a very good job explaining economic principles through examples in our daily life. I would recommend anyone who wants to take their first step in economics to try this excellent course.
great course, very interesting, loved the idea of changing locations, interviewing different people, idea of teaching through games. One thing I lacked at understanding was the graph of cost curves
It is a very well made course. Special thanks to Dr Jose for conveying the fundamentals of Microeconomics in such a easy and simple way which helps in developing a solid intuition for the subject
Its very interesting course. It enabled me to understand the basic principles of microeconomics . It will be much more advantageous for me in both academic and professional filed of my life.
The course was great. The material is pretty good, and the fact that you have the tutorials as complimentary to the video lessons, is a fantastic tool. I learnd a lot with this course!
This is an excellent, concise survey course on basic economics.  The instructor covers all of the major concepts.  This kind of course should be part of every well-rounded education.
This course play an important role in helping me to understand more knowledge about economic and because of this I am very interested in learn more knowledge about the economics.
Very practical and intuitive! The topics and examples are interesting and go beyong "company buys X and sells Y formula". Jose is a great lecturer with engaging way of teaching.
This course is awsome! It is very useful for understanding the theory of economy and the definition of some professional words. Hopefully it can be used in my study in future!
The course was intuitive and very interesting. All the examples were relevant and easy to follow.If anything, I'd prefer if the course progressed a little faster than it did.
This is one of finest course to know the basics and to enhance the microeconomics principles. Professor explained all concepts with simple examples that we will never forget.
Great course. Good instructor. Works through content by providing real life examples first and then going back into the supporting theory, which helps illustrate the latter.
Very simple and useful course for who want to learn microeconomy. I have learnt a lot of things about microeconomy when I couldn`t learn these on my university`s lessons.
I'm very pleased with this course. Every important area of Microeconomics are covered. The teacher expected everything in details and used different methods.  Excellent!
I'd recommend this course to anyone who wanted to learn Microeconomics. Mr. Jose has been a great instructor throughout the whole course. Really glad I took this course!
Well organized course.  Professor was interesting and used relatable examples in teaching different economic principles.  Nice mixture of business owners and students.
Prof. uses many vivid examples to illustrate the princeples of microeconomics. I am very impressed by them, which helped me to improve my knowledge a lot. Recommend!
Great course to get an introduction in microeconomics. I consider some of the examples and commentaries from the professor to be sexist, besides that it was good.
Practical and informative. A great beginner course, but also a course that will benefit anyone, regardless of educational goals, background, or career pursuits.
I audited most of this course without doing the quizzes and it's a great introduction to economics for anyone who has an interest in owning a business some day.
It is very good course for me as Portuguese speaker but the English is very clear. I like the lesson being addressed with example to daily life that very good.
I am a student majoring in  economics. Actually, the lecturers in my college made me disappointed about economics. But I get interested in it  in this class.
This is the best course to start exploring the feild of economics. I have completed the course and loved the way it was structed from beggining to the end.
Great course. Cleared almost all doubts in microeconomics efficiently.Explained with real life examples, hence showing use of economics in day to day life.
It is very good course, especially for those who are beginners. The professor gave introduction to all basic concepts of economics with very good examples.
The professor is very engaging with comparisons to the real world through videos and examples.  Other coursera economics courses were bland in comparison.
I learnt a great deal anout the basics of macro economics. It is a great course that will help surely help you in understanding and clearing the basics.
Our professor is so nice, and he can simplify many concepts and theories by adding proper examples such as interviews or games. So I did enjoy it much.
The course guide was awesome. The way he presented all topics, the best I could learn. If the class lectures slide were provided that would be better.
I have never come across such a fun and honest course before. With the perfectly presented examples, this course made learning so easy and relatable.
This was an amazing course! Kudos to the professor for making this a great and easier way to understand the basics of microeconomics on my own time!
just finishing the courses, you'll learn strategies to use in your daily life and will be able to make a better decision for yourself economically.
Very interesting course. The examples used by the instructor are very good. I found the quizzes a bit difficult, but I passed them all in the end.
Whether you are using this as a review or to learn the
basics this course uses fun, relevant examples to teach you the concepts.
Highly Recommend!
really really thank you for introducing me to this excellent world of economic and hope one day i can have the chance to study in this university
The best economics course I've taken, excellent professor, very interesting real-life examples, very detailed in each topic. Highly recommended.
A great course with an expanse of knowledge about Microeconomics. Mesmerized to understand the practical application of the principles learned.
Great introductory course. While it certainly lacks real life case study, the content is enough to know the basics to go forward in this topic.
This course  is absolutely  wonderful and useful! It really opens the door to economics for me! Everything is so detailed and clear. Love it!
it was a great experience completing this course , a wide array of topics were explained and concepts were explained with elaborate examples
It is an excellent course to improve your knowledge in Economics.  The course content is what you need to get insight into microeconmics.
Clear and comprehensive, with sufficient practice for beginners. Doubles as an effective revision tool. Could be less draggy though.
I really do enjoy the way the professor teaches the course. His examples have been what has aided me in parts that I struggled with!
really very well explained. I am from an engineering background and I had no problem in understanding this completely new subject
It was a great learning experience for me! Gave me an insight of economics from a different perspective. Thank you Prof. Jose! :)
Teaching method is amazing. It made me finish the course. Kudos to the professor! The course will make you learn economics more.
This is an outstanding course. From this course I learned that how to apply principle of microeconomics in our day to day life.
Well designed classes with a great professor. The examples he used in this course helped me easier understanding the concepts.
Great course and great instructor, with different teaching methods. The course just lacks a little bit of practice quizzes
This course refreshes my fundamental learning in Microeconomics Principles. The exam is awesome. Thank you so much.
Great course with fun to watch lectures. Many examples and interviews from real life. Nice teaching skills.
Excellent course. Informative and easy to navigate. Helpful in my overall understanding of microeconomics!
I like how interactive this course is and how the professor makes it really easy and interesting to learn.
Pretty Excellent! The concepts and principles given here describe and give us a true cosmovision of life.
I like this course so much, because the professor told so clearly and took so many interesting examples.
Really good explanation for beginners. Was able to invoke interest in me to learn more about economics.
Very good instructor. Course is pretty easy too. Enjoyed a lot. Grading quizzes could have been better.
This course is very easy to understand and it used a lot of daily life examples to explain the concept.
The principles in the course were explained with a lot of examples which made it easier to understand.
This was a superb learning experience!!!!!!Would highly recommend for learners across all categories.
The course is excellent.It gives you major insights of economics with live interacrions and examples
Very good course. Everything is very well explained. Assginments give you the opportunity to learn.
Great way to have a basic view of microeconomics as a beginner, and Yes, everything is economics :)
Glad I took the course, it will help me to have a positive-externality-effect on more people.
It’s very useful and convenient course for students, big appreciate to the teacher-Mr.Vazquez
I reazlly enjoyed this useful course and the way it was given. The teacher deserves 5 stars
I feel very happy to have this course, and I feel powered when I finish every week's quiz.
Awesome Course. I can safely say that you can do this course without any prior knowledge!
a good course, with Mankiw's book I can understand most of the teacher have taught.
Great course of microeconomics. SImple and clear explanations of complex concepts.
Dr. Jose Vasquez is one of the best teachers i've had the fortune to come across
Great experience! Great contant, teacher, and very aplicable to day by day life!
it was great experience for me as well as for my educational and learning skill.
Very instructive and easy to assembly, after 4 years I will see everthing again.
Easy and informative, devote 2 hrs per day max and you can do this in a week.!!
This is my first course on coursera ans my experience is not bad. Thanks a lot.
Very helpful！Clear and have a lot of interesting examples for us to understand
Great for beginners without any previous knowledge in the filed of economics
A very good course, proffessor Jose explained everything in a very good way.
Very good course. Informative and well explained. I really enjoyed doing it!
absolutely loved the course, and José's teaching and examples were fantastic
The fundamentals of microeconomics get cleared. The instructor is too good.
Very informative course. Taught me all the principals. Thank you very much
Principles are very well explained with real life examples! Great course!
This is a very good online course for learning microeconomics principles
very good teaching methodologies.. with great simulations and examples.
the course content is is depth understanding of topics and tutored well
Thank you so much for instructing Ana Pelayo.You are great, Ana Pelayo.
I will be brief: EXCELLENT!!! Dr. Jose Vasquez is an awesome teacher!!!
The ability to explain the concepts of the teacher was extremely good!
Top quality with real-life examples. Helpful for first time learners!
I wrote about Coursera on the final forum. Thanks for everything! :)
Thanks for coursera to give me a changce to study with Jose Vazquez.
Very solid and useful lessions.I'll highly recommend it.Many Thanks
Highly Rated. Examples from daily life help me to well understand.
Excellent course execution and lectures!  I would highly recommend
Thanks for your excellent teaching and good examples in economics!
very enjoyable course. helps to see things from a new perspective.
Great course!. Thanks to the people who developed and worked on it
It is an amazing course. Worth every bit of its opportunity cost.
a very nice way to learn the basic point of view of economics
One of best online teacher and best online course i ever had
This Course is easy to understand with professional lecturer
It was really an amazing experience listening to Dr.Jose  .
excellent course it enhanced my understanding of economics
Excellent course and instructor. Highly recommended to all
This was an amazing one! Dr Jose is an outstanding mentor!
Great course, learned a whole ton. Definitely recommended.
The course has all the basic knowledge I am interested in.
This course is really helpful. It broadens my horizons.:)
Speedy, light, to-the-point. Informative and interesting.
Very good course that opens a window of economics for me!
Great, I really understand now about the Microeconomics.
It was really worse the time, I have reorganized myself.
Funny and efficient for such a start-up student like me!
great course. easy to understand and a great professor
The course is great but the teacher makes it greater.
Very informative very easy to follow great professor
Great course to understand basics in microeconomics!
Basics but very effective. Prof. is one of the best.
its very good. Basic concepts explained very well.
Really great explanations of all of the concepts!
fantabulous vedios and concept clearing quiz.....
It js very good course. It is explore a new area
I found the course quite simple yet fun learning
Great topic, good lectures, excellent Instructor
The course was delivered in an interesting mode.
This course is very useful and teaches me a lot.
I like the course of microecomics is my favority
The contents are both concise and interesting.
It's extremely a great course about economics!
Basic course of Microeconomics - it is great!
It is challenging but affordable to follow.
Dr. Vasquez is an extraordinary Professor!
Easily understand and great course so far
Easy to understand and follow. Gr8 CoUrSe
Great course! simple and straightforward.
Professor José Vazquez is a great teacher
it was overall a very informative course
Thank you professor!! i LOVE the course.
Teaching process is very interesting !!!
Just choose this without any hesitation.
Helpful course, well explained concepts.
really amazing, insightful and excellent
explaining the knowledge in simple ways
Superb teacher nd superb teaching 👌🙌
best and easy way to study new things!
One of the best courses for economics
Really good course for beginners :)!!
Excellent course of microeconomics...
Clear, accessible, rich and necessary
great examples  , excellent teaching
nice course, teach me a lot, thanks
very helpful and interesting course
If not perfect but I would trying.
The lecture is very attractive.
I really recommend this course!
great. good for the beginners
very clear and easy to follow
Good course! Teach me a lot.
Great course. Learned a lot!
Thank u for the wonderful le
very good! thank you so much
Very good economics course!
the courses helps me a lot
it is best for learning.
Had a great experience !
It is helpful for me.
very clear and useful
Very good, excellent
I enjoyed this cours
best class ever!!!!!
the course was good
Very good teacher.
Amazing professor!
Really helpful!!!
wonderful lesson~
Surprisingly fun
Loved the class
It's so great
Brilliant!!!
Its helpful
top bro
