This class isn't hard but just feels like busy work.
The content was good. It addressed some topics to understand.   I am more upset with the surprise 10 page research proposal required for the course.  I would have NEVER taken the course and PAID money if I new that requirement for just a  certificate.
Great subject matter and content; but poorly managed by Admin behind the scenes.  poor follow-up to inqu
Peer review for this course is dysfunctional. Grades appeared to be given randomly. The lectures were informative, but the platform has issues.
While I enjoyed the lectures and information, I had a few gripes with this course. I was not interested in workload that felt like busy work, graded by random people on the web. There are other courses who have used small quizzes showing that we learned what the lecture went over, without me doing my own research and finding sources and hoping some random person likes what I wrote in a paper. The first peer review assignment was interesting, but the rest felt like a complete waste of time. I decided to just watch the lectures, as I'm here to learn things from someone who knows more about the subject than me. Thus I had to unenroll in the course after the lectures because I wasn't interested in doing an essay on some random topic.Also, another slight negative, the lectures were at times difficult to follow, since the instructor slows down and breaks up his sentences often, as he appeared to be coming up with the sentences on the fly, with only small notes of certain dates or study names instead of a full script to read/memorize. I had to speed up the video to almost 2x, and just read the manuscript to truly follow the sentences he was saying.Again, great subject... I wish there were more lecture information here, but the busy-work turned me off from this course. Please tell us the things related to the subject. Sure if we were in a university in class setting, the research and peer review makes sense, but an online course will sit better to a wider audience without an extensive research essay, especially peer-reviewed.
I'm giving it three stars because I didn't feel like there was a professor at the helm or a teacher assistant. If they were involved at all, they didn't make their presence known. If this is implied in the course description, it should be made explicit. That said, I really appreciated the videos and readings. The assignments need to be more clear and streamlined in terms of requirements. For instance, the final paper is mentioned and part of the final 3 assignments. Each assignment shares the ultimate goal of writing this thesis paper but each time it is mentioned, the assignment sounds slightly different and the information isn't complete. APA formatting isn't mentioned until the end but that would be good to know for the 3rd week assignment of building the references. The criteria for grading is also not in the spirit of this course. It is said from the beginning that as a peer reviewer we should not focus so much on the writing ability but the criteria covers technical things (like APA) that distract from the point of taking the course. This may be carried over from a letter grade course at U of I but carries less relevance to its current use. I hope this constructive criticism is read and addressed by someone leading this course.
Enjoyed the content and found the additional resources to be fantastic! However, the assignments left much to be desired. The assignments themselves were vague and the rubrics (IF provided) were not clear. The course also has a peer review system, which would be fine, but grades seemed totally random. One week I received two 100% markings and one 30%!!
Very easy to follow.  Very informative, particularly Week 4.  It's what I needed now for information and reasoning.  Thank you for the clarity of issues.
Great content! the peer graded assignments were a little too vague. loved the lecture/videos and additional reading/resources
Very much enjoyed the lectures, I wish the coursework wasn't as intensive. Would have preferred quizzes/reflection papers on the topics introduced during the video lectures.
I learned so much in this course, however, I have one complaint.  For 2 separate assignments one person, anonymous, gave me significantly lower ratings than the other 2 reviewers.  Shouldn't that person HAVE to give feedback so I can defend my work?  Getting 3/5 from that person on most categories upset me, when the other reviewers gave me all 5/5s.  I worked SO hard on my final paper, I think I should be able to see why that reviewer graded me down so significantly, and I should be allowed a rebuttal.
I learned a lot from this course. I thought I had a decent understanding of Race and it's effect on people in America and found that what I knew wasn't true (the worst kind of knowledge). There was plenty of good material in the presentations and the supplemental material and videos were very good. My eyes have been opened and I will seek out more information about these issues.
excellent course on the subject
I think it is wonderful to have this kind of course work available for free, and I am grateful to the professor and University of Illinois for doing this work. Thank you for the education, opportunity to think through these things and be exposed to better race history information that should have been taught earlier in schools. There REALLY needs to be a way to report graders who are purposefully downgrading other students. Since these classes are opened up to a very large audience with no prerequisites, it invites some people who don't necessarily have the right discernment and/or grade harshly for political reasons. For example, I was graded a '0' for references and citations on my final paper when there were citations throughout the paper (more than the minimum requirement) and more than 10 references (also more than the minimum requirement. 3 people grade our papers so, since the other 2 are fair, we mostly end up passing. However, it really isn't okay that are grades are far lower than is really deserved because of people with some kind of vengeance on the topic.
I absolutely loved all the material given from the Professor. I learned so much and I learned a lot from my fellow peers. This class was eye opening and I highly recommend it! Learning about race and it’s effects on society, has given me a much better understanding of what others different than me have experienced.  The only thing I’d change or wish could be better is more time for the final project to be completed. I am a stay at home mom and I had a hard time finding time to finish certain assignments. A few were easy to complete but for the Final project, I would have wished I had more time to produce a better project than the one I gave. Despite this, I earned a very good grade in the class.
The Race and Cultural Diversity in American Life and History course was excellent! Although, I didn't expect to spend as much time as I did on the assignments, it was worth it.  Through the lectures presented by Professor Anderson, supplemental reading and resources, and research done to complete the assignment, I have learned more about my cultural identity, become more aware of the ideology of race and how it has shaped the lives Americans from every ethnic background.  The only suggestion I would like to make is that some of the transcribed lectures be proof read.  There are many typos. Sonya Rosario
While it is true that some of the administration can be clunky, and the peer reviews, both given and received can be inconsistent, the course content was excellent.  Truly covering both race and cultural diversity, including ethnicity and religion, the presentations and supporting readings were engaging and thought-provoking.  Beginning the course, I was skeptical of getting lively interaction typical of a classroom setting, especially for such an emotional topic, but one upside of the peer reviews was the exposure to others' thought processes and growth over the duration of the course.
I loved the content of the course. I found it opened up a number of avenues for continued exploration and learning. The first assignment was great! I loved the reflective nature of it and it helped me to start to explore my own culture and perspectives. I have two suggestions for the course in the future: (1) make the assignments more reflective rather than the research based format and (2) the duration listed for the individual reading was not accurate. One time it said it would take 10 minutes but one of the included videos was 17 minutes.
The course content was phenomenal. I learned quite a bit; several of my misconceptions were smashed to pieces. I highly recommend reading and watching the supplemental materials. The RACE documentary was particularly meaningful to me. A couple of the assignments were unclear as to the exact expectations. The instructions would list one thing, and the rubric would grade on something else, or grade on something unexpected. I think a bit more clarity on assignment expectations would benefit this course greatly. It's still 100% worth taking!
The course taught me a lot of new information that I found to be very valuable. I can surely share what I have learned here in future conversations. My only critique would be that the course is not interactive enough. It was only based on peer reviewed assignments and had no in-lecture polls, quizzes etc. Also, the backgrounds/visuals were not very pleasing to the eye. I understand this is a course on a serious topic but those details count as well.
An excellent informative and well-explanatory course that every person living (not only) in America should take! Addressing issues that have always and still continue being -even subliminally- in the limelight and supporting, explaining them with historical and scientific facts can open the eyes of our contemporary society and make us learn and appreciate the beauty of our cultural richness and diversity that shapes the modern American identity
The lectures and related content were organized and well-presented. The assignments could have stated more clearly exactly what the expectations were, as there were aspects for peer grading that I did not realize were an expectation. I was able to see what would contribute to the grade by advancing to the peer review page, but that feels like a work-around.
I find the course to be informative, I am taking the course as part of my staying at home while on Covid 19. I am not taking it as a credit course but that I am interested in everything that I have read so far, I would like to read on, if possible. I've seen all the videos read the articles. I like to ask permission to go on.Thank you, MariaP.
The videos by Professor Anderson are very good. I would be great if the Professor or his team would be available for answering questions on the Forums, as well as students are indicated that the Forum is not to ask for their papers to be reviewed, but to exchange ideas and thoughts. The Faculty should have a more active role on the Forum.
The course was good in regard to information and easy to digest. The at your own pace and supplemental readings were nice. Assignments were a little confusing in regard to description and expectations. It would be beneficial to see the rubrics along with the assignment guidelines.
The content itself is interesting and well-presentedHowever, the issue arises with the given tasks. the mark scheme is only available once submitted yet is necessary to complete the task as it routinely differs in key ways from the task outline
This was a great, and very educational course.  My only constructive criticism is a lack of clarity for the assignments.  Some of the instructions weren't quite detailed enough to understand the depth of what was being asked for.
This was my first experience with a Coursera class and it left a very positive impression. I learned, I felt engaged with the curriculum and the assignments, and I had to invest time/energy into the work weekly.
I want to unenroll the course. I am having a hard time because it's too taxing for me... I really like the course but I cannot cope up... Thank you
I found this course both educational & compelling. I learned a lot. It would be nice to have news clips or video examples embedded in the course,
Very interesting content. Final research papers were interesting. Caught someone plagiarizing  and reported them.
I learned a lot and although the assignments were challenging for me, I am very glad I completed the course.
Great course. A lot of work for a free course, so might as well pay for it and get the cert!
self study, self discipline, materials were great.   keep on learning
good know this things around you
Good course. Dr. Anderson is clearly a prominent scholar and expert on the issues. Glad Coursera added the recent video of him produced these last few weeks [July 2020]. It made the course more current than its 2017 production date. To enhance the course, I’d invite Coursera to consider 1.  Updating the Resource Lists including articles, videos and research data. Some of our readings are dated. In light of all the information relevant to this topic coming out since George Floyd’s death, it is vetted and available. 2.  Give us TWO weeks to complete our final project. One week didn't seem like enough time to properly explore and write about the suggested topics. I am recommending the course to several people. I think it’s that good. It simply needs a tweak of attention to updates. Other than that, the bulk of the resources were enlightening.
This course is an excellent source of education! I learned so much, and feel so proud of myself for completing it, and getting grades that I never thought I could! Thank you, Coursera! :)
Outstanding course that will be as rewarding as how much effort you put into it.  There is plenty to learn and it is challenging to complete everything in 4 weeks, particularly if it's a busy time of year.  Keep this in mind as you pace yourself through assignments.
This course was very informative and provided a variety of resources and facts, both historical and current that I am looking forward to teaching my own children.
This was a great course! Thank you for the opportunity to take this course. I am also an two time alumnus from the University of Illinois' College of Education.  I don't know how I managed to graduate and not take this course.  I am very glad I did. I learned a lot from this course. My only complaint would be that I wasn't expecting to do a research paper. Luckily,  I am a professional researcher and a teacher (Thanks Illinois), but many of the general population may have struggled with this assignment. And the paper may have scared some people away. I would suggest keeping the paper, but giving more time to write, and also prepare a module to help newcomers learn how to write academically- especially in the social sciences. I will say though, I did get to read some pretty good papers, even the ones that were not the "best academically" it was still great to read other's work and their styles of reporting.
History is often painted from the conquror's perspective, and the racial or any form of discrimination is taught in biased way.The course was very informative and helped me improve my understanding of the subject.
Excellent beginning with loads of sources to recognize diversity on America. Many cogent topics to consider, too many to be in-depth but a great place to start.
An eye opening and well thought out course. I learned a lot and it gave me a lot to think about...
One of the gifts of Covid19 is that with few opportunities to
socialize and travel I have more time to educate myself in
topics I care deeply about. I enrolled in this course on the
suggestion of a friend to learn more about systemic racism.  As an
asynchronous, online course I must admit I did not have really high
expectations.  I knew I would learn something, however, I did not
anticipate the depth, quality and amount of work the course would entail. The
video lectures by Dr. James Anderson were captivating and organized
into bite-sized chunks making the weekly coursework very
accessible for the busy professional.  What I didn't expect was the
time it would take to write the Final Paper, but I must admit the time I
invested in the assignment brought both depth and breadth to my learning. 
I highly recommend this course!
I had to extend my deadlines a couple of times because I struggled a bit, probably mostly because I had not thought a lot about some of the concepts of identity and how my identity is perceived by others.  I learned so much in this class, not just US History that isn't taught in grade school, but how it relates to the current situations across the nation with questioning the methods of law enforcement and criminal justice.  This is an eye-opener and I am so grateful to have had this opportunity to take the time to study this and highly recommend it for anyone that struggles with these issues.  I fully expect that I will return to these resources and know now that I will continue to learn about these issues for the rest of my life.
This course has been a very positive experience for me. The lectures were informative, precise, and helpful in navigating race in my very own life and in the world, as it is today, especially. It has also been very uplifting to read and grade my classmates' work, learning from them and reflecting on their findings and resources. Thankful to have taken this course as it has been an enriching addition in my educational background and know I will continue to use the knowledge as I learn to make sense of the world around me, especially as an educator in the 21st century. Thank you for enabling us all to continue learning and educating ourselves, even while working from home during a pandemic!
The course content was great! The information was well-organized and presented well. The additional readings and videos were excellent. The assignments, however, were difficult to interpret. The assignment  descriptors did not always match the grading rubric. The assignments were difficult to complete and to grade because you couldn't see the rubric until you had submitted your own assignment and were reviewing someone else's. It would be helpful if the rubrics were provided with the assignment information so that the participants have a clear understanding of what is expected and how their submissions will be scored.
WOW. This blew my mind. It was unexpectedly rigorous. I took the certificate course. I wasn't expecting to write research papers but that was required. I loved it. I am a lifelong learner. And were it not for my desire to earn the certificate, I would have only watched the videos and read the articles. I would not have conducted my own research. But it was good for me. A healthy challenge, a learned so much, and it's got my brain morphing in all kinds of fresh ways. Outstanding. I will definitely be looking at Coursera coursers taught by University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, because it was such high quality.
I truly enjoyed taking this course.  I wanted to take this course to enable me to design a class for my high school curriculum on Race and Diversity for the 21-22 school year.  The lectures and the videos were particularly engaging and enlightening.  This course gave me a place to start for my own students, but more importantly, through the research that I did for my final paper, I learned more about me and how my own teaching needs to transform to be both more inclusive and equitable.
Great course. FYI, you can complete most of the work in the first two weeks in ~2 hours (except for any of the supplemental materials) but the last two weeks are way more than that. Much more of a self-driven course than something that was facilitated. If that's what you're looking for, then this is the right place. It pushed me to think more, do more and new research, and really address some of the things I've I needed to... but didn't know where to start.
Essential course for all teachers! The nuances of how race is social construct that is fluid according to different time periods is revealing of the bias in society. The omission of the sins of our nation opened my eyes and I gained a new perspective on culture and diversity. Teachers need to research and learn about American history from a source other than a textbook. This course offers an in-depth view of the real history of the American story.
This is an excellent course that will cause you to do a bit of self-reflection and learn a great deal about race and culture in America.  I found that I learned so many things that as a white person I had no idea about.  The course will challenge you a bit as well...if it has been a while since you've written a research paper you might want to make sure to have access to an APA manual--or just ask your high schooler---they can help!
Excellent! Dr Anderson brings together a diverse set of resources to help expand our understanding of race and cultural diversity in the USA both historically and academically. I've benefited much from this series and very glad I took the accredited track. It has helped strengthen the conversations I have with others who may think differently to me and the patience to listen more carefully. Thank You!
Dr. Anderson utilized historical references, methodologies, theories, and factual information to examine variations of race, culture, and ethnicity. The following course Race and Culture Diversity in American Life and History is highly-recommended. The following course offers thought-provoking content as well as assignments that will challenge or adjust your overall perceptions of culture in America.
Exceptional course.  The course was well-organized, incredibly informative, and filled with fantastic resources.  For anyone wanting to learn more about American policy that has influenced institutional racism in our country , this is the course to take.  Fantastic! I won't soon forget what I learned and how much more I need to research to be better informed!
The course was very educational and informative. There were  historically events  in American history that have shaped this country  that I was not aware of until completing the course. The format of the course was  flexible  to all full-time workers to complete  at your own pace. I am planning to take several more courses with Coursera. Great  experience..
This was a great course!  I learned a lot through analyzing my own implicit bias and learning about different races through videos, my own research, and reviewing other's ideas.  I definitely recommend this class to others.  I wish if a peer was planning on giving someone lower than a 75% (essentially failing them) that they are required to give feedback.
An absolutely exception course covering history right up to the present. Really puts race and ethnicity into perspectives.  The professor was very clear, articulate, interesting and knowledgeable about the subject.  Although there were weekly assignments, they helped to put to use all the things learned in the course.
Excellent Course!  Congratulation Professor James D. Anderson for the excellence in his classes ,, for his high level content expertise and course management.  Congratulation to the Coursera staff that has planned and organized the material in a very suitable way favoring the distance learning. Thank you all!
Dr. Anderson did an amazing job of presenting a very emotionally difficult subject. The content of the course was very interesting and at times difficult to face as it laid bare the political and ethical faces of racism. Thank you Dr. Anderson! You are much appreciated.        -=-Debra
Excellent presentation of information and the chance to discuss and explore race and cultural diversity in American life and history.I gained new insights from the lectures and course materials, as well as the presentations from my peers who were enrolled with me.
Professor Anderson does an excellent job covering topics on race and cultural diversity.  He provides lectures in a concise, easy to understand way and provides many supplementary resources for more in-depth study.  Excellent course on a very important topic.
Outstanding course. Being able to understand the racial history of the country and how that history impacts us today. If one wanted to understand why some of the problems that we face today are here, this class will explain some of the problems.
This amazing course deepned me understanding of transnational realities about the senses and meanings of race and culture in the Americas. Thanks so much, Teacher James D. Anderson. Your empathy was a quality differential in the course.
This is a well put together course which enlightens and educates with primary and very personal sources.  It has also helped me create within myself a greater awareness of racism in all its forms.  A very highly recommended course.
Very informative and thought provoking  class. Takes longer than the hours listed suggest. Ends with a 10 page research paper that is quite involved and may require more skills than some beginners are comfortable with.
Race and Cultural Diversity in American Life and History should be taught in High School to everyone. I enjoyed everything about this course! Many thanks to James Anderson our instructor! Keep spreading the word!
I learned a tremendous amount from this course and have a very different perspective on a multitude of facets of our society.  I sincerely appreciate the work of James Anderson and others who put this together.
The topics were good, and the professor clearly knows his subject. The final paper took more time than expected, but overall I felt like I came away with more knowledge on the subject.
exceptional course, very interesting, rigorous, however it keeps you on your toes.  Due to all the issues going on right now, what better course to take than this. Thank you..
This was a very interesting course.  I think everyone should take it.  I am a history buff and there were things I didn't know.  I am very glad I took this course.
This was a great class in which I learn many additional parts about US history that I had not previously known about or understood.
I think is  a course that everyone  living in actual society need  to take to widening  their world and reject prejudgment.
I learn a great deal from this course, with a thoughtful engaging professor. I would highly recommend this course.
Dr. Anderson was insightful and the materials were super engaging. I wish this were an in-person course!
Very thorough class and well organized to bring attention to many inequalities in our culture.
Truly broadened my knowledge of the implicit bias and systemic racism in our country.
A very informative course that is relevant to past and current race related issues!
Great course! Really eye opening on how the United States got to where it is today.
Excellent course. Just what I was looking for. This was time very well spent.
Very informative, both allowing for personal growth and creative thought.
Very informative and great opportunity to reflect on race in America.
Excellent.  I appreciate the thoughtful and accessible information.
This has been really helpful to me, and I recommend it to anyone.
Fantastic and insightful! Easy course load and interesting topic.
This is an excellent course.  Dr. Anderson is a great professor.
Excellent course. Great insights.
Great Course, great instructor.
Really interesting!!
