Poor instruction methods. The faculty lacks teaching and pedagogical skills. Sorry
too slow, assignments are irrelevant.
I need to unenroll the course
the evaluation is a shit.
instructional and good interface of skills by creating personas and user stories but some of curriculum was repetitive and predicated on venture design and not necessarily how agile and design thinking intertwine
Classes are ok, but there is no support at all, no advisors to answer your questions, even if you pay for the course.
I expected more about Design Thinking
The delivery is a little dry and there's clearly been some editing and rearranging of content. More than once, the instructor refers "back" to material that has not yet been presented. It's confusing and I ended up wasting time reviewing content because I thought I had missed it. Instead, it was just missing. or got a presenter much later in the course. There's a lot of repetition of concepts that seems pointless and the interviews don't really add to the understanding of the key points. The instructor also keeps referring to there being 5 courses in this specialty when there are 4.
This course is about product design rather that
than about agile management, so be wise
while choosing. In general, it contains a
number of interesting technics and a lot
of practical assignments where you can master you knowledges. It was a bit hard
for to concentrate on topis, because the tutor uses too much general words and
adjectives
Not of much relevant for people who already know  little agile.
The course provides a general overview. I wish the slides that were discussed stayed on the screen instead of showing the instructor while he was talking about the slides. Also, there were some typos. And lastly, the final assignment was a bit confusing. For example, it had certain prompts you were supposed to respond to, but at the end it of the document it tells you to make sure you included x, y, z, and the "z" wasn't included in the assignment prompts. The rubric wasn't always consistent with the assignment template either, so it wasn't clear what you're expected to do exactly.
Students need a bit more guidance with regard to formal (BA) terminology. Also, storyboarding needs to get some more involvement (practise). I liked the way was discussed and put into context.
Class design are not the best , some video are very long ,and the instructor speaks in a very plain ,long-sentence,dry way to lose interests very easily .
Longer than it should be
I felt that the course material was good. I like that you can save slides as notes for reference later.. the peer reviewing of the assignment is a bit of a joke though. I didn't get a lot of feedback. In fact, the comments were so lazy. When reviewing others work, I saw the caliber of work varied and it wasn't really clear to me if I was meeting expectations or surpassing.
The course seemed very good to me, I learned a lot and appropriated enough knowledge that I already had on agile frameworks. I give it a rating of 3 because the last task was a headache: I had no clear instructions, all the tasks I reviewed had different things. I strongly recommend that you review the instruction of this peer review and correct it.
More practical examples would have made this course more appealing to me. HVAC in a Hurry I thought was a very complicated example for general students. It could have been a lot easier if provided with an easier example. Overall, good experience but not great :(
Developing personas part of the course was very helpful.   There was a ton of material in the course, and can't help but think it could be streamlined.
While the content and the curriculum of the course is ok, the course is not moderated enough in terms of answering the questions the participants have
Examples could have been improvised and to be straight few of the videos were not interesting. Rest was good thanks.
I take effort to understand the and keep in track with the instructor, but it's a good content
the course for product management from Darden was so much better
There could be more content included and tested.
Overall, the content of the course is good and the examples are thought through. I also enjoyed the dry runs with actors. The one thing that could be improved perhaps is how the topics are being introduced. Sometimes it feels like the teacher is trying to make things look harder than they are, or at least he uses a rather complex way of explaining the concepts.
Overall very good course - the instructor seems to be very professional, with deep subject knowledge and expertise in domain.At the same time the way the information was delivered is a bit confusing for several reasons:First. The instructor doesn't make a proper intro into agile frameworks and processes and you cannot really understand in which part of the puzzle the design thinking fits in. If I didn't have basic knowledge on agile development methodologies I wouldn't really understand at what step and how should I apply the design thinking.Other confusing thing was the presentation itself. The presentation slides are overwhelmed with the information and texts, many times absolutely unnecessary, so that you have to stop the video to read them, but actually it doesn't give you any important additional information and doesn't bring any additional value. And the whole bunch of information you are trying to read on the slide is overlapping with a lot of information provided by the instructor, so all together it becomes very confusing and difficult to structure in your mind.The last thing - during the presentation the instructor uses the pen to underline/select some information which creates additional confusion and makes the whole presentation process kind of "messy".Overall I would recommend the course, but you better have some basic understanding of the agile processes before to start it.
My notes, I think, have captured all the essentials from the course. I will need to rearrange them into a handy reference. The exercises helped reinforce the learning and validate the templates. As for the final project, I somehow downloaded the wrong template. After puzzling over the rubric and that template, I searched and found the correct template. Appears that maybe one the papers I peer reviewed might have been on that incorrect template. The instructor lectures as though he was a long-tenured professor, but he actually comes from years of commercial experience. Very impressive. The course seems to be mostly design thinking, and little bit of Agile. That's fine. This course could stand alone as design thinking. If there is no other stand-alone design thinking course from this provider, this course could apply very well across many disciplines. It has some things in common with Google's internal Agile processes.As nice as this course is, I'm still sort of wondering why it's in the UVA curriculum. I guess core and specialties have broadened quite a bit in the last 10 years.The discussion of emotion and reward was very insightful.
A great course to start. IT bridges between Design Thinking and Agile. I found that very valuable, especially for Product Owners who need to understand what "Pre-Scrum" activities are required/helpful in their role, i.e. it doesn't make sense to define what you want before you know what you need.Some of the videos have a bit of lengths, if you're already familiar with the topic. But that might be part of the didactics for beginners.The Quizzes sometimes seem to be a bit 'awkward' - i.e. maybe they aren't very obvious for non-native speakers while they are for native speakers? It's often littel details, or rather the tone of the sentence, that seems to make it the right answer.The access to templates etc. is great although they are available in the internet anyway if you know where to look.The skits remind me the TV distance learning for English in the 70ies in Germany. I find the funny but not as usefull as they could be. But I like the idea.
I liked the course, it was good, and really prepared me for the user story portion. Or so I felt it did. I have not gotten my grade back yet. We will see if I actually understood. The only reason it is not 5 stars is the portion of the pier reviewed part, where you might have to grade someone who really did not understand what was being asked of them. Or you could be graded by someone who did not understand. Its just a difficult situation. If there was maybe a screener review for that, it would be a little better, but over all still good.
Great lectures, highly engaging. However, this course, and the rest of the courses in the Specializations, seem focused more on designing and executing market/product research methodologies. Agile, as a framework and as a practice, is discussed in length in two or three lectures only. If learners need in depth Agile discussions, you may want to check other courses for that. If you are into product innovation driven by designing studies on target markets, then enroll in this course.
Content was excellent. Grading process was a disappointment. When I submit an assignment, I must grade three others before my assignment is available to be graded. Three others must then grade my assignment before I receive an average grade. This sounds great in theory, but my assignment is stuck in limbo land. Perhaps it is because I am motivated - ahead of proposed schedule.I cannot afford to drag this course out; grading delays are extremely frustrating.
Good course, that covers the basic agile concepts for creating personas and user stories well.  The  instructor, speaks clearly although I personally found his pacing and word choice different enough that I had to pay attention else I'd have to rewind and re-listen some sections to glean  what was most important. I found the templates really helped, and forced me to be thorough and pedantic as I used them for the assignments.
The interest towards watching the videos geared up in a slower pace but ended up with highest gain towards the objectives. It's neither easy nor a difficult course to pursue. The presentation slides in the videos could have been visible for some more extra time as it contained lot more stuff to read. I strongly recommend everyone to do this course and I am sure you could finish it before the schedule as I did.
Helpful review and instruction on how to develop a narrative collaborative that is based on the user story, persona, and position statement.  This strategy will allow for more efficient development of software to meet the end-users needs.  An area of improvement is to provide a more time efficient lesson such as 30 minutes rather than 1 hour for a particular week of instruction.
The course material is invaluably helpful for anyone looking for a new approach to innovation and provides learners with a "method" or path for what often appears as magic or intuition. Assignments are a little bit too easy to complete imo and could be made harder to deepen our understanding and make information stick for the long run.
For the assignments, I think students should be given the option of picking from some  offered scenarios or using scenarios from their own experience. Coming up with my own scenario made the assignments much more difficult as it felt like more like an exercise in creative writing than applying the principles taught in the course.
Overall the course was excellent. However, towards the end, the skits became a repetition of content already discussed during the lecture. Also, the mid-lecture questions always had the correct answer as the first option.  Loved the interview with industry leaders like Bill Wake. Hoping to learn more in upcoming courses.
It would be nice with more than [Ted the HVAC tech] to clear things up, he is hard to relate to if you have another kind of software you want to develop.Othervise i really like the methods and the videos, the teacher is easy to understand, he has good points and is good at explaning his material.
Very well structured course for an introduction to Agile. Topics were presented clearly and skit made the course dynamic and fun Maybe some more activities / assignments on specific topics could be useful (would be great to have instructor feedback as well / not only from Peers)
huge course! a lot of information! a lot of useful things!one big wish - it would be much much more easier if you can create summaries for each week of the course same way as you did for the whole courses. It helps so much!Thank you for your great job doing this course!
This course completely changed my way of thinking. In the end, what all-important is whatever you are building should value to the customer so for that, you have to think with the customer perspective. Alex is a great teacher and Coursera application keeps us on track.
Great course, many insights, good teacher! I just miss a better integration with the forum and the peer graded assignment journey is not optimal (but the idea is very nice). If you want to write better user stories this is a great course to start with! I recommend it.
It is very dynamic, the methodology is good, the subject is very challenging and of a lot of learning, however, in my opinion it would be good to make it more practical, every week to take short exams and deliveries with the qualification of the classmates.
Great foundation to agile and design thinking. Overall, the material was cohesive and easy to follow. It appeared that the video content and slides provided in the resources section are no longer in sync which caused some avoidable extra steps.
Its a good course but little more examples and description on User stories, Storyboard would have been helpful. the course is extensive but concept register on mind is very little. More objective quizzes might make it more interesting.
I thought the course was very informative and a great foundation for the new few courses I plan to take. I only wish there was a better summary after completing each week. Better material to study vs a very long document to review.
Overal, this course delivers basic and theoretical concepts regarding agile. However, I'd like to see more concrete practices in real world applications. Maybe later courses could touch deeper on the practicality side of agile.
A very interesting approach, I learned a lot. This course might be a little bit hard for a non-native English speaker (I am confident in my English but sometimes I couldn't figure out what the authors meant by quiz questions).
I really enjoyed the material and the video lessons. But I am very annoyed with the evaluation method that students use, where they do not really care about analyzing the content and end up harming their study colleagues.
It is good in general.The instructor is thorough and provides lots of information and useful templates. I feel sometimes there are missing links in the explanation. The work load is fair and the exercises are helpful.
This is a great course for learners who want to get  a flavor of how design and agile meet. Not so much a course if you would like to create a new product. Really great for people who are already working on software.
Nice and informative training. The reason I don't give a full score is that I don't think the Peer Review works as intended. It seems to me that most people just give a full score and don't bother to comment at all.
In general, a good course but I miss more deep information on how to do better personas. Also the examples with the people doing an example in ¨real life¨are not helping at all.
Learned a lot about personas and how to draft one. I didn't know that before making a product or software, a team goes through this much research on their potential users.
A very good introduction to Agile thinking that gives insight in personas, epic and child stories, storyboards, the value proposition, amongst other things
The course is full of tips and tricks, and since I already have some experience on both Agile and Design Thinking, it really helped me connecting the dots.
Course was great! Alex touched most of the Design-Thinking fundamentals. Could have gone little more into details on prototyping and usability testing.
Terrific overview. Great materials to be used again and again. Good use of exercises to really help grasp the concepts and put into practice.
Good introduction to design thinking tools applied to agile methodology. Good level of examples to clarify use of tools on daily life
Wonderful teaching technique for working students that don't have an extraordinary amount of time.  The only issue I had with the cou
Like the courseDon't like coursera..... They take my money and I have to struggle to get access to submit assignments... NOT COOL!!
I think it's a good course, but more oriented to product design. I thought it will be covering more on software development.
Only challenge is getting people to grade your assignments in a timely manner but the assignments and the course is great.
Excellent videos, very practical examples and good instructor.It could be better if had some additional reading material.
Videos could be fewer, a bit longer. Split in large number of short clips made it harder for me to follow the storyline.
I liked the practical application, but the skits were so cheesy I just ended up fast forwarding, but the material was re
Great course I learned a lot about the topic that I'm using some of the main concepts for the projects at my work.
This course, really helped us shape up a story from an idea to value proposition with measurable action stories
The demos appended at the end of the course could be a little bit more integrated in the course.Really nice.
Good Course. Need to keep the simple example for better understanding. Overall I enjoyed the sessions
I think whole course was well explained but sometimes I had a hard time to get a key point in videos.
Great course. Only addition I would recommend is some more time on how identifying needs in the org.
Very good course content. Huge amount of valuable information could be acquired within a few hours.
Nice course but sometimes is hard to follow the structure of the contents. Still I would recommend
I liked the interaction between Design thinking and Agile  Stories ( I had an experience on agile)
Great course, it explains the basic Agile concepts and clarifies how to create good user stories.
Very good starter course for understanding the basics of user story development in an agile env.
Well designed course. Lot of information on how to actually practically handle agile designs.
Most of it was easy to follow.  I just wish there were ways to get clarity on some areas.
Well Crafted Course which includes testing theory with practice through Assignment.
Recommend this course as a good introduction. User Stories is most valuable part.
I like the course, although I think is too long for what it is explained.
Super great course. A nice balance between theory and on-hands work.
Very much like classroom, fully loaded with meaningful informations.
Ufff, great job this gonna help me a lot when i finish collegue
Instructor was very knowledgeable and gave real world example
I liked this course. It is really well structured and helpful
The presentation is very informative, but style a bit boring.
It gave a good insight towards Agile and design thinking.
a really good introductory course on Agile methodologies
Excellent course. Really beneficial for me and my role.
Probably it course can share more tools and references
Interesting and so helpful - tools explained clearly
Very well organised course with valuable content !!
Great course Very well presented. I enjoyed. Thanks
Interesting, insightful, well explained, practical.
Could be more elaborative and practical oriented.
Instructive course as an introduction to Agile
Quite useful but too many words
Perfectly explained concepts
great program to learn agile
This course is Really good
Very well explained!!
helpful content
Alex Cohen really knows Agile.  That is probably because he has real world experience starting new ventures and using Agile methods to deliver great software products.  Alex is super clear in all of the video sessions.  And a really big plus are all of the extra materials that Alex provides.  His website dedicated to Agile is also fantastic, super clear, and an extremely valuable resource.  In fact, the template provided to complete the course assignment is perfect for using with your own Agile team.Thanks Alex!
This course provides the basements in terms of concepts but also drives you to build knowledge by exercising. Describing personas and storyboarding were the best topics for me.
Excellent overview of Agile fundamentals, including explanation of personas, how to create user stories, and how to nest those stories within the design process. Useful to all members of the design teams as a way to rethink how to approach the process and better interface with users and customers.
Great course, recommend for who's a basic knowledge about Agile and would like to integrate with Design Thinking that make you will more understanding your customer (users) and know the alternate ways to connect and collaborate with your team
This course was an excellent introduction to Agile, particularly for a 'newbie'.  Having heard about Agile I've been interested in learning more and found this course to be exactly what I needed.
This course structured my understanding of User stories and approaches how to identify and describe personas and use them for creating User stories. Thanks!
This was a very useful course, even if you understand or have used agile practices like I have. I found this course helpful in sharpening my skills, particularly with the use of personas. The content of the course is appropriate, professional, and applicable. The instructor gives clear explanations and examples, and I found the content engaging. The videos are short, so learn at your own pace. The assignments were good practice to reinforce the techniques learned. I also found the materials to be very useful. Lastly, I liked the guest speaker videos. That adds variety and perspective to the content.
A great refresher if you're already in this way of working.  Some useful tools to add and great reminders about the purpose/why working in these ways is an improvement on waterfall, especially in a creative environment.
This course and all the other modules of the Agile Specialisation is awesome. Alex is a great teacher and the things he teaches are very practical. The videos from the experts are great too, it gives a realistic point of view on the topics of interest. I especially like the resources provided with the course. Alex`s website is full of useful and practical information such as the Venture Design Template. I feel like I can start the job immediately after I complete each module. Alex - thanks for your style and humble approach on the topics of you accept that you are not an expert (such as mood boards etc) and yet try to provide some useful guidelines to us. Finally I am happy that there are assignments that force us to practice what we learn and they are designed in a smart way. It is really great that there are not only quizzes but also these assignments that I really feel I learned something after I pass the assignment. It also showed me how hard some of the topics can be and that need so much thinking than just watching the video and saying that `yeah, it is straightforward!` cause it is not that straightforward and one need to spend the time to think over these topics and practice.The only thing that I don`t like much is that the assignments are also peer graded. I wish to have also an expert`s correct and true opinion. Also peer assignment grading should be a little tougher as it is hard to fail someone`s assignment that really needs to fail. We should be ready to fail if it is deserved but it is hard through the grading rubric.
Although I've been a PMP certified project manager for many years, I am fairly new to Agile.This was the 1st course I have taken in the Agile Development Specialization program.The results of this class were everything I hoped for and more.I gained a solid foundation in Agile.Alex's teaching methods are clear, concise, and consistently presented throughout the course.Each of the 4 module's video presentations with numerous whiteboard presentations followed by a final quiz really helped to learn the material. And there were checkpoints spread throughout the videos to reinforce what was learned. Additionally, Alex brought in guest video presenters several times in order to provide perspective on previously presented material.The assignment at the end of the course, with peer reviews, was very very helpful in pulling together everything learned in the 4 modules.Well done and highly recommended.
My initial feeling was this is a just another online video session. But when i went through the course, i could see questionnaires based on the topics discussed in every 3-4 minutes. This makes the session interesting and engaging. Assignments and quizzes at the end of the modules are fabulous ways to understand more concepts. Interview sessions with Billy and others where the real highlight as i could hear the concepts and their thought process. Skits & mock-ups of actual Agile meetings was really a good way to understand what should happen in stand-up session. Documents in resources of User Story and persona where really helpful and guiding factors to understand more on how to derive your Persona and problem statement. I had lot of learning and enjoyed the course.
The value of this course exceeded my expectations. The course contains lots of useful, relevant and well-structured information related to Agile practices and Design Thinking. I knew about Agile before taking the course, and had been practicing it for some time in one way or another, but this course has greatly improved my understanding of basic principles of agile and, more importantly, taught me some very specific approaches and methodologies which can be applied to real-life projects. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in Agile or IT development in general.
I really enjoyed this course, it was interesting and engaging.  The presenter was excellent as is the course material.  I liked that there was supporting information provided (like the videos with the leaders in Agile).  I've been working in quasi agile environments for ages and can see how we can improve the process.  Also, as I usually work as a Business Analyst, I can take away some of the techniques to use there even if the project is being run in the old style waterfall approach.  The course works led nicely into the assessments.  All in all, very well executed.
I really enjoyed the course and it has enabled me to approach design and my work with a different approach. Alex, has done an amazing job with he coursework and simplified a difficult topic such that it can be understood and practiced by the masses.The assignments have good examples and links to relevant subjects to make a holistic learning experience. I am abysmal with my fine art skills and cant draw, nevertheless whilst doing storyboard Alex provided the link to storyboard your story with ease and it helps a lot. It was my first storyboard and I enjoyed it.
although this is my first time in learning about Design thinking, I'm happy to say that I love the way Coursera put together the specialization. I am really excited about what I have learnt so far, most especially in this first week alone! for instance I got to here about  the importance of instrumenting observation at the design and experimentation stage of a product and releasing in small batches as way of achieving expected outcome.I look forward to more opportunities to learn more about Design Thinking under Coursera and her partner institutions.Thank you
Lots of new things to learn, developing the art of organising information into practcal stories, that makes for creating product in manageable and testable batches is commendable accomplishment for me. The course will help me make sense in this VUCA world where clients also, most of the times, arenever clear on what they want, and the scope actualy develops over the project life cycle. This methodolgy will help retain the flexibility to change at the point of creation and testing the change to ensure the overall journey is in the right direction.
Very insightful discussion of Agile. I found a lot of similarities with Design thinking, another topic of interest for me. The examples and exercises were also very practical and easy to follow. What really helped with the course were:1) The bite-sized length of videos. The focus of each video was clear and easy to digest. There's enough break between topics to allow for reflection and processing.2.) The occasional question and activity prompts helped a lot in deepening understanding of the lessonsKudos to Alex Cowan for this course!
I am not new to Agile Development, but i had no idea what to expect about Design Thinking. Alex Cowan and this course helped me a lot not only with more than a basic understanding of what Design Thinking is and how to use it with Agile, but it also showed me how to improve my way of working with Agile itself. I am now appalled by the user stories i wrote up until this course. I strongly recommend  Agile Meets Design Thinking to any Agile practitioner, Product Owner, Product Manager and Project Manager.
This course from the University of Virginia (UVA) of 5 weeks was amazing learning. The teachings from the instructor, serial entrepreneur and Stanford dropout Alex Cowan was so practical. It felt as if I was in his class- face to face - with the Coursera platform. The real-life project problems, the students shared, from SAP SCM by myself, Salesforce SFDC from Brazil, CRM case study from Switzerland, Auto Routing of breakdown service from Japan and many others was truly a global village of learning.
Its the  best a  an IT professional or product development expert has to keep handy with,as software and aspiring entrepreneur,it personally taught me a lot and changed the way i go about my development. If you ever want to have certainty over the market direction of your product,Agile Meets Design thinking might not be the only but is the best way to go.Thumbs up to the organizers of the course, it was not only well taught and delivered but fun and engaging.
As a tech marketing executive, I want to make sure our outbound messaging and campaigns are focused on the key strengths of our products and services so we can stand out in the marketplace. This class gives me the tools to build out messaging and campaigns on the various personas and user stories. Moreover, it gives me more credibility with the engineering team so they will feel more of a need to partner with marketing and bring us in early in the process.
A very well structured course that enabled me to get the deep dive into what is agile and design thinking. Must appreciate if you could please add slide of take home that is crux of lecture at the end of each session. In actual when you are learning all alone you can have different ways to perceive things so in order to keep the user confined and to align his thoughts with what the teacher taught we must have main points of each session at the end. thanks
My first time using Coursera. In many ways this course exceeded most face-to-face training that I've experienced: the ability to rewind, capture notes easily, use discussion fora, peer review work, access supporting online resources...and most of all the quality of the instructor who was clearly very experienced, built rapport (despite the one-way platform), and was very articulate.If this the quality of all their offerings then I'll be using them again.
Professor Alex Cowan really steps out of his way to make this course as accessible, comprehensible and paced as possible. With tailored, hand made course materials, this course gave me everything I needed to absorb it's contents. In the end, all I have to say is that this was one of the most engaging Online courses I have ever taken, i come out of it feeling confident on the topics it integrates, and of course: The skits WORK!
This is by far one of the best courses I have taken through Coursera! The audio is clear, Alex is well-spoken, and he is clearly a leader in this field. As impressive as his course is, the resources included are absolutely invaluable. If you're looking to further your education in Agile, or just need a thorough, easy to follow recap, this should be top of your list. Do yourself a favor and check out his website, as well.
Fully enjoyed the course. Made me think how Agile and Design Thinking approaches can be useful not just for IT projects, but for any other intellectual product development, including design of learning materials, EX processes and other human experiences in organizations which I am more familiar with. Definitely recommend the course for all who want to learn the basics of Agile and improve their creative narratives.
So far this course is awesome, as a marketer by training it's really easy to digest and the principles are easy to understand. Very close-in to what you've learn and already know as a marketer but offers a different framework to think about consumers and insights in a more interdisciplinary fashion that requires collaboration and group problem-solving. We should have all been on agile methodology a long time ago.
This is the second course that I have done with Alex Cowan and Darden and find him to be absolutely brilliant in the delivery and description of the material and making it easy to understand. I originally planned to do just one course in this specialization. I'm enjoying it so much, I'm going to do the complete specialization and look for more courses from Darden or Alex Cowan once I'm finished.
First course of the specialisation "Agile Development Specialization".You will learn Agile origins, how to create personas, problem scenarios and alternatives.You will search for a good software idea and create a storyboard.It's a really interesting and complete course.I recommend this course if you are ready to do all the specialisation because doing this course only makes no sense.
I like this Agile course and going to register next others. It is good because the course that teach about thinking, normally not easy, but Alex can explain it efficiently and make me understand step by step of thinking process. And this course often encourage me to think what & why.If we have the correct thinking process, I am sure that the outcome will be good as well.
This first course in the specialisation was a great practical introduction to what agile is really about. I discovered I already had a design thinking approach in my daily practice although much less organised :-),  I'm looking forward the next modules!Just a note, if you're looking for an agile handbook (i.e. tech tools and terms) this might not be the course for you.
What a fantastic course. Its not just that Alex is a fantastic prof which he certainly is but its about provide ample opportunities to practice and structured templates to work with that made me really engage with the material in this course. I would highly reccomend this to anyone who always wanted to incorporate design thinking into their work as a product person.
Alex Cowan is a great instructor. The way he explains the subject is clear, concise but most of all engaging. His material on his personal site is very thorough and provides clear answers to the questions we usually ask when embarking on a new software project. I will be completing this certification because I think it's worth it. Thanks for the experience.
Awesome course that definitely required some dedication indeed. The quizes were fun because they were challenging ... there should have been a way to randomize the questions better because the questions were awesome but repeated in different tries to improve my scores ... and so, it became easier to correct your mistakes (that's a positive actually).
Really great course that gives a profound overview as well as demos and exercises to practice important steps like writing personas and problem scenarios. Great resources also on the professor's website that are integrated in the course and are really helpful. Thank you, Alex & team! I can really recommend this course and the entire specialisation.
A fantastic course, which I would recommend to anyone with an interest in agile thinking. I learnt and gained real value from this course. I discovered new and alternative ways of problem solving which takes the end user into consideration and how to effectively know my target market. Overall I really enjoyed this course as well as the lectures.
Very good course.  Excellent material and good coverage of the subject matter.  Lecturer does a very good job of presenting the information in a clear, easy to understand manner.  Exercises are well thought out and provide practical experience with the material.  All and all great course.  Can't wait to take the second part of this series.
This course gives a very usefull tools to focus on delivering more value to users. Nowdays, it's necessary to have a better understand of personas's environment and how we can deal in a good way with daily companies'e problems. I congratulate the teacher of this course for being clear and direct with agile's key ideas.
This course gave me a systematic approach to put the problem from customer perspective very clearly. Creating stories, understanding a persona with Think, See, Feel & Do, brings out many unique aspects of the persona, which later helped for creating action points to provide solutions to be problem. Thank you, Ganesh De
It might sound strange, but there are only a few good courses that really deal with agile development. This course is definitly one of them. I have enjoyed the format of this course and the journey it took me through. The live interviews with experts from the industry are a great bonus to the learning. Thank you Alex!.
I really loved this course on agile because it introduces Personas and user stories in enough detail to get started. Needless to say the videos are pleasant to watch and the materials are very comprehensive. I didn't subscribe for the certificate because I won't be applying agile to software design. Great job!
This course was such a great introduction to Agile. Since I work full time, I was worried I wouldn't be able to complete tasks by the due date. Thankfully, this course gives a reasonable amount of time to review and complete assignments, and gives valuable resources that I'll be able to use in the future.
I enjoyed this first course very much.  Although I had 1 year of on the job experience and training with Agile, this course gave me some much needed background and further insight into a process that works. I was able to instantly find ideas and thoughts to share with the other Product Owners I work with.
Great stuff! The instructions are clear and detailed. So much to learn. Though it is presented it in such a simple manner, it does need attention; you cannot just 'Phone it in'. I felt out of my comfort zone the whole time but this was the best part; learned so much and looking forward to more.
Great course! After completed this course, I feel much more confident of what to do to create personas, define problem scenario, and create a strong value proposition. Alex tough me many new digital product development tools. I hope to apply what I have learned to future projects. Thank you!
a fantastic introduction to agile personas, problem scenarios, value propositions, and user stories. I have some experience in agile methodologies, bu this course had new things to teach me every week. Not just for 'beginners'. thoroughly enjoyable as it is so well constructed and presented.
Great course.  Instructor is interesting and motivated, and clearly has industry experience. Assignments contributed to my understanding.  I learned a lot about Agile and how to apply it to my projects.  Recommended for everyone wanting to learn about this important and popular methodology.
It was one step ahead, I learned concept of design thinking in my college BIMTECH and it was one of the best subject I studied till date. And I joined this course to learn more about agile culture and I am very glad I did. Learnt a lot and will try to finish rest of course in this bouquet.
Liked the practical aspects of the course, because Agile practicing is an every day's effort based on empirical data derived from customer's communication and main part of the job are well written user stories to form a concrete and valuable proposal to the customer needs/problems.
A very good introduction to a design methodology you can use in Agile software development or in development period.  The worksheets from Alex Cowan are useful and can be used right away for other projects.  I used what I learned to design a house remodeling project with my family.
This course brings you the skills to carry your ideas to match correctly the user and customer needs, with very strong user feedback by creating user stories, test cases, child stories is a very structured method. It is a very helping course when you apply it to your development.
I got the financial aid from Coursera, and I found this course amazing! I was doing similar things at my internship in consultancy before the covid-19 outbreak, now my job is stopped, but I keep learning here.Thank you so much and I hope I can continue with the specialization!
I could understand clearly the explanations. I found myself enjoying doing it and it's very ease to keep learning. To fully understand some points I had to use the material from the web site of the teacher and it helped a lot. I'd like to suggest I resume of what we learned.
Great course! Really well thought, very organized framework, and engaging teaching. It will stretch you and encourage more deliberate thinking and help you better connect with your end-users to then create more valuable solutions for them while meeting business objectives.
Great course!!! Really interesting how Design Thinking can help us improve the way we create new products using Agile approach.Centered in subjects related to personas and the problems they face as the best and only way to create real value products for the actual market.
Its a great course, I have it seen such course. Before 2 years i have taken one course was User center design, it was one of great course about design thinking, But this course combined agile with user center design. If u take this course  then you will be best of best.
This is an awesome course and while having lots of agile/scrum experience, adding Design Thinking techniques totally makes one even more obsessed with the customer and product point of view. Thanks for offering this course, will be using at work designing solutions!
I totally recommend this course. Well prepared, interesting interviews done by Alex to several professional with well-known reputation, good explanations, and well-prepared exercises. It’s totally worth to invest your time and money if you want to start in Agile.
The fundamentals of design thinking, explained succinctly, in bite sized pieces for beginners, to start the storyboard of success.Thank you Alex Cowan for your flawless mentorship, and especially designing the skits to help us better understand the scenarios!
Very well designed course. Studying it, I realized how much can be achieved while working by AGILE methodology. IMHO, everybody should take the "Getting Started: Agile Meets Design Thinking" course, even if they're not working in software development.
Excellent course for some one wishing to take Agile fundamentals from knowledge to action. The assignment teaches the development of problem statements, alternatives and propositions. These are then developed into epics and child stores for sprints.
Inspiring Alex Cowan helped me to understand core value of Agile. I thank you for the good prepared materials, skits, Venture Design program - everything! I ma using all techniques in my project so I hope to avoid all mistakes which majority make
Really useful and interesting course!It surpassed my expectations by far. The knowledge and understanding of Design Thinking and the simplicity that it was presented and connected with Agile was truly remarkable.Would definitely recommend it.
Great course for anyone who's interested in learning Agile! The entire specialization is excellent, and this course give a great intro. Alex Cowan is incredibly knowledgeable, plus he includes a lot of interviews with other industry experts.
I had no prior knowledge of AGILE and this course helped me to define what is AGILE, what changes propose, what values propose, what hinders them, and how to develop and think about my users and coworkers in a more thoughtful way.
the course is clear and has a good mix of explanation and examples. assignment helps to practice and review elements of the course which might have left not understood or misunderstood. collateral material is interesting and clear
Awesome Course!! This course perfectly explains how a Team can develop a highly valuable and usable product/software/solution using concept of Agile Design Thinking. Thank You so much Alex for designing such a wonderful course!!
Hands on, instantly usable learning experience with a hint of humour - a great combination. The ratio between videos and tasks is great, easy to stay focused and to divide the course into sections to accomodate a full time job.
Learnt a lot on how to Humanize the Persona which helps create better EPIC & Child Stories. Also there is a logical way of getting to the root of concerns / issues Persona face and a proper analysis to addressing these issues.
Really useful for giving an early insight into a career in tech and lots of transferrable skills that can be used in any team environment. Alex Cowan is a great lecturer and presents the material concisely and eloquently.
This course give so much knowledge on building solid foundation on creating great product/project. Specially the skits provided are done brilliantly help reader understand piratically. Mr. Alex you're amazing. Thank you
Alex Cowen really does a great job of "keeping it real" and easy to understand and follow.  The quizzes are short but make sure you understand the key points and the assignment is relevant and drives home the concepts.
Excellent material, easy to follow lecturing style that kept me engaged in small enough chunks that were easy to fit into what ever spare time I had. I also learned a lot grading peer assignments which was also great.
Alex Cowan works hard to deliver the course. He knows the subject inside-out and he is generous in his sharing. He inspires me not only on the subject but also on what generosity in sharing of knowledge looks like.
Excellent Course, fully recommended.  This course enrich and update my background education to strengthen my abilities in Agile field and recognize the important aspects of the Agile in modern business environment.
I really liked the teacher and the course. With rich examples and study cases that usually are not find in this kind of courses. I found this course with the correct balance between theoretical and practical parts.
Great course! Loved it, very structured and practical. Definitely laerned a lot, and gained very useful templates for future use in Agile Design planning and execution. Thanks for making in available on coursera.
I have just started week 1, so my feedback is rather narrow, but I really like the introduction part and the interactive session with Bill Wake and Crag Cohen. And overall the modules are very carefully planned.
This is amazing course and well organized by Mr. Alex. He is a great teacher and easy to understand him. It has a lot of useful information about Building persona and user stories. Thank you so much! Mr. Alex.
Meticulously designed course! I urge all aspiring product managers to undertake this course to further deepen the understanding of product management. Well designed and executed course! Thank you Prof. Cohen!
Great for the layman with zero IT background to learn how agile ops-tech teams apply methodologies to create more user-centric products.Video lengths just right and engaging content and delivery by professor.
This course has a peer reviewed assignment which was great because I could apply the concepts taught o my work during the class - not taking up yet additional time. It really has helped my understanding.
Fantastic course. I suggest having a new product / business in mind then taking the course as a step by step guide to design thinking your problem through vs the alternative (inferior) ways of launching!
Very good course! The lessons are very didactic and easy to understand.Also, there is a very nice approach I liked, which is a practical example of each part of the methods.I fully recommend this course.
Great stuff.  This guy explains and illustrates concepts clearly, uses the pedagogical tools intelligently and sweats the presentational details.  I'm excited about going deeper into this specialization.
I absolutely recommend this course for everyone who really wants to develop their skill or want to learn new skills. this amazing course will assist you to understand the user in a more strategic way.
Apart from the fact that it is easy and very understandable to follow Alex's lessons, the mixture of theory and practice, also in the tests to be submitted, is excellent. The course was a lot of fun!
Rich and well-structured content about Agile and Design Thinking, shows how to approach and include personas that will somehow be touched by the solution being created, and deliver outcomes to them.
Thank you for this course. I get know experience and knowledge in using different kinds of online tools which are useful and effective. I'll use some of them during my lessons. And lots of thanks.
The most I like  about this course is that it has a lot of examples and practical tasks. I mean the education is not based on the theory only. I think Alex and his team did a great job. Thank you!
Great course. It's not too self-contained, however. I understand a lot of the material makes more sense in the context of later courses in the specialization. Cowan is an understanding teacher.
The Course is a true recommendation. Mister Cowen explains really well and the example company makes the Agile very clear. In my opnion, this course is a real valuable asset for learning Agile.
It's a great overview of what can be achieved with putting agile into the center of discussion and why is it important, and also how to achieve those goals which are set out in a practical way.
It was a wonderful exercise for me to have a unique understanding to the specific people having a specific task. I really groomed myself after having this course in my professional life.
This course really helped me to approach Agile in a whole new way. I have a lot to take away from this course. I would really implement my learning from this course into my daily work.
Excellent course to immerse me into this new world of Agile. Appreciated the details and consistency of examples to build my understanding. Enjoying this journey to new understanding.
A complete and perfect guidance for people willing to learn or already working on Agile. Assignment provides a hands on experience, which helps to work and move on the path of Agile
All kind of professional should take this course. It will add definitely different point of view in your career and even in your personal life. Thank you Alex for this great course.
Thank you very much for a well prepared and well done course. A balanced ratio of video learning, quizzes and exams of knowledge allowed me nice and useful learning for the future.
Great insight into customer focused development. Still a leap to go for non software products, but way closer that anything I crossed before. Absolutelly worth the time and effort
I would have given it 4 stars only because when stuck on something, I really didn't know who to go to but if you review the lessons, you can easily find what you are looking for .
Watching the videos has made taking this unit much easier and more efficient. The material is at the right level of detail and each topic is explained well. Love Coursera also!
Very ideal for working professional.  Lot of new materials as processes and Agile challenges  are evolving, a good course to enroll. Lot of earning happened with challenges..
really enjoyed this course, learnt quite a lot of new techniques which I will put into practice, very practical, pulling it all together in the assignment was very beneficial
An incredible opportunity for nontechnical cofounders. It helped me articulate my user's needs to my developers clearly. It drove a lot more value in our product development.
well thought out and structured class. The inclusion of skits were particularly useful. Enjoyed the class as it has practical application to my work with tools and practices.
A beneficial course for anybody who is in software or solution development. Either a manager or team, it gives insight into collaboration and customer's need identification.
Awesome course on how we develop empathy and understand how our persona think, see, feel and do things to identify problem scenario and deliver better value proposition.
I liked the course very much. When I started everything was so new to me. Now I look back & I can talk about I've learnt and I can use all I've learnt. Excellent course.
Great course. Alex does an excellent job stepping through the materials and providing supporting resources. I really like how he structures /presents the subject matter.
Just a wonderful course filled with rich details and priceless experiences. A must-see for all those seriously interested in management, whatever your field or industry.
This is a nice course for people who want to clearly understand what is a customer's need by asking them the right questions and documenting them in a structured manner
Very practical course with lots of worked examples and templates - I can immediately relate this to my work and wish I had known some of these techniques in the past!
Course is well designed to undertand the persona and problem scenarios. Also, it give good insights as to how to write effective user stories and related test cases.
Fundamentally Strong in Process and Lean value ( delivering what the customers really means), also with great "gut" to go out there and experiment and then decide.
Great course even for someone with experience in agile. It is a really good course drilling down to the fundamentals of what it means to be agile in a corporation
I loved every step of my course, a big thank you to Alex and classmates. I also thank the coursera support team who helped me when I was blocked by the payment.
The course is useful and explanation is quite practical oriented so it helps beginner to learn properly. And also the case study helps to get great experience.
I found this course very nice and beneficial to my professional thinking. It make me rethink the way I thought about requirements collection in formal methods.
An eye opening approach to innovation that encourages deep engagement with users.  I'm looking forward to using what I've learned in the businesses I support.
Very good learning experience. Great content and the instructor had a superb command over the topic. A must have course of product owners / product managers.
Excellent material, good quizzes, and most important - very good peer review exercises, required some thinking and time to do our own, and review the peers'.
It is a great course to understand the bases to define the problems, users and align the applicants, users and developers to start working in an agile way.
Good course. Introduce you to agile methodology, and show how to do first steps in agile development. Also the is excellent, interesting assignment project
The first few weeks is very dry and difficult to get through. After week one, things definitely picked up and felt more understandable, and far less dry.
The instructor is structured, articulated and engaging. I found the assignments really helpful to dig deeper and assimilate the materials. Great course!!
An insightful yet easy to understand course. I believe it would be better if the course provides more example of how problem scenarios and user stories.
This course is great, it has finally given me the language I need to speak to work I have been doing but did not know had this much structure around it!
Its very good it gives a you a different approach and faster to find a solution or can provide a service with an approach to create something valuable.
Great introduction to Agile and core concepts.  This course really helped me understand the practical use of Lean thinking and Lean Startup principles.
It is one of the best courses on Agile I've come across on the internet. It really learned alot and it helped me a lot in my Job as a product designer.
A very well constructed course. Got insights into the various approaches in agile methodology. Appreciate the work and the classes by Prof Alex Cowan.
This course is amazing. It opens my mind to how to design things focused on the user and will help me in all my life situations. The teacher is great.
a  must have skill set for anyone working on agile environment. solid and structured approach on how to understand a problem and build a user story  .
Great course explaining agile fundamentals and starting to teach design thinking. These methods need practice so final assignment was really big one.
Extremely relevant course for someone aiming a career in Product Management. Also explained in a very intuitive and simple way. Definitely recommend.
The professor has done a great job unearthing a very deep understanding of Agile. I would recommend this course to anyone who is serious about Agile.
This course details the significance of having a well-structured Persona and problem scenario. It pushes you to think and write apt user narratives.
Awesome for people wanting to learn more about Agile methods and practices. The course's resources are very well done. A knowledgeable instructor.
Excellent, very insightful course on how to approach Agile. I can see we've missed a few steps in bigger projects, now that I've done this course.
Really nice course to begin with but better to go through all the specialization to get a broader idea of the connection between Agile and Design.
Excelente course, the instructor is very didactic as the course is easy to understand even to a person that don't have previous knowledge, as me.
Refreshing contents as well as learning new aspects of the Agile and Design Thinking. Also profited from the experience shared by the instructor.
eeehhfhfhfhfjflklklkcourse to give importance to people in the agile environmentent course to give importance to people in the agile environmentv
Very useful. Up to date and comprehensive. Great instructor & exercises. Appreciate to have a background running project to apply the lessons on.
Great course with the hand-on approach really helpful. Definetly learned something here despite having worked in agile environment for 3+ years.
Incredibly informative, Professor Cowan was excellent. Loved the sketching, marking on the fantastic engaging slides. Very useful, all material.
Very well structured and focused onlie course that provides a good introduction into agile and links it to the design thinking process. Thanks.
This course has given me really valuable methodology to thing about new processes, how it is important for users and for the company overall.
Great course. Challenging. Brings new perspective and deep knowledge about the persons I want to innovate for. Very good Material available.
Very well designed course. Certainly recommend it, whether you are new to agile or want to brush up your skills. It is well worth the time!
Excellent course. Very helpful and easy to follow with great tests and helpful content. The assignments are very interesting too.Thank you.
Amazing Course , i learned a lot, makes me see think a lot about  other workers and colleagues how they feel what is important and so on !
Awesome lectures, quizes, assignments and materials. Really enjoyed it. Everything is well organized and I feel it will be really useful.
Great videos. Easy to follow. Make sure you have an idea for your persona and project early on so you can follow along with that in mind.
95% of questions have the answer "A" as correct, which takes away from having to engage with the questions embedded with the powerpoint.
A practical guide to how to combine current design concepts, like design thinking, personas, user stories etc., into a actual workflow.
Very good course for beginners and professionals of how to design the very basic thinking as a base to start any project in Agile flow.
I really enjoyed this course.It was clear, very well structured, practical and useful. The final project showed me how much I learned.
Very good course for Design Thinking and Exams are one of the best so far which will help the people like me learn the actual lessons.
This introduction course was great!, I've learned so much and understood a lot form the videos and the website. Super well explained.
Very satisfied with the course as I'm new to agile and design thinking, the course has given me a practical perspective of them both
All-star professor. This course was really applicable to my work and gave me new insights going back. Really outstanding professor.
I really enjoyed the linkage between design thinking and Agile. Also, the 5th class addressing IT projects was a great added bonus.
I learn many new things. &I apply them in day to day life. Thank you very much for giving me lot of Knowledge about Agile Process.
I would recommend this course for project managers, working will be a lot easier if the principles of agile is diligently applied.
Great Course, Learned a lot. Great Instructor. I just wish the assignments were graded by a professor rather than another student.
Nice configuration with clear instructions.  Videos were very well done!  I learned a lot in a relatively short period - good ROI!
Thanks for putting this out there. Not sure how I would get all this insight into software industry best/great practice otherwise.
Intensive, but incredibly informative and useful course! I recommend it to everyone who want to improve Project Management skills.
Week 3 was harder than the other weeks, I had no design thinking background and designing a persona took me way more than 3 hours
I'm learning so much. So excited to share this process and these principles in education, in business and my personal pursuits!!
This was a great class. Learned more than I expected. Who knew there was so much involved in writing a good user story. Thanks!
this was a really informative class.  it helped me to think about things very differently than before.  I highly recommend it.
Excellent introduction to Agile methods focusing on really understanding the customer through personas and problem statements.
Thank you for Alex, to teach us. He was a good mentor, I hope I have the time to take the rest of the specialization courses.
This is a great course! I've reviewed the material over and over and over again, and I keep learning something new each time
Really good course. Perfect way to introduct to agile methodology and then begin to develop personas and problem scenarios.
Very well paced. Content and examples presented are excellent.Lecture delivery by the host as well as guests is remarkable.
Practical part is significantly important after theory. I have never enjoyed training before, but this course is excellent.
The course is delivered extremely well, the learning material is very good. Great course for learning the basics of agile!
I really enjoyed it, having been a developer for a long time, it was interesting to see how the story card comes together
It is an awesome course, a must have if you want to get the ideea how to develop and plan your software or design ideea.
Examples and situations clearly detailed and transferable to one's working environment. I highly recommend this course.
Superb introduction to the subject. Really enjoyed it and I am implementing the strategies learned in our team at work.
The content and presentation are outstanding. Actionable material that I can apply right away with my team. Thank you.
Excellent training, thanks a lot Alex.Your teaching skills are really great and all the materials are really valuable.
Excellent overview of how Design thinking and Agile meet to accomplish the same goals of adding value for the custome
I enjoy how focused and well presented lectures are. My second course from Univ of Virginia prepared in a superb way.
Highly recommended. The instructor is very knowledgable and inspiring. He has also a practitioner-oriented approach.
this course is attending my spectations,and it's helping me to make rigth some concepts I was doing in the worng way
The course was comprehensive enough. I was able to relate the concepts to things happening at my current workplace.
This is one of the finest courses in Coursera. It helped me to learn how personas are created and how they help in
This course bolstered my framework of project management. Thank you! Can't wait to apply this to my next project.
Great course and experience, everything was clean and clear with a story telling example, great and many thanks!
Great courses. It would be perfect if you give diverse example not only focusing on one or two business cases.
for someone who didnt know anything about Agile, now I feel ready to start implementing Agile at work. Thanks!
Teacher knew his stuff. Painted a full picture of how to START the Agile process. Great and insightful course.
Thanks to Mr.Cowan and the great education methods of Coursera, this course was perfect and enjoyable to me.
Great course, I have already done a design thinking training, but this course has enhanced my understanding.
This is very well designed course, especially for a beginner who has never used Agile methodologies before.
Comprehensive, well presented course. Video content was engaging and credible. Loving learning new skills!
Alex Cowan is a great teacher and the course provides many useful practical insights on Agile techniques.
Loved it! Content is great and form perfect for a deep glimpse into Agile and Design thinking. Thank you!
Great introduction to newcomers, but also fills in gaps very nicely for those who have seen this before.
Great course with real examples and rich exercises makes me learn deep techniques and get the knowledge.
I only have read books on Agile. This course has been very valuable in the months since I have taken it.
It a super good course for getting a better knowledge of Agile. I found it very useful and informative.
Nice overview of core topics within Agile with a step by step practical approach to really get started.
I really enjoyed the course and learned valuable new skills which are transferrable to non-IT project.
Really enjoy the course. It has perfect balance of theories and real life examples. I like the skids.
I really enjoyed Alex's delivery. Engaging and informed. It made it very easy to absorb the material.
For me, who works with requirements and user stories every day, this course is incredible. Thank you.
Amazing idea to incorporate design thinking into product development. I love how it just makes sense.
really, really nice curse with good material.But the assignment at the end could be more elaborated!
Excellent course content, I will suggest to every Agile person to must attend this course properly.
Alex explains things very well, clearly based on his own experience. The content and pace is great.
Excellent material, great instructor and well-prepared practical assignments. Highly recommended.
Really enjoyed the pacing, detail of lectures and complexity of assignments. Well crafted course.
A very good introduction to agile and design thinking. I don't hesitate to recommend this course.
Very informative with practical examples. The skits helped to bring the concepts to life for me!
Awesome Course! All fit for purpose software applications start with perfecting the user stories
Very informative course that helps you get into a design thinking mindset at a comfortable pace.
A great way of thinking. very useful course that help you improve your skills of developing so
Alex is amazing the subject was great learning, hoping to see him on various other courses too
Excellent, very useful to many areas, not just software development! It worths the time spent!
I really enjoyed the course, congratulations! Totally didactic and with excellent classes! :)
Well designed course to help students easily relate to all values and methodologies of agile.
This course was so good to understand how agile methodology works and solve problem using it.
Great content, valuable tricks and an excellent lecturer!Highly recommended to all agileists.
Very good and thorough introduction to Agile development. Top-level content. Congratulations!
I enjoyed this course and I learned many things including user story, story board and others.
great course, it gives you the tools to start to build a software product focused on the User
This course completely opened my eyes as a team lead. Software development is now very clear.
Short and concise introduction to using design thinking as part of agile project management.
Helpful examples and templates to help you understand better. Adaptable to different fields.
I have got a lot of agile principle design thinking from this course. Recommend this course.
The last section of the course could have been improved. It seemed to be a little repetitive
Great course. Solid introduction with information delivered that I can use today in my work.
Really impressed with the various techniques and reinforcements applied  online instruction.
This will boost my career and help me through different process I am applying at the moment
The content and the material of the course is very good. Provides insight in depth about he
I absolutely love it and would like to continue learning with specific cases and workshops.
It was structured course - easy to follow and understand - very good instructor.. Thank You
Very practical course and great for people with no background in Agile thinking and doing.
Very helpful course that will definitely change my way of thinking and creating projects.
Great course, the explanations were through and practical and the coursework was relevant
Great course about agile and dsign thinking! course material are great and very detailed.
A well detailed and developed program with a lot of extra docs to get the Agile mindset.
Excellent! If you have 4 hours to spare every week, this is the best course on Coursera.
Really an amazingly superb experience . Looking forward to complete this specialization
Great course - fast pace and challenging but with clear links towards real life cases.
Great content, pretty well planned and explained. Alex did a great job on this course.
The course is well designed for beginners and very well explained by Prof. Alex Cowan.
Nice course and it has cover lots of useful information on Agile development thinking.
Great course. Highly recommended to people interested to understand what Agile means.
Excellent course. Engaging instructor. Practical knowledge I could apply immediately.
Great course with updated content, top of the line material and excellent professor.
A Great course to shift your mindset towards more testable and actionable process.
Thanks for certification. I believe this certificate help me to enhance my skills.
Great course for people that are starting in agile. Very clear and understandable.
actually it is a very useful course , especially for a students about to graduate.
Great deep-dive after the Digital Product Management course by the same instructor
I am really enjoying the Alex Cowan courses in general. Worthy to spend time with.
Amazing course! Very helpful and great didactic!Thank you for sharing your wisdom.
Useful in helping beginners understand basic principles of the Agile methodology.
Felt like a great introduction to a very modern business and development mindset.
Great explanations of concepts and very helpful skits for the example case study!
Really excellent, I learned a lot and It will be very useful for my next project
Great class, good pace but with quizzes & a final project that keeps you honest!
This course is important if you want to be up-to-date with software development.
Great course - so informative and with a lot of practical assignments. Loved it.
Very well explained and simplified! As online course you don't wish for better!
I enjoyed learning about the agile method with helpful framework and assignment
Very good starting point to define valuable products right from the beginning.
Excellent course and now feel very confident to apply this in our organization
Great course.  I plan on continuing on to take all the other Agile offerings.
Experienced Instructor ! Excellent course content !.  Thorough assignments !
Fabulous course. Learnt so many new concepts. Sure it will be of great help.
Fantastic course.Lectures and Assignments are well combined. Learnt a lot!
Excellent course for beginners who are starting to learn agile concepts .
Very great videos, super interactive, easy to go through, good learnings!
Great course which is very relevant and helpful from agile practitioner.
I learnt from my mistakes of first submissionThank u for ur opportunity
Very useful tools and artifacts to improve user stories and test cases.
Quite good to kick off innovative thinking for those not steeped in it.
As a beginner in the filed I can say the course was perfect as a start.
Excellent course to help you think and work like a smart agile mindset
Great course. Alex is a great professor! Really enjoying the course.
Good pedagogy. New more efficient techniques to gather requirements.
Great course with a great level of detail into doing agile practises
A wonderful introduction into Agile, explaining the logic behind it.
Excellent training as a starting step in an Agile mindset formation
Great content and very important concepts for developing for value.
Great way to get started with Agile. Easy to follow and understand.
this is amazing course i love learning all the knowledge from it :)
I really enjoyed how hands-on is this course. Totally recommended!
The course it is very good with clear and understandable syllabus.
Great course with clear explanations and very practical templates.
Very good course instructor as well as material and in the course.
Good content easily explained with practical approach. Recommended
This was a great course - so very practical and the supporting to
This course is brilliant and the lecturer is a very good speaker.
Not enough people on the course, got to wait for peers to review
Helps in converting the real life stories into document form...
Really good to see how Agile and Design Thinking mesh together.
Very good explanaitions and way to guide us throught the course
thx Alex and the team! very well designed and super discipline
Here I have been able to increase many skill.Thanks for this .
Its excellent interactive training. Thanks to the instructor!!
Very practical course, great class resources, fun instructor
The templates and the explanation of the examples are great!
The content was very clear, according to beginners in Agile.
I liked the course because it has many practical assignments
I like the quality of the content and the clear explenation.
The Course covers detailed insight and meet the expectation
Very well balance course with usable and valuable materials
Great course! Very practical and applicable methodologies!
Overall course content is good and content is too right...
I really enjoy this course and many thanks for the trainer
Very informative and detailed. Alex is a great Agile coach
Very good introduction on agile combined with lean ideas.
Good course for who are interested in project management
Great course to practice about user stories and personas
extreme support from courservery useful for good careers
Highly informative and a great instructor. Thanks Alex!
Really great course if you are starting out with agile.
I liked pretty much this course. It is very practical.
Great Tutor!Classwork increased my hands-on experience
learnt a lot of new software testing tools and methods
Very useful course. I honestly recommend it to all PM.
Good introduction, goes deep enough with good examples
I was applying the key takeaways from the right away!
I enjoyed the course and learned a lot along the way.
Very interesting and educative course. I learnt alot.
Alex your teaching method is awesome, thanks for all!
Excellent course, keeps you engaged and connected thr
I learned a great deal of knowledge from this course.
Good quality course. Excellent explanation by Alex !
This is a fantastic introductory course for Agile.
Great course! I learn so much, Alex is great!  =)
very useful, this will help me in my job for sure
Just an great course to learn about Agile basics.
Loved how the professor elaborated the concepts
this is one of useful and good course to do....
Good course and learnt lots of things from it .
Great, to the point, learned a lot of takeaways
awesome course, good job university of michigan
Clear theory with great tool and great example!
Excellent course for learning design thinking.
Great Course to Learn about Agile methodology.
Very well explained, a lot of useful material.
Great course. Great materials. Thank you Alex!
This is truly one of the most unique courses.
Great well-paced course and very informative.
Great course. Thorough introduction of agile.
Very valuable course!!! Highly recommended!!!
In my opinion, this is a very good training.
Excellent course with examples and practice.
Great content! Highly recommend this course!
Amazing! 

I'm excited for the next module.
Fun and extremely focussed on user stories!
Great course! I have learned a lot. Thanks!
Great insights for Agile to be successful.
an engaging course that is rich in content
Cristal Clear. Nice and useful exercises.
Excellent course with practical exposure.
Great course. Alex is a great instructor.
Great delivery, case study, and visuals!
It is the best course for design thinker
Great course, great material and tutors.
Shortly, the content match the reality!
very interesting and usefull.I love it.
Good introduction to Agile Development
Great introduction to start with Agile
Simpler explanation of Agile concept
Very impressive. Thanks for sharing.
really complete and  awesome course!
Excellent, great tips and resources!
Very Good Course with Best Examples
very easy to follow, good examples.
it was easy and interesting course
well organized course and content.
Great course and very applicable.
Nice introduction course to Agile
I strongly recommend this course
The work was good to understand.
Great course ! Very insightful !
Excellent! Thank you Alex Cowan!
Great course to start with agile
Interesting course, eye opening
I learn a lot of things! Thanks
Great to be part of this course
It was a helpful start in agile
Great course, very interesting.
Nice course i love this course
very practical and informative
The instructor is a rock star!
Very informative. Very useful.
Very good knowledge Thank you
Great course to step in Agile
Fantastic course and content.
Great course at an easy pace.
Really useful for my career.
Very interesting. Thank you.
Great tips and clear lessons
Excellent!! High Recommended
good explanation and materi
good course..well developed
Very practical and helpful.
I think its very well done
Really nice! I appreciate!
its very knowledgeable....
that's what I want, thanks
Amazing tutor and contents
Very Good Course Overall
Great learning resource.
The course is wonderful
Great, thorough course.
I highly recommend it!
great and easy course
Course was very good.
A good place to start
It was so practical.
it was quite useful.
awesome experience !
great course for all
Nice Course i think
Awesome assignments
A should do course!
Very interesting.
Very articulate!
Great session
Is so great!
Good  course
Its Perfect
