The idea of the course is good. But delivery have a lot of space for improvement. (Manage to finish only WEEK 1 and start WEEK 2)First of all: Design is about talking with pictures. WEEK 1 - Visualization lesson.Lets look how this is implemented:Try to listen WEEK 2 Physics of innovation - and follow visually(in your head) what Jeanne is talking (for 18 minutes) :). Or WEEK 1-  "What is design thinking. Hear from the experts." The same issue.The language is too much academic which makes it hard to follow visually.   The authors should analyze these videos and answer the question: "Does it work?" Speak in front of +14-16 year old children for 20 minutes (without pictures) and see if the audience can follow it (translate every sentence into picture).If this course is designed for academic world it is probably ok. But it is not ready for the mass majority of audience. As Jeanne is saying in one of the video: fail fast, cheap and improve.All the best improving this course.
I was pretty excited to start this "5 week" course but quickly realized it's about a 5 hour course. I can make any course a year long course if I wanted by only doing 1 minute of work a day which is basically the principle at work here to make this course seem more robust. For example "Week 3" is 35 mins of video. I'm giving this a one star review because the content is outdated (from 2013) and better, more updated content can be found on YouTube. This course is effectively content marketing for the Profs books and for the school. There are no graded assignments or workbook until the end when a 5 paragraph assignment is peer reviewed. Note that your peers in this course most likely won't even review your work and just give you a passing grade. Conversely, of the work I reviewed 3/4 submissions were either blank documents or some random article copied from another course/website on Design Thinking. This course is a certificate farm and I'm pretty unhappy to have paid $60 USD for the 'credential'. First and likely last course I take on Coursera. Woof.
It's a lot of screen time watching Instructors and speakers talk. Very high level and overarching themes, Ideas, concepts of Design Thinking. I got to the end not understanding what to do or how to take the test. I had no idea how to utilize the forum with others taking the course. I should have just read a book.
This course is basically about watching uninspiring videos. It needs a lot of design thinking itself.I have bought the book however. It is really useful.
this is the 4th class i've taken that was issued through UVA Darden school and i really question anyone who's credentials come from this school.  While the examples were fun to see, as a business consultant who has some exposure to design thinking, this class didnt touch on the process at all!  I do not feel my knowledge and understanding is any better now than it was when i started.
I'm very disappointed about this "course". It's not a course, it's a little briefing of Design Thinking.No in mind learn something or work in it. Just some ideas.Maybe they want to you enroll  in master or buy their books. I don't know but good for know in start before you enroll.Moreover,  you cannot send you work if you don't pay. Certificate of participation is not posible.
Very bad course!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dry and Boring. Can be skipped.
course content is good, but when i am near to complete the course , and completed my assignment too , on submit it shows that i have to upgrade for submit, it was not mention on strating the course that for submit assignment you have to upgrade it ? it was optional that you can complete the course nd its optional if you want a certificate or no !
Independently from getting a official certificate or not, you can only fully finish the course if you pay the official certificate. Achieving a goal should not confront with paying any amount of money. Definitely disappointing.
Cant pay for one
The course gives an idea of what design thinking is, but the teacher just give 4 tools to use, and emphasize a lot that she wrote a book and that we should buy it - the book introduces 10 tools to use. Means the course is not complete, and is a way to sell the book. I already paid for the certification, I think it is unfair to ask the students to buy the book to get the complete information.
This course lacks contents. It´s a quick overview on some of the main tools that can be used for design thinking, but if you want to learn more you'll need to do your own research or buy the promoted book in the course (written by the teacher). I think it's a good introduction, but I don't think it should be a paid course or award a certificate since it's mostly a book's teaser. The assignment was also strange since it's was more a reading/writing exercise of past experiences instead of actually applying the learnt concepts. A lot could have been made here, there are many people in the forum where we could have formed groups and try to problem solve wicked things and use other students as stakeholders. I wish this course gets a proper update and I can come back in the future and continue to learn new things.
I liked the very basic principles laid out in this course, but it really didn't seem to follow much of a structure or easy to digest pattern. Each lesson kind of hapharzadly introduced a lot of tools and ideas in slide shows, but sometimes they weren't presented until the example video was shown, and definitely not all of them were in the slides available, so I couldn't really go back and review unless I wanted to watch all videos again to find the exact spot something was mentioned. I didn't really know something was a key take-away until it just randomly was brought up again later in another session. And I still don't feel fully sure the exact ways to move forward. Even though it was an intro course, there should still be some direction.
Could have been better.  I learned some of the basics of Design Thinking.  The best parts were the Case Studies that were presented.  They were interesting and showed the benefit of using Design Thinking.  The parts with the most opportunity for improvement were the final exam and cutting out some of the pontificating guests speakers from industry or other schools that really added nothing to the course.  The final exam was not clear to me on the expectations and is really not practical.  It was unclear to me whether we were supposed to use a Design Thinking Tool on a problem we were facing, or to share where we used it in the past, or to reflect on how we could have used  in the past? Using on a current problem isn't practical, would take too much time, and it would need to be dumbed down to the point no confidential details are being shared.  If the assignment was to share where we used in the past, I wouldn't be taking the course as I would already have experience with Design Thinking Tools.  I chose to reflect on how I could have used DT tools on a past problem for the final exam.  Clarifying the approach in the final exam or changing it completely is recommended.
Compared to other classes, it felt like this course never really got off the ground.  Each week there was a series of videos- some of them kind of fluff- had senior speakers from top firms but some of the dialog was a bit rudderless and off the cuff or casual. If these speakers are trying to make a point it should be more concise and possibly, where applicable, linked o the course content from that week. It was clear that they wanted us to buy the book.  I think the course should have been more hands on and had an activity / task to lose out the week.
I can't say I really enjoyed this 5 week course. The flow itself was more like "food for thought" where a bunch of ideas are presented as sort of an intellectual gymnastics exercise with no point really. By week 5 you are just plain bored. The content wasn't concise enough. It could have easily been a 4 week course or even shorter had they not tried to belabor each topic. It all was too high level and never really got down enough to earth. I have done other courses on the same topic which were better put together.
The course is lower than expectations for me for multiple reasons , I will share the positives and negatives:positives: the course length is very reasonable ,the course concept is excellent and the instructor language is clear  with under stable accent. negatives: the link between stories and the course contents is weak , the course dose not explain the points clearly and the submission need some work before submitting it which was  not mentioned at the beginning of the course.
Pros: Real life examples of design thinking applied globally. Cons: I signed up for the course expecting practical frameworks of how to apply design thinking but unfortunately did not receive that as a takeaway. The course materials also failed to define the term design thinking in a succinct way, which alone tells me that the rest of the course is going to be vague and barely sweeping the surface of real-life applications.
Good Step description, poor description of tools, no testing at all.It should be more hands on, and may be more practical. Some videos were too long. No quizzes for following up and capstone was really poor.Reading the book is way more useful than attending this course.Week 4 learning launch class was the best one.
I needed good knowledge in deep of the different phases tools and workshops to be able to run them myself. This course is only an introduction + companies examples that sometimes are not bringing value to the course. A bit disappointed !
I think the course material needs a more innovative approach. it was kinda boring to just listen to a solo speaker talks about innovation. this course definitely can use some of the material covered here to improve the flow of lectures.
Good course, overall, but quite superficial. I would have liked some more in-depth explanation on some of the tools (like personas, brainstorming or rapid-prototyping)
Content of the course is so basic comparing to the final work that is expected from the student.
I thought that the course was helpful in learning about the concept of design thinking, but it was all theoretical. I didn't feel that there was much participant engagement, and I find this to be an outside motivator that is helpful to me in online courses. Theory wise, I thoroughly enjoyed the class, I would just wish for higher engagement.
Although this course was informative, it was not anywhere close to as interesting as other most of the other courses on this platform. Furthermore, the course is better suited for working individuals and not students because of the way the assignments are structured.
I did learn something, but it was a very very high level introduction to design thinking. The examples of the application the tools were not very easy to understand and the final assignment assumed that everyone would have applied design thinking tool in their work.
It is not even a proper introduction course covering the various tools available for design thinking. Need to improve on the breadth and depth of the course in order to make the course useful or enable the students to apply Design thinking in real life scenarios.
I am very disappointed to learn that the course cannot be be completed (doesn't allow for assignment to be uploaded) unless you sign up. This should be made more clear up front. Poor form.
The topic is really good, but the course does not cover the tools or methodology detailed enough. It is too high level and not many examples or assignments.
I did not find videos appealing. The course was boring and not interesting. Although I do like the Design Thinking approach I did not enjoy this class.
Good introduction to the topic but there are no hands on assignments to help you build skills.  The capstone project is a reflection paper.
The concepts presented are interesting however the exercises / homework is not very useful to understand and correctly implement the work.
The course was beginner level and introduces to tools like story telling, mindmapping, learning launch, visualization
i want to have a conversation with those who review my submissions!plzzz, do the needful.
I expected it to have more slides / content than videos of talks.
Only a very basic and general introduction to Design Thinking
More clear examples needed to make concepts clear
I don't found it interesting and helpful.
WARNING :   the presentation of the course should make it clear that you cannot  complete the end of course assignment unless you already have some previous work experience using one  of the design thinking tools introduced in the course.Although I paid for it, I had no chance to get the certificate as I never used  the tools introduced in the course.  I wish the presentation of the course had clearly stated this requirement.Upside : interesting and pleasant introduction to design thinking.Downside : on top of the warning above, not all the slides used in the course are available for download.
Content is fairly good with weak story line and connection across the various modules. Also the lack of in session quiz modules or weekly quiz module to re-inforce learning is disappointing.It's also possible that i was expecting a lot from a course on design thinking and what it turned out to be was just a scratching of the surface of what the definition of Design Thinking is all about. Having read numerous books on Lean Thinking, Agile development, Minimum Viable Propositions, etc. I was really expecting a solid rigorous approach to the world of design thinking.This course let me down and I just managed to scrape through at the end...almost gave up.
In the videos you should apply the visualization tool to explain ideas further, they are purely verbal and can get to be boring. There should be an assignment for each concept to fully understand the design thinking tools. It is too vague ; The lack of interaction and assignments don't help.
Lecturer is un-engaging, very little emotion shown and monotonous, just your run off the mill reading-off teleprompter with a poor background.Slides look like they were created in one of the earlier version of powerpoint so not engaging
I think the course is nicely structured and in the given timeframe and for the price it gives a valuable overview on design thinking (DT). On the other hand it is too short to teach any skills or give a deep insight into any of the DT tools. Thus it is to me more a management awareness training and sadly this is not clear from the description. Additionally to complete the training one has to provide a short description of a case study with one of the DT tools. In 5 weeks I think it can only be done properly if the participant is already an active coach/facilitator or working in an innovation related position. This is also not clear from the description and somewhat contradictory to the scope of the course.
I previously gave this course a 5-star review; however, upon realising that there is no way to access the classroom after receiving the final grade and certificate, I simply can't give it the same excellent review. I have no way of accessing discussions and my final assignment to see any feedback classmates have given. There is also no option to re-take the final assignment, which was peer-graded and I believe I was not properly evaluated by my peers.
Great videos and explanation of design thinking methods. The stories used as examples were illustrating the content, too. Unfortunately, I have the feeling that I do not have much written material or slides after finishing the course although I had taken notes during the videos. I guess there is no way around buying the book of the instructor! That is disappointing because I could have done that in the first place without taking this class.
I really like the subject, but the content of this course could be more engaging. It is more or less 4 weeks/chapters of passively watching video. Of course there's a possibility to discuss things in the forum, but I prefer some kind of weekly assignments (chunking!) which let me reflect on the content learnt that week. There is also improvement possible in visualizing the key concepts/constructs/ideas of this course.
It was very well presented and organized. My main issue with the course is that it seemed like it was meant for an extreme beginner since it seemed 80% of the course was getting buy-in. I'm already bought it, so much of the info was irrelevant. Also, there was a lot of repetition and videos that just reviewed information that we already covered. I was looking to hear more knowledge and more in-depth about tools.
The course is ok and gives a good first introduction to Design Thinking.  The Videos are good and allow for easy understanding. However, the course material (hand outs) provided is relatively poor. There should be at least a good sized handout of the 4 questions which are so central to the lecture. At times the course feels like a bait to sign up to the more comprehensive sessions offered by the School.
I would insist that the course is amazing in the content, just the project and the system is too dumb to realize that people are trying to fake their way to the certificates and doesn't really care about the course content. Probably apply the same skills to the course that you teach and try to improve on the project part.As for the content, still and amazing course.
The subject is very useful.  But the way it has been taught --- it felt that the instructors were reading from a book.  I am specially surprised because these courses are meant to be for an international audience, many of whom do not have American-English as their primary language.  There were so many references to America-specific phrases and cultural concepts!
I audited this course.  The videos are in fact useful.  However, it would appear that the real interaction is reserved for the later weeks of the course.  Thus moving from theory to application can be a bit abstract.  Of course I did purchase the book and workbook created by the author and have found them to have additional material to support application.
Very interesting course. I will apply it in my daily professional and personal life. I would have loved to have some more material, but I totally understand that when talking about innovation it's not that easy to get materials and videos. Very easy to follow and it totally catched my attention from the beginning.  Many thanks.
Well, structured course and by putting together all the tools that can be applied in the real world.  Scored only 3 stars due to the Peer assignment, it is such a waste of time. I have to spend a lot of time reviewing the assignment, then it vanished and loaded an empty sheet. This needs to be fixed.
I felt the course materials could be presented in a more easy-to-digest format, while the selected speakers could be more succinct in their presentations and less subjectively opinionated, especially Ed Hesse. I feel this destroys credibility when too much emotion and superlatives are invoked.
Appreciate this course a lot, it was crisp and to the point. Major focus was on using Design Thinking tool.The only downside was the lack of reference material. Course should include the slides that were presented in the video as well as some additional reading material (available for free)
There was a lot of confusion in the course, almost at all stages of it. It is better to have a detailed flow chart from First to the Last stage rather than just a high-level diagram. Detailed flow chart can have the execution of various tools/techniques within it to avoid confusion.
Interesting course, but the evaluation process should be reworked with weekly quizz to ensure that the main concepts have been understood and a different final exam which does not assume that you already had the opportunity to apply and reflect upon what you have learned
The assignment was a bit of a let down. The feedback provided by peers was not meaningful, often one word responses such as "good". I would have preferred to have more (and meaningful dialogue) around the application of design thinking tools.
Nice introductory class about design thinking. It is quite general though but very inspiring. I really recommend the book as a complementary reading, it helps understand better some methods and processes described briefly in this course.
Not very engaging or interactive since it is just watching videos. I wish that there were some exercises using the extra resources like all of the mind mapping charts or brainstorming activities for a grade throughout the course.
The course is interesting and may work as a general introduction. nevertheless the lessons and the material made available in form of slides is not sufficient to really become knowledgeable about the presented methods.
The course videos are well made and insightful. Except for the very end there are no quizzes and assignments. This misses out what for me is a vital part of the learning experience, regular feedback and reflection.
I would appreciate more practical cases with the detailed methodology that were applied. Also I will love external resources to study and examples of design thinking applied in different types of industries
The course, although is  good for anyone who wants to take a step towards design thinking, but more examples, theory and detailing can make it better and help us retain and apply the learnings.
The content is very interesting and I learned a lot about Design Thinking. However, the lecturer sounds like she's reading the text, which sometimes makes it hard to focus on what she's saying.
This might have been a great course, if it was called Design Thinking 101. Somehow I expected more of content, frameworks and details. More engagement like assignments would also be great.
The first few modules where the basics are covered are much more useful than the final modules, where things felt more like promotional vehicles for their books and services.
This course provides a good understanding of the DT steps with concrete application examples. However, it requires additional readings to be able to apply this learning
It was good but the professor literally said everything in the book... I felt like I could have read the book and gotten just as much out of the course.
I felt it could went way deeper. It provided a very superficial understanding of this subject, could have went in more detail into each of the tools.
Good course to provide a good understanding of what is design thinking and its process, but doesn't give us practical experience and cases for testi
The course is pretty uneventful. I have done some courses from other universities, which are more interactive and fun. But the content is great!
Honestly, the information was great, however it went by really slowly, and the videos were really long compared to other Coursera courses.
I wish the subject was bit more clear. I felt i lost direction in between the lectures about the main goal of the lecture.
Content is good but some graphics and animation should be added to make it more attractive as well as educational.
Great materials, great learning system! I could get some inspiration and learning, but i thought it was to short.
Could be less generic! The exemples are a little bit abstract, not much hands on or practical.
contents are enough and useful but video & language is little bit difficult to understand
No supplemental materials like PDF and downloadable illustrations in image format
The course is made for managers who want to get on the innovation wagon.
More practice material required related to videos by each presenter
GOOD but they should add more assignments to allow us to practice
Too much theory, too little practice. Very repetitive and slow.
Long videos and no much interaction throughout the course.
This course starts quite well but it´s awful at finish
the videos were too long and lost me at certain parts
A very well-done introduction to Design Thinking
Should be called Intro to design thinking
Need more hands on activities and samples
content could have been better.
Very simple
I'd like to see a lot more content and sequential assignments rather than just one at the end.  Getting peer reviews was difficult and I would also appreciate at least one tutor review to add greater credibility to my score.
Looks more theoretical. Overall image seems outdated in terms of video quality.slides along with running text sync with audio can be more appreciated. Overall good learning.
Interesting course with well-organized lectures and graphics. I enjoyed the diversity of case studies, and especially hearing about countries other than the US and organizations other than large corporations with big budgets. The practice grading of the final project was well done and illuminating. It was effective in helping me understand the grading criteria better.It would be helpful if the printouts were 1 slide per page, as on the page the type is small and difficult to read. Small, weekly assignments such as posting a reflection question in the forum could be helpful. One guest presenter spoke too quickly, so I was thankful for the transcript.It would be nice if those auditing the course could also participate in the final assignment w/ peer feedback.
I am two weeks into the course and really like it. The ideas and concepts mentioned are quite profound. And hope to apply them soon enough in both my personal and professional life. One additional thing which would really like seeing in the course is use of questions just to ascertain our mastery over concepts. Something like the other course which I am taking concurrently -- Think again: How to understand arguments. Where intermediate quizzes ensures that learners are understanding what the intention is followed by 'Share your thoughts' questions to express your views and discuss specific course material with other learners. I feel this mix of quizzes and sharing really helps in learning the course.
The information and skills this course teaches are very useful and valuable. What I like the most, that the course shows how different companies and managers actually used these skills with careful and precise explanation.I wish there were exercises where you can also try to use skills and knowledge you have gained throughout the course.Also I find it very distracting that Jeanne Liedtka makes those creepy sounds with her lips and tongue between her lines. To be honest, it was quite a challenge to finish the course for me, because it made very uncomfortable. Of course maybe it's just me.Thank you, team Coursera and team Darden for bringing this here!
Almost anyone is sure to benefit from adopting a design thinking mindset and this course illustrates the discipline and how it works beautifully. I'd say if the concept sounds new to you, definitely enroll. However, take into consideration that it is mostly theoretical and there's only one assignment at the end of the course, which is also pear-reviewed. This means you're going to have little chance of practicing what you've learned and receiving enough and legit feedback. Having said that, the assignment and reviewing others' works was a challenging thought experiment and learning opportunity.
A very complete introduction, even if a little brief, of what design thinking is and what can help to solve. The english is very clear and both videos and slides help the student to better understand the topics. I really appreciated the contributions of different professionals, not only in the design field, that provided their explanations and the case studies that were presented. Just one negative point: in certain moments, it seems like the professor doesn't want to explain the tools, but wants the students to buy her book. Finally, I can say great job University of Virginia! Well done!
It was a nice overview to Design Thinking, with 3 or 4 practical and diverse examples of application. The course used a consistent framework for reference throughout. I also enjoyed the different options for learning - from video lectures, different lecturers, reading materials and final assignment. To improve, the course could have been more challenging by asking more specific questions (in the assignment) that require deeper research and critical thinking (i'm not sure I deserve a certificate at the end, but will take it!). Overall positive experience.
I really liked the course, I just think it could dive deeper into other design tools that are used during the Design Thinking Process, instead of making use of a lot of videos explaining why Design Thinking is important. If you're watching the course is because you already consider this relevant. Show us how to work better with the whole process - a role play video would be awesome. Also, sometimes seemed that Jeanne was repeating herself too much. Other than that, great course for beginners. :)
I think it's a good theoretical course. What would help is if one review of our work can be done by Professor herself instead of peers. I would like to get an expert feedback on my work and I am sure many think that way too. Also, that brings more credibility to course. I have taken multiple Coursera courses and this is one big flaw I found. The feedback loop between student and instructor is not being closed. I do believe this course has lot of potential and was really helpful. Thank You!
I value the teachings in this course, not just for the introduction of some tools (e.g. visualization, mind-mapping, story telling, learning launch) but the contrast outlined between challenges that are puzzles and those that are mysteries. The differences between the approaches of George and Geoff for a mystery-type problem were illuminating, especially for a Six Sigma Black Belt. I appreciated the lesson reinforcement done in the way you structured the final quiz and its assessment.
Great course! It gave me some great new viewpoints from which to problem solve. The case studies were relevant and interesting, and the guest speakers were good as well. I wish discussions had been a little more structured - it was kind of a free-for-all which led to a lot of off-topic nonsense to weed through. After the second week, I really stopped checking in because it was too time consuming and that's a little sad. But that would be my only suggestion for improvement.
It would be great if participants who had completed their course content would at least get a certificate of participation or completions, as one cannot present the proof of him having gone through all the course content, and hence cannot claim having learned this amazing course.Course was brilliant, but should focus on hands on experience, as while giving a lecture on HCD, i started to realize the intricate details which i wasn't aware of during the course.
Wonderful videos and explanations from the guest field experts/consultants and examples of real life case studies, I really enjoyed the reflection assignment as it made me have to organise the creative process that I used to overcome a specific challenge on a project and get into the motions of the 4 W's in a way that I hadn't realised is natural. In a way, the information in this course is a cheat sheet into the creative process and how people do things.
I very much liked this course. It was well structured and provided fundamentals pretty well. However, there were no quizzes which I think are pretty useful for practicing and remembering the material. Also, even though it is good and practical to have a final assignment that is based on applying the material but it is difficult for those people who do not have the circumstances to do so. Something to consider. otherwise, a great course! :)
A good course to complete to open your mind up to different ways of thinking. Spread over five weeks gives you time to follow along weekly and learn different tools to help with design thinking. The peer grading system is a good way to have your assignment graded quickly and receive honest feedback.I would highly recommend the course to anyone thinking of enrolling or who is stuck with design and innovation problems in the workplace.
Excellent material as a started. Would be great to be able to count more on suggested articles and readings. As of the multimedia content itself, the videos could be a little bit more interactive. At various points it would be the instructor talking over a static slide, did not find it very pedagogic. Other than that, thumbs up for putting up one of the few courses available on Design Thinking out there on this platform. Cheers!
I love the way the course was structured and how Professor Liedtka taught the class. She has a lot of knowledge to pass which is so invaluable to today's organizations. This class provided a great intro to design thinking and how we need creativity and a more human centered approach in today's organizations. The only thing I wish we had was supplemental material to download to help enhance the learning experience.
This course was incredibly interesting and opened my mind to thinking about life and problems differently! But the lectures were very conceptual and I felt myself waiting for the professor to go deeper into detail on the tools themselves and applying them to real world applications.  A class that I can point to as a great example of this is the "Agile Meets Design Thinking" course from Darden.
I believe this is a great entry tool for design thinking. As a project manager, I believe this course helped me  to understand better what design thinking is and also offered some knowledge of tools, that can be applied inmediately.The course encouraged me to read other sources which at the end made my value well worth.Thanks for everyone involved in the course and evaluation.
Wow facotors:1) Explains concepts in fair detail along with a lot of real-life examples 2) It's a great course for anyone who wants to understand the basics of Design Thinking3) The facilitator is great at communicating the concepts.Scope for improvement:1) The pace of the course can be improved. 2) It can be more comprehensive in covering the tools of Design Thinking.
A great beginner course in the world of design thinking. One note of caution is that it underplays the concept of "wicked problems" and newly minted students are in for a rude shock if they tried these techniques in such situations. Consider this course your first guitar lesson, and like learning to play guitar, you will need a lot more practice to be proficient...
Through this course I have understood the basic meaning of design thinking and its tools. But It would be even better if more concrete theories, models and applications of design thinking were imparted. As an educator that would benefit me a lot. In fact the course is very relevant to the teachers and educators in improvising their effectiveness in the class.
There should have been more knowledge testing as the course progressed. The first week and last week model didn't help me to incorporate the progress, and I grew disillusioned just listening to the video. I even had purchased the professor's book, but found the course differing significantly from the book.  Lost interest is it progressed, but completed it.
Short and crisp course on design thinking - a good crash course and introduction to a few design thinking innovation tools that can be applied in practice almost immediately after the course is completed. practical but it can do with some more case studies and deliberate discussion questions every week to keep the discussion board focused and engaged
I enjoy the course. Not the final asignment, I would prefer a test of concepts, since I am not using design thinking jet and I dont have the political power in my organization to make a proposal and use it, so there is no challange I can adress jet to complete the course. However the explications of Liedtka were clear and well organized. Thanks!
Great and practical introduction to design thinking principles! Videos are short and evaluation method is simple and interesting, especially when you have a chance to review your peers' work. I would recommend this course to anyone with an interest in design thinking and its application in the workplace, no matter what industry.
The instructor was brilliant. She explained the nuances of Design Thinking in a clear and coherent manner. The only issue that I can point out is that there are less case studies than I originally thought. It'd be better if we are provided with links of free case studies instead of online materials which require purchasing.
I'd like to see all the tools applied in an end-to-end example. I recently went to a debate whether design thinking is already dead. I would like to hear some more conceptual conversation about why Design Thinking is alive in business and will not "die" - it's not only about a customer want, but about business viability.
Good course. BUT: The MeYouHealth example (2 videos) should be perhaps removed. It sounds very outdated (I am in the sports industry) and the owner has since long distanced himself from the business. Not sure if this business still exists - the website is dead. These 2 videos made the course less "credible" to me.
Well organised, properly structured, meaningfully delivered and Over all and excellent course for all sets of working professionals. Especially people who believes that design thinking is something like only genius people can work or come up with. Looking forward for much more courses similar to this. Thank you !
I found this course really helpful in learning the change that every company is looking for, either to break the plateau or to establish themselves as per the need of their partners and customers. Idea generation is a series of steps and hard research which makes them so effective which I learn from this course.
This course is a great overall introduction to design thinking. But I would have loved to see more practicals tools during the course. For all those who want to discover the topic, it is a great material, for a more advanced practitioner you will just review the broader concept of Design Thinking and Innovation.
Very well designed course. Feedback: Many more examples could have been illustrated in other diverse fields to show different ways of applying design thinking. Only 4 design tools were explained in great detail while others were not given special importance. Other design tools should also be explained in depth.
A very good course, with good set of modules, well aligned and nicely articulated. The illustrations & case studies are from diverse industries, which helps. It has a proper flow to it and anyone who wants a basic introduction on Design Thinking and to leverage its tools, would do good by undergoing this course
I really enjoyed following this course, the materials taught were brought in an interesting and critical way. The introduction of the DT framework was really interesting and the application of that framework is awesome. Downside to the course is that the materials and examples seem to be a little dated.
It is an excellent introductory class. Assignment part is very week though. No real engagement with students. There should have been assignments/tests in between the modules. Instead, you just listen to them one module after another and after a while, it sounds more like a personal development seminar.
Final assignment is targeted at people who have the power and authority to make large decisions or try these methods on projects, which may not always be the case. Otherwise excellent materials and good video lectures. Found the information very useful, and I actively recommend this course to others.
Interesting course that clearly describes design thinking. Some of the lectures are really excellent, although some did not meet my expectations. My only other problem was that at times I felt more like I was watching an advert for the course creator's book rather than learning about Design Thinking.
I think the professor was great. I did not like that the whole course evaluation was in just the five last days with a pair review, it should have quizes form the beginning, that help you grasp the concepts in a better way. Quizes might be related to how to act in hypothetical situations...
The course was really helpful and covered the fundamentals giving a strong understanding of the body of knowledge. I thoroughly enjoyed the learning experience.  And what makes the difference will be if the recommended reading materials and similar study materials are explored.
Very good course about Design Thinking, especially if you are a beginner in the subject. The videos (lectures) are easy to understand with explanations and examples on how to apply the tools of design thinking. Also, reviewing your peers is a great way to learn more about it.
I found the online experience for this course to be a very effective learning opportunity.  The design thinking examples on how to apply the tools was helpful.  The professor is engaging and knowledgeable with the content she delivers with support from two of her colleagues.
I thought the material was good, but I though there could be some benefit to seeing more examples and perhaps even a PDF outlining the various methods in the course.  I would like to see something like a "Cheat Sheet" for the methods.  Overall good course though!  Thank you!
I think the course wasa  good starting point for someone who wants to understand what design thinking is all about. I liked the tools explained in this course. The course could be better with more live examples and videos of actual design thinking workshops being conducted.
It's a very good course, I think it can be structured in a better way, also it doesn't explain a lot of innovaation process, rather, it gives you an overview of the tools and best practices. If you're looking for a suplement of your design thinking knowledge this is it.
This is a great overview of Design Thinking and how it applies to any business.I would highly recommend that participants read any of the books published by Professor Liedtka as it provides many interesting examples which reinforce the concepts discussed in class.
The course is good. I wish there are more details about the difference tools that are used like Story Telling, Ethnography etc. Also there are no templates to download and improvise on them. There are no exercises in this course to refresh the content each week.
Design Thinking is that designers’ work processes can help us systematically extract, teach, learn and apply these human-centered techniques to solve problems in a creative and innovative way – in our designs, in our businesses, in our countries, in our lives.
I am well satisfied with the content covered in this course especially the three real world scenarios that were presented related to three different tools used in design thinking. Expecting to use this new knowledge in my upcoming projects and opportunities.
Design thinking is for everyone, the problem is people haven't realized. Until we have a number of people who understand and are ready to follow design thinking processes, it would be waste of a great concept. We all need to use DT in our everyday lives.
Topic is very interesting, however I think that there should be a strong way to share more information from the University to the participants such as readings, more videos and more forums to create a more dynamic and even more interesting environment.
I liked the course I enjoyed it, but I guess it could be more descriptive, with more examples of utilization of the tools mentioned in the course, maybe to be more resounding at each specific topic. The final summary is this course is very worth it.
This has been a mind-changing course that enables the students to think systematically for the next innovations in a series of them. It is really good for the ones who are still confused where to start with breaking the ice of old-fashioned manner.
Interesting class. Design thinking is a bit of a hot topic these days, so it is nice to get more insight into the practices behind it. I liked that there was not a lot of busy work during the course and the primary assignment came towards the end.
Good course for introducing Design Thinking. It is explaining valuable techniques (what), although it may have been more explaining or referring to material about how to use these techniques (more how). I will certainly use the techniques learned.
Good introductory course but the material could be made more in-depth, particularly when it comes to explaining how to use tools or how to apply design thinking processes. Some of the examples are difficult to follow along and a bit irrelevant.
The course Material its great, its very clear and  complete. There should be more practical lessons that complement the theory, you may get a bit more experience with small practice exercises that ilustrate the concepts taught in the course
I really appreciate the lecturer efforts on the insight and examples given, which is a collaborative effort on our different people solved their problem, through mind mapping, learning launch, story telling and virtualization.Thank you 😊
The course gives a very good introduction on some tools that can be applied to new designs and even problem solving methods. Evaluation lacks a little depth to actually measure the new knowledge, but somehow promotes peer participation.
The lectures where nice, but the course was too short, the last exam was not quite good. As i have no chance to try out all these techniques at work, I had trouble to remember where I had to use something similar. Was lucky to find one
The overall course content was amazing. But as the length of some videos was more than 10 minutes, I believe it would be better to introduce a small quiz in the middle so as to increase students engagement during the entire video.
Methodology and quality of the content is really good. I would like to see some creative quizzes, pictures. small animated videos in the content and small assignments which would make the course even more interesting and engaging.
I wanted the course to be more practical and learning oriented. Overall course and the faculty were great. The visiting teachers who taught about the tools were outstanding. Hope that the lessons learnt come handy in future.
Professor Jeanne M. Liedtka is such an Amazing speaker. I loved the course content. As a student, I had a little trouble getting some of the concepts into context. I think it's a fantastic course specially for professionals.
The lectures and examples were interesting but the feedback received through the peer-review of the assignment wasn't very useful - it was a bit disappointing to receive generic feedback after putting effort in the paper.
Extremely eye-opening course into understanding how to deal with issues that arise at work involving huge teams... I especially gained a deeper understanding into the various tools: visualization, mind-mapping, and so on.
Good course, inspirational. Even if it's just an overview of design thinking and a very basic course i would have appreciated some further explanation about the tools used e some practical exercise to do in the meanwhile
The course was great and it was my first peer review course. I am not sure if I would take another one because of my learning style. I liked the content and will continue to learn about Design Thinking for Innovation.
I get great knowledge from this course during this period. I am so inspired about that in every field like mind mapping, story telling, visualization etc we apply to daily life style to lead our lives in every moment
The videos and explanations are all very interesting and compelling. I would have appreciated to have more hands-on and practical work to do. Also, the instructions for the final assignment were not very clear to me.
The course explains the Design Thinking principle very well, focusing more on the Empathy stage. The examples mentioned are really practical, especially the IBM story.The templates and tools coverage should be more
The course could have been a little more extensive and the assignments could have been a little more involved asking to do regular day to day activities trying to incorporate a bit of design thinking along the way.
It would be helpful if there were some videos on real-life implementation of the design tools taught here. Now the videos on the design tools are very generic, especially those of storytelling and mind mapping.
Very well structured and brief course. This course will help you understand the basics of design learning and will help you utilize the design thinking tools in your day to day life in solving problems
Good and easy to understand course. Design Thinking is a key methodology in Business nowadays. This course presents the key concepts and introduces you to the methodology through easy going lectures.
This is a good class to get insights on the creative process and to add tools into your toolbox for developing ideas and how to potentially form a great idea from a challenge by providing a solution.
Course is great. The case studies and mix of different teaching methodologies help. some of the content and one case study in particular seems outdated (2013?). The business does not exist anymore.
Thanks with all my heart. This training will help me in my new role as Ambassador of Innovation in an important international business group where I work. Looking forward to starting a new course.
The course is good to get an initial approach about design thinking and its applications. Is important update the course with more cases that involves the current scenarios of the organizations.
Good Course ! I liked the way instructor has provided the instructions along with the presentation. The only reason why It's 4 start, that I was looking for some training material to download :)
Good course; really stretched one's mind. I think leaving the assignment to the end made it a bit of a challenge - I might highlight this requirement early on so people know what to expect.
The course give you a good idea about what design thinking is and shows some interesting cases. In my opinion the course is sometimes too academic. It would be better if were more practical
Overall, a very good course that will get you to re-direct your brain towards one of the main, and most critical, points in relation to a business or product: what it means to the customer
Excellent lectures, adequate reference material. Very solid  foundation course on design thinking. Only thing to make it better is to add more exercises and  additional reference material.
Lots of good material.One think that I would suggest is.. a video with main steps of each of the 4 tool.. not a detailed video or steps, but a baseline to follow. maybe with an study case.
Course provides a good overview of design thinking and introduction to different tools that are used across the process. Would be great if there was more teaching on how to use the tools.
More examples would have been better.Some of the concepts were hard to internalize hence simplistic examples with visualization would have helped better.Overall a great learning. Thanks
It is interesting but it is only conceptual, a series of talks about different tools. I believe that a list of the order of different tools and their good/bad points could be helpful.
The course was great to learn from and the narration of stories and case studies was awesome too, I was able to grasp most of it very easily and learned a lot about design thinking.
Really interesting and thought-provoking, the short and terse videos made the course fun. Some practical, application based assignments and quizzes would have been much appreciated.
I found the course useful as an overview into the process of design thinking. The content was delivered in an engaging manner and the examples and case studies were memorable.
Good course, insightful in the application of Design Thinking to wider business problems. It's a quick easy course, to see if you want to develop more knowledge in this field
Great intro to concepts and critical assessment of mainstream business methods.Some of the concepts introduced need more discussion on drawbacks or common abuse by designers.
The tools covered in this course are very valuable. It actually inspired me to register my next course to further learn about one of the design thinking tools; storytelling.
This course is great to get to grips with the design thinking methodology and tools. Down side is that you only get feedback on your work from your peers, not from faculty.
Helped me gain a different perspective on how to take on a challenge, and be innovative about it. Would recommend it to all who try to better their problem-solving skills.
A very good course every design engineer, product development engineer and leader should take. I learned how innovation can be made design focused and customer-centric.
its a verry useful caurse , its my ffirst course here in coursera , i am very gradeful and i like it. i earned skills and i know tools will help me to do my projects .
it opens your mind and open the door to a new approach about the innovation. It may be, some deeper explanations about the use of some tools ... would have been nice.
Nice Course, right to the point. Good use of some of design tools. Probably will be better if the course has more in depth info and more tools but is really helpful.
This is a really good course, especially for the money. There were some challenges maneuvering through week 5, but other than that a really good course. Thank you.
Innovative thinking approach to real time challenges and finding solutions on going basis for the existing or new products/services/ processes to reach excellency.
This is an excellent short duration course, lucidly presented, tools & techniques are really helpful both professionally & personally, a much recommended course.
The instructor is great! The insights in the course are useful. I had a good learning experience. Thank you Coursera and University of Virginia for this course!
The course is very good to understands basics of design thinking and shared details around the tools. The tools can be explained through couple of more examples
I liked the course content including case studies. will love to apply acquired knowledge in real projects. assignment review system could be improved though.
It is inspiring and makes you question the way you process your ideas. I found materials very useful and practical. Anyone can enroll and finish this course.
The course was interesting but too complicated. The final assignment assumed that everyone would have applied design thinking tool in their work in the past.
Some nice tools and insight, but presentation could sometimes be more compelling. More in depth information of how to use and apply the tools would be nice.
Her speech is so drowsy, please ask her to speak in a way that will not boring.i have attended some courses which are so good to hear & doesn't make drowsy.
It is a short and clear course. I think you could let clearer what the student will learn. I think the course lack of a powerpoint support a little better
Great course. Learning a new way to problem solve and think in an innovative mindset is something we all need to succeed in this every competitive world.
Great Explanation, and very useful to modify certain mindsets. I think that the book should be complementar to this course, eventually with more detail?
The course was highly nutritive, although I would have like to hear more about other tools that can be used and look more deep into their applications.
Pretty good lectures. I would improve by providing more typical example templates that were used prior so we could use them for our real-time problems.
The course overall is such a key skill to polish. I am a happy student. Design Thinking for Innovation has given me such insight and a new perspective.
Good course! The flow of the modules fit perfectly. But I wished they uploaded the lecture slides and the templates for the design thinking process.
helped me with gaining some great points to start thinking about my future career.I hope to see this kind of courses more in near future. PEACE!!!
Great course, but you get out of it what you put into it.  I thought it was a very good introduction to the concepts, principles, and basic tools.
Some portions of the course need more detailing, for a better understanding of the concepts. Nevertheless, its a good primer on Design Thinking.
Very helpful course to learn design thinking, giving 4 stars because I think the final assignment is not evaluating all contents of the course.
The course itself was very informative. Just wished it had more areas to practice and that the assignments were graded by teachers, not peers.
I really liked the tools shown in the course and their examples. They inspired me to apply them in my professional field. Thank you so much!
It was really very good learning and learnt to know the about various tools to make the task meaningfull and effective in short time.Thanks
Very much enjoyed all the videos and the lessons learned. Have already started to try an use some of the techniques and concepts I learned.
The step by step approach is helpful and aided by case studies and videos. Assignment is not heavy.  Practical and insightful. Thank you.
Great course to understand the basics, I would like it to have deepen into the tools available for the workshops but it was a good start.
Course content should also include Value Chain Analysis, Brian storming, Concept development, Assumption testing and rapid prototyping.
Very interesting course, but a bit short though - it just covers the surface of design thinking and some of its tools (very well done).
The course was really good. I was able to learn some new concepts which will be helpful for our carrier. I really like the assignment.
Really good courses and support but some videos are may be too long and could be divided in 2 or 3. Also, give more concrete examples.
Could have included some more case studies to help to understand better. But overall the structure and content of the course is good.
The content of this course was written well, and very clear.  It was a good overview of DT and the Professor is very knowledgeable.
Great introduction to Design Thinking.It would be better if some examples of real cases using the different tools could be added.
Course can propose some challenges to apply the design thinking tools for participants who have difficulty coming out with one.
The course was great. I would recommend more practical examples to ensure clear understanding of all the design thinking tools
Excellent introduction to design thinking, I really recommend to read the book "Design for growth" if you want to go deeper...
Really enjoyed this course. It had a management stance, which for me as a product designer was insightful. Clearly presented.
Nice Videos. I think the class should have evaluations ( at least one moment where you could check your theoric knowledge).
Great course. Only thing not right is the assignment. Peer review adds more work to pass this course, which I don't like.
The course was very interesting and made the (supposedly) obscure concepts of Design thinking so very easy to understand
It's a great course. It would be great if we could see more examples and implementation of tools used in today's world.
Generally it is good introduction to Design Thinking. I would expect introduction of more techniques and case studies.
The course was very helpful. I have learned a lot on how to apply correct thinking methods to shape my daily work.
Well structured, Easy to understand through clear concepts and processMany Illustrations  with real-life examples
Nice intro course. Easy to follow along, and concepts explained well and repeated so the learning is reinforced.
Found to be very encouraging course & the design thinking tools learned an be applicable in day to day activity
I really enjoyed the course. For me (as a Design Thinking beginner) this was a good introduction to the topic.
Good course for beginners in design thinking / collective intelligence methods. Very good and enjoyable videos
Thank you so much. Great effort. If the videos can be shorter and focus more on the tools that would be great.
Great course, easy to follow and some great learnings that are easily translated into the real business world
Was a great course. Only remark that some presentations from the lessons are not available in the Downloads.
Well structured lecturers/modules with real-world case studies.  Strong intro course into design thinking.
Great for beginners, great cases, and great approach to the design thinking methodology. 100% recommended.
I  think that it will be better to make the sessions more dinamic, not only videos... more interaction :)
i liked this a lot, most when different people talked about how it looks in practise in videos. Thank you
It was a good mind opener.It showed me that we all lacked in some small area from becoming a good leader.
Short but very powerful course on highly effective thinking techniques targeted at business professionals
Really interesting, I just think that the final task isn´t clear based on what I saw in the peer reviews
A nice way to get started with Design Thinking. Definitely thinking about going for a specialization.
At a beginner's level, it did a great job at introducing design thinking to me. Definitely worth it!
These course take subjects very interesting and useful related with digital projects and management.
The course could be better taught using more application oriented examples and real time scenarios.
Great content. Video lectures could have some activities in between to keep the audiences engaged.
Well experience trainer and readily applicable tools. A good course for design thinking beginners
This lecture is very practical-minded and I recommend this course especially for business people.
Very interesting and challenging course where one learned how to apply the tools and methodology
It is a good course to learn!! Looking forward to learn advance courses in Design Thinking!!
Its a good course for beginners and provides some good insights on how to change the thought
Awsome course involving how to organize and implement innovative ideas into an organization.
Really enjoyed the course. Great course if you want to be introduced to Design Thinking
Great course that allows one to fully take in and apply the concept of  Design thinking
Please provide more examples how to apply the design thinking for the idea generation
Strong fundamentals about design thinking. really appreciated the facilitation style.
It is a creative course that I've first met and I learned many useful things from it.
Had a wonderful experience and more innovative thinking are gained from the course.
A very nice approach to applying design thinking in any business field. Recommended
The Design Thinking course is really interesting and a lot of practical learning.
Very informative and a fresh approach to thinking and innovating. I enjoyed it.
Got great insights of Design Thinking and how to apply in the business. Thanks.
good course for developers who think to launch their product in creative manner
Very good! The course could be a bit longer to exploit more examples and tools!
Extremely well explained. Would have loved to have more examples of exercises.
Very inspiring course, I will definately use it in my work. Money well spent!!
Quality technical content and tools that can be critical for many companies.
ABSOLUTELY MADE ME TO GO THROUGH THE PROCESS AS A DESIGN THINKING ARCHITECT
Course is good and more case studies videos are required. Live interactions
Great course. I did some design thinking courses but this one was the best.
Some quizzes and more than one assignment would have been more challenging.
Video presentation was highly detailed but reading materials were lacking.
Good tools, good basics. Faster, deeper info if you get and read her book.
Very nice course, it requires a bit of practical experience with the tools
Interesting approach, content & delivery. Sound examples & study material.
It's an interesting course that shows you tool to learn about innovation
The speaking speed can be accelerated. The rest is wonderful. Thank you!
A very nicely designed course. Would recommend this course for everyone!
Well some of it was fairly abstract and could've been explained better
It was totally good for learning about design thinking and innovation.
its a good experience and I learn new approaches to solve any problem
work tasks become faster and easier to complete. output also improved
I would like to see videos of the tools being applied by the experts
Very good course to
explore and learn the basis of Design Thinking.
Very good course to explore and learn the basis of Design Thinking.
It is a good course for anyone to develop their managerial skills.
Surely try if you want something new and conceptual in your life.
Well-paced sessions, with a rigorous written reflective exercise.
Really enjoyed the course as a refresher and baseline for Design
it was a new and an amazing experience . got to learn so much .
very knowledgeable course, I enjoyed and I learned new things.
some more information and shortly study case will be helpful
Course curriculum is very good. Best part are case studies .
very nice course and very nicely and attractively explained
I really like this course and the way its design I love it
Very interesting course. Content was very good. Thank you.
Design thinking is the best tool in this developing world
Nice course. Gives a new perspective on solving problems.
Great insights, good introduction to DT. Helped me a lot.
Good and engaging course with nice videos and assignment
A good beginning to help  structure the thinking process
Really enjoyed the course, great lecturers and examples
Really interesting cours for innovation process tools.
great course as introduction to design thinking basics
Useful and fresh my brain, happy learning experience!
I would like to have more participation on the forums
good course. I would have preferred some frameworks
Very helpful, very professional staff and content.
Good course to know the basic of design thinking.
It was very helpful to introduce me to this world
Brilliant course and information from the course!
very good for learning design engineering course
Best course for a successful thinking and doing
great course for the beginners learn from cases
Nice course! Great approach to the methodology.
Very good starting point into Design Thinking!
Excellent course to dive into design thinking.
Good course to redefine your thinking ability
A very different facet of innovation unveiled
It´s a wonderful course, that everyone can ap
It was useful to apply concept on daily basis
Could be better! But is good and very useful.
it was memorable moments during this course
This course is a bit old. But still useful
good course with lots of helpful material
Compelling introduction to the concept .
Good structure, contents, and delivery.
I'm very exciting to know more about DT
the course was good and well explained
Great introduction to Design Thinking.
Nice design thinking class i loved it
Good and refreshing course for All !
Coursera is best course in leaning.
Effective, well focused and useful.
Great insights from the instructor.
Its best MOOC for Design Thinking!
was good to learn practical cases
Interesting course with homework.
Great introduction level course
Very interesting introduction.
THE COURSE IS NICE AND GOOD
That has an Amazing example
Great learning opportunity.
really inspiring course
good and ecexllent
it is good course.
good education for
Thought provoking!
Great content :)
Great Insights!
useful training
Good Insights..
As a design manager I should say this course actually opened my eyes to a new world. I hope be able to make good changes in my world by using this knowledge more and more in my life. Thanks to All :)
The course provides a practical approach to how to address issues using Design thinking approach.The examples provided to understand the tools used, provide deep insights on usefulness and applica
great course , i am grateful to Coursera and everyone at Darden who helped develop this course.i really enjoyed the course. best wishes to all . keep up the great work!!!! God bless all of you!!!
Great course for designers and entrepreneurs, as innovation is the requirement in today's world, course helps to enhance knowledge about innovation process and some tools used for Design thinking.
I really liked the peer reviews at the end. It was a great way to view other examples of how different projects, industries, and teams have used design thinking. The course was easy to follow as well.
Design Thinking for Business innovation is a new concept to me, Its a wonderful insight on how to do innovation using tools and techniques of the DT course, Jeanne Liedtka is just great. thanks
Fantastic course! a lot of learning
This is such an important course to understand Design Thinking and proper
application. I must thank the course designer for introducing this course. I
have already recommended this course to my colleagues. As I deal with complex
social issues involving technology this course was very helpful to identify how
to understand challenges and move towards innovative solutions.
Excellent presentation of concepts with appropriate examples that drives home the learning. Very impressed!
It is really useful and shapes my thinking in a more innovative way.
One of the best courses I have ever made
gained a lot of knowledge.and my way of approach to the problems complete;y changed.understood that behind every good idea there is lot of work done.and finally the way course proceeded was just awesome and great teaching skillsabsolutely well designed course
I thought that this course was brilliantly designed and very well structured in bringing voluminous and complex subjects to a level of comprehension and simplicity that was easy to consume, integrate and apply.
Really good course, i did not had the chance of sending my project but i as a "watching student" i had the opportunity to learn and practice Design Thinking.
great presentations, connected with the professors, and appreciate sharing the concepts of design thinking at a professional yet humble manner.  Thanks!
Great course, nice videos to understand the principles and how to of design thinking
Great basis of knowledge about Design Thinking.
the most enjoyable thing to learn
Excellent program to learn lots of tools towards Design Thinking !! Thanks a lot! Very interactive and the last activity of completing the assignment was very thought provoking !! thanks to all pears!
If you have a little time during the pandemic between Zoom calls and disinfecting your door knobs, I'd love to recommend this Design Thinking certificate course by Jeanne Liedtka of UVA's Dardin School of Business. She has a very nice delivery and covers the concepts in interesting ways by utilizing guest speakers, as well as case studies and lectures. Even though I have been involved with Design Thinking for almost 10 years, I found her content well worth the time investment.
I have just finished the course. It is very informative and useful. Even after my completion, I am still coming back to look at the videos to revise what I have learned.
This is a wonderful course and I applaud Prof Liedtka on her teaching methodology combining structure with creativity. Each of the tools listed are really useful in expressing the design thought process in action and every one of the experts have lent their unique perspectives, which have been really helpful in outlining the idea that Design Thinking tries to convey. My only gripe if any would be the assignment rubric, which shackles the author within a very walled framework and defeats the purpose of thinking out of the box. While it offers a precious guideline for the peer to evaluate, it more or less mandates the author to stick within this and it applies some sort of unwritten pressure on the peer to rate only on those defined yardsticks, which again effectively brings down the scope for the writer of the reflection to bring in fresh approaches into their piece. Design Thinking in spirit has to involve a level of creative thinking within a structured framework, but if the structure takes precedence, then in all probability creativity would take an uncomplimentary second position. Please take this for what it is, but be sure that the course and the material have been totally outstanding, and I commend the Darden team for putting this out on Coursera.
We made a practice to have a design thinking session for most of our new projects and started engaging our work partners and other stakeholders. Our business partners are also keen on participating in these design thinking sessions. We learn from each other’s and came up with some innovative solutions
We have reduced the risk of heavy investment by using test and learn and prototype. We are open to out of box ideas and getting support from business partners and management
We have now started thinking more like an end customer or end users which defiantly enhances the quality of our solution and brings innovations. With a test and learn and developing prototypes we have reduced the risk of huge investment. 
Customer co-creation and celebrating our success through story-telling is in best used and ensuring substance of the approach and product. Our story is simple but effective, It’s easy to replicate.
Team is motivated, Work partners are happy and being part of the management team, I am enjoying the journey.

Thank you.
There are many approaches to problem solving and as its a vague and non conventional process often, it leads to directionless hard work and in turn deviates from the expected results. That is where Design Thinking comes in, and this course has helped me learn the structure of problem solving which can be applied universally regardless of what the problems are. I learnt that the approach to innovation is as important than the actual ideas itself and I am amazed at how much I have changed after completing this course. Results are of course rewarding but I am enjoying the process just as much. I am thankful to Prof. Jeanne Liedtka and others for building this course and I hope I'll keep learning more and more in time to come.
This empowers the though process end to end. This provided the style to approach any new or existing problem to think through by the means of its core pain point. Then the transition towards solution quadrant in correspondence to each pain point before sketching the High Level picture of any Design topic. This makes the design mind map discrete per step, visibility of approach becomes distinct. Visualization approach has been followed to make the traversal of whole path end to end with less chances of disputes at later point of time; and the same provides a wider spectrum to think deeper with more features and facilities to get adopted. Thank you so much for constructing this course so nicely!
This course should be mandatory in the unlearning process of 20st century management habits that no longer fit to the current societal challenges .  It took me over 1,5  year to 'process' the course; I dived in the  videos, listened to them in the car and during holidays back and forth, got lost, rescheduled, gave up, and finally came back in a focused way, what a journey, I am very proud of.  The insights have changed my way of viewing the world challenges, have made me discover new patters, and provided my both a peace of mind between left and right brain thinking (you have to trust and be 'in the moment')  as well as reconnecting to this random childhood creativity.
Design thinking for Innovation tool is excellent and it has absoultely gained with me the all different aspects of design thinking, Course is very well presented, explained with fanstastic examples.Those who really wish to have a deep knowledge/want to improve thier design thinking skills should opt for this course. The lectures and the materials used adds a valuable input to our knowledge base.Thanks to Jeanne Liedtka,all instructors and co-ordinator for thier efforts to present this topic and for sharing thier experience.
This was my first-ever course on design thinking. A great introduction.   I didn't realise how much design thinking I was sort of doing in my day-to-day job.  Taking this course and applying the tools and skills to one my current projects, I was able to critically reflect & evaluate with a new set of tools and vocabulary that gave me more specific & focused feedback I would not have gotten otherwise.  This means, I am more informed moving forward on the next project.  I'm going to look into more courses like this.
The Design Thinking for Innovation course has helped me in implementing many tools which are useful in our day to day activities and has given me insights to the principles of Design Thinking. These tools have helped me in executing my office meetings to discuss and gather information on overcoming problem's through innovation.Thanks a lot for the Instructors for making the subject crystal clear and simple to understand. Thanks Coursera for providing world wide programs within reach of everyone.
In today's competitive world its all the more important to update our knowledge and skill sets to compete against the  Young & dynamic next generation managers  likely to take over from us..I strongly believe that this platform would help us to learn many new things, ideas, solutions, skills & knowledge which were not been possible in the past.. Its a fantastic opportunity given to me to by our organisation to re brush our ideas and skill set to be learned to be relevant in the job market.
This is such an amazing course. I can't get enough of this.  Apparently, I have been doing versions of this throughout my career and work. I have championed the essence of this but didn't know how to put into an understandable framework for those who couldn't see it.  Yes, I hope to take the full course offered by UVA this coming January 2020 :)  Thank you Professor Liedtka.  Thank you for the work you do and how you teach us to think and reflect on these different yet simple frameworks.
It gives a theoretical base for innovation in companies and organizations. I think managers can take a lot of value from this course expecially in knowing how to present the need of innovation and innovative ideas. It is great for people who think they are not creative as you can learn to be creative. I liked a lot that it was clear and short (4/5 weeks) and it gave a good overview over the design thinking process. I can recommend it for anyone working in marketing or development.
Thanks a lot Jeanne for making available this course on Design Thinking. It was a clear materialisation of the process for exploring opportunities for innovation.i also love the slides with great formalisations of some concepts.Maybe one more thing, it was very useful to have a short overview of previous week at the beginning of a new module. it is coherent with how we manage our MOOC learning behavior, with sometime a lack of time and long periods away from tje course. Joel.
Great course!  This course provided so many tools for future projects.  It will provide lasting impact to the way I approach teamwork and innovation.  I purchased the recommended project guide and management book.  It is amazing the diversity of application of knowledge gained in this course.  Cannot wait to apply the principles. Thank you for untangling complex issues and creating such an easy way to digest the content. This course will be very useful to my daily work.
An excellent course that you can complete at your own pace; within the deadline. The trainers are top of the line where the use of stories/case studies help in comprehension and linking the topics to the real-world applications.My appreciation and use of Design Thinking has developed further upon completing this course; much appreciation goes to the University of Virginia, Darden Business School & the staff involved. It has been a memorable and enriching experience :)
Amazing. I was truly touched by the effort put into this course. I've done other online courses but this one is by far the best one. For me, it was very clear that the tools shared in the learning process were also used in its creation. It made me feel uncomfortable as the new knowledge confronted the old one. Every example had many insights and more. Well, I could go on and on. Then again, thank you very much. Looking forward to learn more.
The subject matter is not only interesting, but also very pertinent to our times. The video lectures were engaging and of just the right length. Stories were used to illustrate concepts, which made them easy to understand. Finally, the assignment was very challenging. I have had to work hard at it, revisiting the lectures and the suggested reading. It was worth my time and effort. I am really happy and proud to have earned this certificate.
I absolutely loved this course. I am a PhD student in Organizational Communication and I loved getting my feet wet with Design Thinking concepts. I think the course was very straight-forward, very application-based, with little fluff, while still being very entertained. I am very picky with the Coursera courses I choose, but this was definitely a winner, and I will be looking forward to more courses by this program and this Professor.
Insightful and relatively concise course that puts the issue of design thinking in a nutshell. The process is explained in a way that is easy to understand and to apply as well. The assessment is indeed helpful in applying all the different tools effectively. I was also pleasantly surprised by the quality of work submitted by peers for review, and I actually learned from their experience as innovation consultants as well. Recommended.
I knew bits about the tools used, but I didn't know there is a complete approach called design thinking which makes taking up challenges exciting and helps you become solution-oriented. I have been in an organization where managers are all about mitigating risks rather than being innovative. I got to learn a lot about the potential of design thinking through case studies. Will definitely refer Prof. Jeanne's books in the future.
This course gave me extraordinary tools for the idea generation process; it helped me understand what a real brainstorming session is and, more importantly, it changed my mindset for the way I look at things in my Organization. I will take the tools this course has given me throughout my professional life, and I am sure I will be able to apply them pretty much everywhere. A big THANK YOU to Coursera for making this possible!
Having been an exchange student in Denmark and having gone back to Denmark quite a few times, I really enjoyed the information about The Good Kitchen. That alone let me to know that I would enjoy this class. After this class, I believe I will better know when to "run the numbers" and when applying design thinking might be the better avenue. This is a great starting point and I look forward to exploring more.
Loved this course. Clear, concise and logical. I am myself a designer and this process feels totally natural to me. I presented the Design Thinking concept to my team lead, who was also really keen to utilise it and follow it for our team's design process. Subsequently, we have got permission from our director to implement in our team, which is tasked with innovation within the company. Wins all round!!
Dr. Leitdka's delivery of the course was excellent.  Her and her peers presentation of core concepts in the Design Thinking methodology was superior.  I learned a great deal via videos, case studies, and examples to have a fundamental understanding of the framework and tools for real-world application.  Thanks to Dr. Leitdka and Coursera for permitting access to a great learning experience!
What i really loved about the course was the real life examples and cases. The Design Thinking tools explained in the course are very practical. Though we apply some of them in real life somewhere or other but the program gave me a very structured approach to apply them. I am sure, if applied properly the tools should be effective and produce desired results. Thank you! it was fun learning.
The course presentation was excellent. Jeanne made it very easy to follow and she was a joy to listen to. Her knowledge and passion for the subject was great and each topic flowed easily onto the next thus making easy to follow. The choice for the final assignment was also great as it made me put into practice al that was taught in the course. Thank you very much Jeanne for very good work.
Overall a great course to help understand the various aspects of design thinking and also helped put into perspective and channelize alot of practices that we are already implementing in our daily work environment. The examples of three different organizations implementing the design thinking in different ways to me was the highlight of the course. Thank You Professor for the great course.
A good introduction into the topic of design thinking. Even thought the participants only will get real understanding of the material when executing them in real life, as with so many topics that are being sought, this course helps you to understand what is special to design thinking. It helped me to distinguish it from e.g. agile/scrum, and be able to work within a design thinking team.
Excellent course for business leaders to get a flavour of this concept with some real-world case studies.  I'm actually making it a compulsory course for my management team.Clear presentation style pitched at just the right level with bite sized videos that can be watched offline with the App.Only improvement would be the addition of some quizzes through the course to test understanding.
I had the best experience through this course!  Not only did I pick up concepts and tools that I can apply immediately in my professional life, I also connected with new alumni who are just as motivated to engage in continuous learning as I am.  Thanks to UVA for making this available as a special opportunity for all alum during this time of immense change and progress in the world!
Very well crafted course that introduces Design Thinking concepts an their applications with specific and easy to understand examples. The course methodology and module flow inspires curiosity. There should be a detail module on Mind-mapping tool and its application. Further, some quizzes and case studies would help to reinforce the concepts and tools at the end of every module.
I enjoyed the design thinking for innovation course because it demonstrated how each design thinking tool applied to a real-world scenario. I never felt as if I was confused as the content flowed from one tool to the next and the discussion groups were a great help in understanding that other people were also having difficulties in applying these methods in their organisations.
Excellent description by Professor Jeanne M. Liedtka. Effective use of so many design tools and being open to situational changes are the key outcomes of the course. I believe this would help us direct our energy towards always having a growth mindset - this would be beneficial personally as well as professionally. Thank you Professor for educating us with your brilliant work.
This course focuses on getting in love with the problem, the "what is" of any situation to solve. If we all achieve this, all the tools from this course will be essential to properly define a solution and pivot / iterate it if necessary. All the practical and real life examples tie the lessons to existing problems, which make it easy to understand and improve our perspective.
This course was a really good opportunity to enhance my knowledge as well as learn how to use different design tools to solve any challenge. Also, the fact that I had the chance to review my peers' assignments gave me the opportunity to see how different people used design thinking to solve the problem. The instructor was very good and all the videos were really helpful.
What i loved most about this course It's short, simple, precise, to the point. This course highlights, repeats and recaps the basics of Innovation and it is done in such a manner that the foundation of innovation gets registered in your mind. I loved everything about it and will recommend people to take this to get their basics right for Design Thinking for Innovation.
I Thank the management of coursera to have given me an opportunity to take this course of Design Thinking  with financial aid and was able to complete the course before time. Thanking the team who have assessed my final project submissions and assessment.This has helped me to revive my career as a future innovator and work with kids in the field of design thinking.
Absolutely phenomenal. This was my first courser course ever taken and I have had within these past couple weeks million dollar ideas flow to my head thanks to my Father and Heaven and the talent and wisdom of these teachers at the Darden School of Business, I approve the value of this course and believe it is one of the best for a beginner. Thanks for everything!
I am very grateful that find this course. From this course I have different and more rich knowledge about design thinking than other course that I had. I share this design thinking perspective to my colleagues and implement it to my startup company. This course really change my life and bring real positive impact for my life, my business and my innovation journey.
A very nice, clear explanation of the principles of Design Thinking. Very useful for business leaders, as well as practitioners (the "makers"). Includes lots of great case studies and methods you can use to "think differently" about solving problems...and, as a result, creating solutions and services that meet (and exceed) your clients and customers needs.
Excellent course with concepts that can be applied immediately.  I thought this course was very well done.  The format is excellent with relevant content and intereEach learning segment is broken into small units so learners can watch videos as time permits.  I liked the transcript of the video below, which allowed me to go back and review key concepts.
This course was excellent. As a talent specialist, I learnt a great deal about how I could apply design thinking principles in the design and delivery of our learning and development solutions. The course also helped me to appreciate the value of a growth mindset required for innovation, and how we can develop those capabilities within ourselves and
This is an excellent course for anybody that works inside a large enterprise style organisation but has a need to build and lead small teams that can drive innovation. The course takes you through a series of tools that you can apply directly to your business challenges and the material is clearly delivered with reference to real world examples.
A thoroughly worthwhile course. It provides you with a good toolbox of ideas and tips on how to come up with the vision and proof of concept for your next project. You may have to attend the lectures more than once to take in all the information, however it was well worth the time. Thank you and ell done to Professor Jeanne Liedtka and her team.
Very interesting! The course is quite brief but concise. It's perfect for people who have an idea but don't know how to develop it and how to look at it in a more professional manner. Perhaps I would have appreciated to use some tool in a practical way, such as software for Mind Mapping and so on! Overall, very useful. It opened my mind! Thanks
Innovation is a black box and people interpret it differently. How mindset plays an important role and the way tools can be used to prepare yourself for Design Thinking of Innovation has been described very well in this course. I found it extremely useful and i thank you for all your effort in stitching such an effective online learning course
Great course with a solid introductory view of Design Thinking applied to Innovation. It was great to understand that Innovation is not a black-box that can only be opened by creative and disruptive ideas. Applying processes and tools in this context is my main takeaway and I look forward to keep using Design Thinking in my daily challenges!
After I watched all videos the first time, this course seemed to me very unstructured. I am a structure geek in learning. But then  I decided to go again. I watched all videos and materials and made callouts that helped me to identify the structure of the course. Now I can say it is structured. And inspiring. Thank you very much, Professor!
Design Thinking for Business Model Innovation definitely changed my way of seeing project management. The content of this course is precise and the lecturer is very knowledgeable. Lectures are very interesting, with real-life examples so students are able to understand better and easily become eager to jump in and listen class after class.
This course is full of ideas to find an alternative analysis or giving tool options to find solution model in challenges or problem we face. It seems that no matter how big and the value as long as we step back and evaluate the case, then we apply the approach the design thinking, we will find a way and approach to get solution. Thanks.
I appreciate learning some different techniques on how to approach situations and get information across to others in a manor which encourages working together towards a better solution.  Final project was insightful and pulled together so many of the concepts when applied.  I appreciated the effort and comments in the peer reviews.
This course for design thinking was very professional and easy to follow. The professor's words always made sense and contributed to my learning ability in an awesome way!! Very happy with this course and its professor. I would recommend this course to students who would like a to the point , real time teaching for design thinking.
The best beginner course you could ever want. Dr. Jeanne Liedtka is a great teacher and she teaches this course with great knowledge and experience of her as a professional. It was a great experience overall as in with the depth and broad perspective of things required and used with innovation in the process of product development.
I found the course very interesting. I have known the tools on which Design Thinking is based. I have met application cases which help me expand my use landscape in my work life. I recommend all professional and non-professional interested in obtaining unconventional tools to have innovative solutions to work and personal problems.
Great course that had just the right level of detail for a busy executive. I will be considering this for some members of my team. Covers the philosophy and mindset around Design Thinking in a refreshingly different way, and also some simple but foundational tools that can be applied to harness quick results from the methodology.
Very Good course. The faculty is extremely good.Really made tough concepts easy to comprehend and understand and that is a hall mark of a good faculty.  I really liked the various example videos that the faculty has used which shows that design thinking can be used in various settings whether, it is a NGO, a start up or an MNC.
This is a great course which has lots of helpful examples. I really enjoyed taking it and learning more about design thinking. The good explanation of design thinking tools will help me to apply them in several times and opportunities. There are a lot of ways to use design thinking tools and I am able to take my next challenge.
The content is very well presented along with examples which helps connect the dots. This course helps us plan, design , understand and implement the day to day as well as complex decisions. Sure this has been helping me as a manager in my current activities and also train others in delivering their responsibilities as a unit.
Consider best practices for the correct management of projects that are affected by time, cost, scope, quality, resources, organizational capabilities, and other limitations that make them difficult to plan, execute, manage, and ultimately succeed.I am grateful to Jeanne Liedtka and each trainer in this excellent course.
As a beginner, this was a perfect course to start with and get deeper understanding of Design Thinking and its application in real. The mix of other learners and reviewing peer-assignment is great way to understand how people work with Design Thinking globally. I recommend this course for beginners in Design thinking.
I enjoyed learning about the several Design Thinking tools with practical examples for each of them. Breaking down the design process into the four 'What' stages changed my perception towards how to approach problem solving in the industry. I believe the lessons I learned in this course will be helpful in my career.
I just loved the course. Not only it is interesting when it comes to content, but also the learning process is easy and flows in quite a natural manner. Improvements? It'd be great to add some content explaining more real cases, as they are hugely effective to settle concepts and give them a hands-on perspective.
I have really enjoyed the course, very nice to listen and very highly skilled contributors. It was perfect mix between theory and very good examples to illustrate how to apply Design Thinking methodology. Very structured class that gives you the essentials to start using Design Thinking, you feel well equipped.
An exceptional orientation to the design thinking process. Examples clearly illustrated design tools and methods for people who are new to this field. The assignment facilitated my thinking for how to apply these concepts to my own context. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and found it highly useful to my work.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! It was excellent, logical, thought-provoking, clear, useful and applicable to my work environment. I have already been using so many of the methodologies in my work projects and with clients. I highly recommend this as a short introduction to the principles of design thinking.
Compelling and interesing course mainly oriented to business and/or management students and workers. It's also complementary knowledge for designers (of any kind) who are looking to manage and direct different communication approaches to specific stakeholders groups in order to develop design applications.
Nice balance in the presentation of the course materials - Although much of the course is listening and paying attention to the course videos and examples if you are serious about Design Thinking, this course provides exceptional details and a rigorous final project to support your growth in the subject.
The course provides a human-centered,
possibility-driven, option-focused, and iterative and solution-based approach to solving problems. I am now more confident in my creative problem-solving abilities. It is a practical tool that we may use to advance our organizations thru innovations. Thank you!
This course introduced me to a new way of thinking. Honestly saying, I have heard about design thinking during my MBA days but this course introduced me to the scope and  many possibilities of design thinking and how it can be applied to many conventional problem and not only limited to innovation.
Being in this course was great, learning something new is always exciting to see that sometimes the craziest ideas can be the best, it helps me to be more risky. In my profession area, the most important thing is that people empathize with them and here they emphasized that, it makes me very happy.
I really appreciated this course. Jeanne is really interesting and presents the topic in a very appealing way. (I was so much motivated that I bouhgt the book and discussed with colleagues about this MOOC). It helped me to approach  problems in a new way and not hesitating to be confident about it.
There are not many Design Thinking courses available online- and this  one is among the best. The graded activity at the end makes you think hard on the application of the DT tools. Reviewing other learners' work also gives one insights into the application of the Design thinking methodology.
Highly organised and systematic lectures, with a fair share of real life examples and case studies, to give you a really good insight into the practical and theoretical aspects of Design Thinking. I loved being a part of this course, and enjoyed learning something that was totally new to me.
Very relevant and simple examples to be able to connect day-to-day life with the need and concepts of Design Thinking. The selection of videos is following a logical flow and as the weekly block is split into short video sections it makes it easier to follow and take breaks in between.
I am a young Engineering graduate seeking to venture into the Innovation and Entrepreneurship. The lessons in this course were quite simple and easy to comprehend despite my engineering background. Lessons were very practical and I intend to apply them in my future business operations
Thank you professors, guest speakers, team members for making such great course. I found a new approach to solve my real life problems. I have more confidence in working with innovation projects, and believe I can be creative too as long as I know how to approach & what tools to use.
One of the best courses I have ever attended. I am really impressed with the presentation of the content and the creativity of delivering the ideas. I have purchased the book "GROWTH" from Amazon, to add on what I've already learned in a deeper manner. Thank you, Thuraya Al Souli
Great course! A lot of intricate details that are generally missed out when making decisions are conceptualized and delivered in a really simple and interactive manner. This course would definitely help me see things from different perspectives and help me take better decisions.
Most inspiring! I was so excited about many of the topics and tools and examples, that right now, day and night, my mind comes up with quotes from the course and ideas where to apply and test what I learned there, determined to use every opportunity I have to use this framework.
Very good introduction to design thinking. Provides some useful tools that I have already used in my personal and professional projects and will continue to use in the future. Every video lesson was well done and tied the overall theme into the content well. Highly recommended!
Great course on Design Thinking. Easy to listen and to go through. The professor is very didactical and the material is very well designed and presented. I would recommend this course if you'll like to broaden your knowledge in this area. It is a must-have tool for management.
Such a fantastic course.  The videos were compelling and I learned so much without the stress of homework.  Perfect for full time working professionals who want to learn about design thinking, but do not have hours to invest in assignments.  The professor was really excellent.
Initially I thought this is something about Designing, but as per recommendation from my company I had to finish it. Now I feel so happy to take this course. Jeanne Lidtka and her colleages very well articulated and given lot of insights into design thinking. Thank you Jeanne
Thank you Jeanne M. Liedtka Ma'am. Thank you Coursera.It was a good experience for me as an young novice entrepreneur. I have gained immense knowledge about the dos' and do not s', about approaching a market with a product, targeted customers, etc. Thank you all once again.
This course surprised me. I had reservations before as I had prior mindset that it is for the "creatives". But this course made me realize a lot about how we can shape our minds and hone our skills to better connect with the world! Thank you Coursera and Jeanne M. Liedtka!
I thoroughly enjoyed the learning process and how it has made view Design thinking from a different angle. The Lecturers delivery of the content was amazing, from the way she spoke to the way she made use of visual aids. I am grateful to have learned  so much through Cou
Very good initiation course offering examples and tools supporting a slightly different approach of Design Thinking than the usual 5-to-7-step one (Empathy, Define, Ideate, Prototype...). I would recommand this course as a first dive into this broad and bold methodology.
Jeanne Liedtka's sessions were exceptional, insightful and set an important tone for following design thinking approach for creating products because it became evident from the course that designing the product and engaging with potential users is an intertwined process
Great course! I learned the basics of design thinking, what design thinking look like in the real world, and had the opportunity to apply a concept of design thinking into my own work. Very beneficial course and I can see this impacting my work in the future. Thank you!
Excellent course material, well organised and highly informative. It has given me a genuinely valuable and practical framework that can be applied in real life situations - as well as  some of the intellectual tools - to improve how I work. It was enjoyable to boot!
I liked the course and am sure the knowledge gained here will be extremely useful in my work. And I realize, that learning and Design Thinking is a continuous process; there's so much to do and to learn!I am grateful to Jeanne and the team that put it all together.
Design thinking really drives you to the process of asking better questions, to challenge status quo and have a different perspectives of common problems and how to solve them. have a huge respect and admiration for Professor Jeanne Liedtka and Ed Hesse. Thank you.
This course made me know the secret of the success of the greatest companies, this secret is the design thinking and a lot of tools used together with visualization and storytelling and mental maps .. I am grateful to Coursera and for this course and instructors
perfect alignment of topics and best examples have been given which are in the real business world that actually happened.  That showed how they did manage the situation to come out of it and how they succeeded in it. like kitchen story and, an app for fitness.
Its an excellent course for beginner. Also being in community makes it interacting. I would recommend every financial professional to also develop critical thinking through design thinking process. The course is well explained with some very good case studies.
The lecture videos move very fast at times but the information is concise and useful. The professor uses lots of examples to illustrate each of the topics covered and helps facilitate the students in adapting the concepts into their own lives and experiences.
This as been one of the most rewarding MOOCs I have taken, and I can't recommend it enough . ‎Professor Jeanne Liedtka totally demystified the design thinking process,  and tools, and made it very accessible.  Thank you Coursera, thank you ‎Professor Liedtka.
It was an excellent course and opened up lot of ideas on Design Thinking. The real time case studies and the way people solved their problems through design thinking is an excellent motivation to take up design thinking seriouslyDr. V. Vijay Anand Sriram
It is an excellent course for everyone to bring in innovation and creativity into their work by following certain basic principles and approach. The course is well designed and the assignment really makes you use the learnings holistically. Thank you !!
This is a super relevant course across all industries and I really loved the different use cases used as examples. I thought the content and delivery was top notch and really appreciated the feedback shared by my virtual class. Thanks Professor Liedtka!
Although I would have loved to see more about each part of the Design Thinking process, this course gave me a very useful insight to further study Design Thinking. Moreover, it helped me start off the purpose of a business endeavor with friends of mine.
This Course is the best ! I would strongly recommend this course for developing their skills in this 21st century . I thank Prof.Jeanne Liedtka and university of Virginia Darden school of business for creating such a useful course . Thank you so much .
The course is very engaging, rich and exciting. There is no struggle to memorize content as it reflects on daily life activities as story telling, visualization, launch tests etc. It is  a normal daily journey. The terminologies are also use friendly.
Although I did the free version, I have to say that it is a super easy, well laid out introduction to design thinking... Makes you buy lots of books and go in to researching the tools though :-) Thanks! I will definitely come back for certification...
I have been looking for a Design Thinking course for quite a while and I have taken some other courses already. This course if what I was looking for, as it provides high quality content with created by experts in the field that is usable right away!
I enjoyed this learning, the content, the videos and the visualisations that support them. I enjoyed the assignment at the end and getting the opportunity to learn how others applied the learning by reviewing their assignment submissions. Thank you!
The course content and material was very well put together and enabled a well paced learning within the provided duration. However I'd suggest that the assignment gets some more information early on as if it is left too late the time may be limited.
In the limited course time available, Professor Liedtka and others such as Prof. Hesse delivered a well-planned, passionate and inspiring overview of the use of Design Thinking.  The real-world case studies were also helpful and thought-provoking.
I found this course very useful since it demystified the word design as something only for specialists. I've learned that this innovation approach is for everybody, it is consistent and it is effective in business. Thanks a lot Professor Liedtka.
I learn so much and how the video lectures are presented really break it down very easy to understand. I find the information very useful to my own entrepreneurship and design thinking processes. I feel ready to try out some of these steps soon.
The content kept my attention! It's important to take good notes and revisit some of the course material for your own self-growth and knowledge. I completed early and was very fulfilled with the subject mater. I would definitely recommend this!
Excellent course. It gave me the tools to better understand techniques and tools to address every day problems on a work environment. Congratulations to all the professors and teachers who gave their time to put together this course.Thank you!
Nice high level overview of what is design thinking and what are some tools and strategies that can be used when trying to use innovation to solve a problem. Great stories and examples by the lecturers. Course was simple and easy to complete.
This course was very useful since we try to implement a very similar process. The course showed me an alternate way to look at the design thinking/digital innovation process. The course was well laid out, structured and executed. Thank you.
This is a very good course for people who want to start off on design thinking, Jean taught the concepts and techniques very well. The examples provided in the course really shows the value that design thinking can bring to an organization.
I felt in love of COURSERA courses ! Very lean information that i learned from this course. It will be really helpful to implement learning from this course into regular project activities. I'm damn sure it will help me to get best results.
It was a very nice and interesting experience, and a proper beginning for me to study Design Thinking. I agree with the students who want another version of this course, with more advanced concepts and applications. Thanks a lot! I enjoyed.
This is a great course! I'm two weeks down and am already able to apply what I've learnt. The course breaks down complicated topics to easily process able bits and pieces. Jeanne is a great teacher and has good clarity in explaining things.
Through simple insights, real life examples and great visualization tools, this course offers in a few weeks enough material to change your perspective about alternative ways to tackle big and small scale problems. I'd recommend to anyone.
According to me the course which i have selected was really very interesting, i got to learn many things from the case studiesI would like to thanks the whole team of coursera to teach me this concept and spend your valuable time with me.
Very thought provoking and stimulating presentations.  All lectures felt more like conversations rather than lectures.  This made learning more enjoyable.  Overall course added greatly to new experiences in design work in my new position.
Design  Thinking for Innovation is one challenging course but when you get to understand it it is one course that gets you thinking on your own accord. I myself had been stuck in analysis paralysis until Coursera gave me this opportunity.
This is a great course and I learned a lot from it. However lectures are already outdated. My suggestion for the University of Virginia is to update their lectures for I saw in one of the clips that the lectures are dated way back 2010.
Excellent course giving a thorough overview of design thinking and how it applies to complex problems. Engaging and well paced modules that go over the different stages of design thinking and some of the key tools to make it practical.
This was a beautifully structured journey through the exciting path of Design Thinking. My heartfelt gratitude goes for Jeanne & the team to teach us this emerging topic in such a lucid, focused, and practical way. Highly recommended.
Learnt a lot about Design Thinking! The practical assignment in the 5th week helped me reinforce the material I learnt in the course. Thank you University of Virginia and Coursera for giving me an opportunity to learn Design Thinking!
An excellent short course from best selling author and professor at Darden School of Business. Clear and compelling content delivered in a very efficient manner.Recommend to those who want a quality introduction into design thinking.
I particularly liked the peer reviewed assignment at the end. Not all peer submissions from other users were made seriously, but for me it was a good opportunity to think about what I have learned and how it is applied in practice.
Great course, really changing mindset and providing clear and well-structured approach to new way of thinking! Professor Liedtka and her colleagues are really impressive with their knowledge, enthusiasm and charisma! Thanks a lot!
Great course. It really helped me understand the importance of design thinking and how it can be applied to avoid rework and achieve great results with team collaboration. Thanks a lot Coursera and University of Virginia for this.
A very well laid out structured learning program. Course pace & content is great & triggers enough thinking during the course assignment. I recommend the course to all those who want to bring in structure to thinking & innovation
Interesting topics as it let me learn actual experiences from cases of IBM, and Good Kitchen as well as the visual diagram of George and Geoff. The course itself stood to its true purpose of design thinking. Highly recommended!
I think it was a very informative course with a lots of real time examples to take inspirations from.I strongly recommend this course to all organizations, so that they can come up with innovative solutions for their customers.
Excellent pragmatic take on Design Thinking - a fairly complex subject that was made as easy to understand. Really enjoyed Prof Liedtka - am ready for a more advanced course on this very interesting subject - thank you so much
Design thinking for innovation is an excellent course to develop any type of project or business. This course has ideal resources to develop ideas thinking about the people you intend to serve. I highly recommend this course.
Very good quick crash-course, giving the duration. Helps you set and organize your mind around problems at work and problems in general. Slight critique: Assignments are complicated to understand what exactly has to be done.
I feel honored and privileged to be part of this valuable course, and I wish to thank professor Liedka and her colleagues in the Darden school of business to provide remarkable resources for this class about design thinking.
I'm loving this course. It works and explains the ideas in a very clear way. The tools are very usefull and I'm just thinking about learning more and more with this team and with coursera plataform. Thanks a lot and move on!
Great introductory course on design thinking. I found it very useful to have an overall idea of how to use design thinking for innovation. Furthermore, it provides guidelines on how to apply design thinking on your own work.
This course is so elegantly structured that in spite of very busy schedule of mine I could still complete it and also could quickly apply. I think the fundamental thinking of "Fail or succeed fast" is built in to this course
The whole course is structured in a very systematic way to make everyone understand the concept. we can feel the experience of professors who are teaching the subject. Live examples made this course interesting and engaging
Its really an awesome course which gave a very good knowledge about innovation and design thinking through many examples - mainly story telling. we are great that we are introduced with four important tools generally used.
Very well structured and organized course. The learning material was just right. I got the value I expected from this course. Jeanne is an excellent tutor. The effort Darden has put in to develop this course is impressive.
Absolutely awesome course. Makes you really go back to the drawing board and re-evalate if we are building products the right way with our customers in mind. A must have course for every product developer and entrepreneur.
It is a very interesting course that helps people undertand new methologies for innovation. I  recommend taking this course if you want to provoke change in your company and in your life, but till now you do not know how.
I definitely recommend it. I explained in a broad way how this technique or method of Design Thinking could help corporations and individuals to create new services and products, and to improve the ones we already have.
This was a really nice course and I really enjoyed it. It was exactly what I needed since I am currently working on a project that requires my team members and myself to apply the Design Thinking methodology. Thank you!
This course is an excellent overview of design thinking with case studies. It provides excellent foundational material and sources for further study and practice. The peer-review final assignment exercises the learning.
A very nice course for entrepreneurs and the people working for innovation to make the world a better place. In this course, I learnt about the basics of design thinking, it's tools and their application in the process.
I think its a straightforward course thus being effective. It talks about the mindshift needed and the tools available. It also brings several good examples. I also like Professor Liedtka enthusiasm and holistic vision.
Filled with real world examples and step-by-step process, Design Thinking for Innovation is an awesome course to get started on Design Thinking. This was specially useful for my upcoming projects so thank you very much!
This course is designed well and the examples are also very properly placed with the course content. Learnt a lot from the course, I think this course would be helpful for all irrespective of the Industry they work in.
Content was well covered with case studies and examples. Tools shared in this course are useful in day to day practice and to derive outcome.  It helped me in structuring thought process well during innovation process.
Very nicely developed with powerful videos, content and resources. For a beginner who is interested in DT I think it is one of the best courses.  My heartfelt gratitude to Prof. Jeanne for floating such a nice course.
Enlightening! It gives clear structure to many notions and preconceived ideas. It provides useful tools to face the ever-changing environment with innovation bravery. I liked it a lot and start applying it right away.
The course was a great introduction to the design thinking process.  I found it to be surprisingly powerful and effective in illustrating how to 'design think' and have already applied it to my job.  Highly recommend!
I enjoyed the course very much, and found it highly insightful. I look forward continuing learning and applying Design Thinking, as it is a great creative and effective approach to any challenge and organization. I
The course was quite amazing and the best part of this is that we can actually apply the method in real scenario. Thank you for bringing this course on Coursera. The instructor was also very engaging and polite.
Excellent, fresh content. I've taken many courses on design thinking, but this one was unique in its tone and approach. It speaks to the executive audience in a way other materials have not, which I appreciated.
Very good course I recommend to everyone interested in learning new ways to develop solutions in any field of business or beyond, Jeanne is a great teacher an explains all with simplicity and easy understanding.
Great introduction into Design Thinking from one of the leading voices of Design Thinking. Vastly exceeded my expectations and would strongly recommend it to anyone that is trying to solve any type of challenge
im a user experience designer and this was a really insightful course from a business perspective to help paint the larger picture of how design thinking can be applied to more uses than just digital products.
Jeanne has been one of the best presenters I've ever seen. The words from her mouth carry great depth of thoughts and passion for what she cares about. I'm definitely retaking this course in the coming future.
Excellent Content for people who want to peruse Design Thinking for innovation.  This course gives you a new perspective  and methodology  which can be applied while building a business model or a case study.
I really like that it is an interactive online course and it is used the "we learn from each other" approach. As a recommendation, I would include more references to the tools presented throughout the course.
Great course with a lot of insightful content and several practical cases that can give you a nice good approach to Design Thinking fundamentals.It was one of the best courses that I´ve ever took at Coursera.
A great course for those that are new to Design Thinking or those who have been practicing & applying the concepts in problem solving for years but without this formal title or methodology. Highly recommend!
It was a wonderful experience to be a part of this course.I have learnt many things new concepts & got clarity about many topics.I am looking forward to implementing the teaching of this course in my career.
This course in very useful for experience manager like myself. It help to change the mindset dealing with day to day work. Help me to switch to growth mindset from fixed mindset tackling difficult problems.
So far, this is the best online course I have taken. Prof. Liedtka was engaging, their case studies were all interesting, and the pace was just perfect. From a course designer perspective, this one is tops.
I learned alot from this course. Helped me to look at things differently and also paved my thinking towards design and innovation. I will highly recommend this course. It is for any background professional
Very inspiring for me! All these things learning in the class can be applied to various aspects of my work and especially my life. I want to thank Professor Jeanne for your brilliant sharing and teaching!
It has helped in building my understanding about designing rather simply sketching it meant to me. It gave me a broad spectral view on coming across each product and to make resourceful ideas for the same
Design thinking to me is what wows and mind mapping to me is a gift and it takes wisdom to operate in such dimension a stable mind not a double mind and i am glad to be part of the design thinking family
This Course is amazing to learn about Handling any situation. This course focused on some highlighting Features to gather knowledge about aspects we are or will be subjected to deal in some time of life.
Grate Content, very relevant to today's problems.  Prof. Jeanne M. Liedtka is charismatic and so good at holding the class at an all-time high. I would recommend this to all the managers in the business.
For a self paced, online course this is an excellent beginners course.  The lectures are simple and examples given are very apt. I also liked the peer grading enforced as I could learn from them as well.
This course was excellent. It was enriching, well planned, and provided a great overview. The professor's videos are great resources, and she is a wonderful instructor. I can't wait to sign up for more.
The course was power packed with meaningful statements,practical examples, expressions that goes into sub-conscious mind and many one liners to remember for a life time "Chances comes to prepared mind".
good course .Helpful in  developing  our  thinking process .learnt about learning mind set that is needed for innovation. good industry oriented professors. i will recommend  it to my friends.Thank you
Very well explained with lots of practical examples - would highly recommend this course to anyone looking at getting an initial understanding of design thinking and how it can be applied practically.
This is very good course for every body whatever your background, your education & your job role position. I highly recommend to get this training to change, gain & create your mindset for innovation.
Amazing course! Well structured, explained and executed! Thank you so much to all the passionate moderators, I thorough enjoyed it and learned soooooo much! I'm excited for my next course with you!
Concepts are presented in a straightforward and clear way, the examples and lectures are very relevant to the context and support the knowledge. Looking forward to using the tools in my activities.
I think it is too interesting a course, it opens your mind and makes you see a wide horizon of possibilities to analyze before making a decision inside or outside of business, I recommend it 100%
Hi there,I am very grateful to have attended this program because it contains a very inspiring and mind-blowing curriculum. As I attended classes, my awareness of the subject increased much more.
I enjoyed the ability to learn at my own pace and time.  The videos, transcripts and resources are excellent.  I highly recommend this course for Public Servants who deliver services or products.
Definitely the best course I've never seen! it is mostly based on the experience of the "teachers" and gives relevant feedback. Lesson learnt and best practices are the baseline of this course.
A very interesting course, with lots of good content. I am excited to learn more now about design thinking. The video featuring Dr. Hess was hilarious!  I would love to take a course with him!
I recommend the course. I found very interesting the way the course addresses design thinking applied to business, as well as the opportunity to learn about the cases developed by classmates.
It's a great
course with good material to learn, in fact I realize that visual
communication, empathy and a good interpersonal relationship can express your
point of view in an engaging way.
I have learned so much from this course and it has unlocked a new way of thinking for me in design and I hope that there will be more courses like these available so I can improve my skills.
I have learned lots of things from this course especially how to make decisions strategically and think positively. I also learned how to think and visualize things.  I really appreciate it.
This course has been really helpful for me , mainly I like about the way mindmapping of customers has been explained , also I liked the learning launch tool, when time and cost is constraint
It has been an amazing Learning Experience and the course was well designed with useful and appropriate videos. Prof Jeanne M Liedtka is an Outstanding course presenter with full of energy.
Excellent course providing a way how to apply designing thinking to find user-centered solution of  not only large corporate problems but equally for  small problems encountered frequently.
This course has helped to unlock my true potential as a UX Designer. It will help me for many years to come.Especially in an increasingly changing world where we have to do more with less.
Really helped me to gain another perspective on different solutions and how thinking out of the box, and even in the box but from another perspective may be very productive and innovative.
It was an excellent course to dive into Design Thinking and creativity. I'm more than satisfied about it and I'd love to enrol in courses that brings DT and creativity to the next level!
The course was good and well planned. The structured classes were good and the knowledge you gain from this of amble amount. This is a beginner's course so it doesn't go int too detail.
It was great to be a part of this course. I've enjoyed a lot. And now, I've started working on my Storytelling and Visualization skill. The instructors are very amazing and charming. :)
I really enjoyed this course! It's informative, insightful and focused on practical application. It will definitely help me inspire deeper application of design thinking within my firm.
It was a great experience while learning using coursera. The course I'd taken is nicely designed and I enjoyed all over. Thank you so much for providing this learning opportunity. Best!
Thank you so much to the Coursera team. I really enjoyed the process and learnt a lot of new tools along the course that I am  sure will be very useful in my career and job enviroment.
Amazing course and an awesome tutor. I would definitely recommended this course to all who would wish to learn design thinking and want to influence others by their thoughts and story.
I was very happy with my experience with the course. The information and videos taught me a lot about design thinking and the writing assignment was a great way assess that knowledge.
I am very thankful that I had the opportunity to enroll in this course. It gave me so many skills that I will definitely use in the future for different purposes. I am very grateful!
This course gave me an opportunity to learn 'practical' Design Thinking directly from the inspiring teacher/professor , Jeanne Liedtka with very engaging course videos and exercises.
Professor Liedtka keeps you engaged throughout the course.  You learn at your own pace what you need to know to kick start a new way of solving problems by applying design approach.
It was an amazing experience. Very happy with it. Very well designed, and top quality in terms of content and - specially - technology. Applicability is high. I am totally satisfied
The course includes several tools to implement the design thinking approach. Also gives some example on how big companies have resolved their own strategic problems using this tool
This course changed my independent thinking into dependent thinking I really inspired by the instructor and her associates for excellent instructional course design and delivery.
I have learned a lot of useful and inspirational information with regards to design thinking. I am certain that I will be using most of the content from the course.Thanks a lot.
The course is very thorough and interesting. The course length and the manner in which the lector's are spread out allow flexibility to complete weekly tasks. Enjoyable course.
A very creative course and helped me gain a lot of insight towards how to process, arrange and interpret your thoughts and also, how to foster innovative and creative thinking.
I like very much how all topics are handle by main instructor.Real life samples always are pleased welcome.  not all the slides used in the course are available for download.
It is a must course for the newly startup guys or Students who are currently focussing on many things , these course will brainstorm and boost your mind with the design tools
The Course has comprehensively covered all the insights required for desing thinking. It gave me an idea on how holisticly we need to review the problems/areas of concern.
I've learned a lot of different techniques and gained perspective through this course that no other content on internet could provide me. This course is "Impact delivered"
This is one of the best courses I have done online. The content is well structured and the flow is excellent. I have learnt so much on design thinking. No regrets at all!
I learned a lot from this course. The explanation fro the lecturer was simple yet practical. The assignment also helped me to implement what i have learned in the course.
I love the methodology that was taught in this course, even the reading list is robust and complimentary. It's actionable and very relevant in today's business landscape.
This course is very enlightening. It is able to tackle what we need to know about design thinking for innovation. The video lectures and resources are very comprehensive.
This was such a great course and introduction to Design Thinking. Was fantastic and well structured course which was easy to work through and apply to the end assignment.
Excellent course. Well presented, really compelling examples and material. To me, the 2nd best course I've taken on here (2nd to Richard Shell's Success course at Penn).
Interesting course! I had certain idea about design thinking prior to taking this course however this added the much needed value to my knowledge! Very much recommended!
Thank you for conducting such a meaningful course. It was a good learning and has inspired me to start practice design thinking in  rigorously to solve many unmet needs.
Thank you for the team, it's an excellent learning Journey, i was thinking to learn design thinking for past couple of years. Now it's Done ! Many Thanks. -Prabakaran K
Enjoyed every session and use cases presented that provided deeper insights and power of design thinking to engage. The instructors made all the difference.  THANK YOU.
Excellent course, great start and an eye opener to innovation, how to make it the right way and how to avoid the common mistakes and get acquainted with it. Thanks. Ali
This course leads to a better understanding of what is Design Thinking. The lessons are explained with real life examples, which make the subject easier to understand.
This course has opened my mind to creative thinking, believing in the act of process that it is fine to fail cause there are chances to succeed after a failed attempt.
A really informative course, helps you in the long run. Do check it out. Final assignment was an excellent way to effectively put the various techniques learnt to use.
Very good course to get the Design Thinking Journey started. Jeanne Liedtka was engaging throughout. I liked almost all modules. Learning launch would be my favorite.
This is one of the most amazing courses I have ever done. I am charged to change the world around me in a sober and meaningful manner. Thank you for the opportunity.
Very usefull training. All areas and companies should take a look and learn the advantages that DT brings to organizations and them businesses. I truly recommend it.
Excellent professor, clear concepts delivered in a manner which inspires and excites. I am hoping for many more of such courses as it has transformed the way I work.
This will really contribute to your skills and knowledge. This course help me to cope in a changing world. Thinking everything as something to innovate and renovate.
Design thinking encourages to think radically and i believe the content of the course has made it more lucid to understand and implement in your day to day situation
A great course into a totally new concept. Explains in great depth, the myriad opportunities Design Thinking brings for all of usKudos to the Team of Design Thinking
This course gave me an insight of vital things in design thinking by  explaining how to enhance the process of thinking using elaborative examples and case studies.
I found this course realy useful. The delivery style was also quite good. I recommended it to three of my friends. One has signed up and is with the current cohort.
One of the best courses I have ever experienced. I would recommend this to all people, who are looking for extraordinary performance at work place and in business.
this is one of the best courses I have ever taken!definitely helping my career: at my current job but also with what I want to do next and how to continue growing.
This course will enhance your business acumen, no matter your experience level. The course itself is manageable and the instructors share many beneficial concepts.
Content is the heart of any course and this course  has got that perfectly. A useful and impactful course for people who want to explore new approach in Innovation
Very interesting, and we see how sometimes we already use the tools learned on a daily basis but we end up seeing the importance and how to do it more effectively
Great course for learn specific tools I can use on a design thinking process. I appreciate the for powerful questions: What is ?, what if? what wows ? what works?
This course is amazing, provide very good information, with excellent examples. I recommend to everybody who wants to know about Design Thinking take this course.
An accurately structured course which introduces new design tools in a systematic way along with examples. Jeanne Leidtka explained each and every point clearly.
An amazing course, very well understandable for a beginner. The lectures and examples used to explain the tools are so effective, one can easily understand them.
Definitely a course for everybody to learn to understand and evaluate the situations better in real life and workplace. This also helps to find better solutions.
Very Useful Course ,The course was a eyeopener for me in identifying the different approach to solve the problem,The examples are very effective, and Thank You.
The course provides crystal clear example of what and how to apply Design Thinking. You may also take IBM Free Design Thinking course to complement this course.
The course opened my mind to the technical use of design thinking tools. For me design in general has always been important, but now I feel I can argue from it.
Very informative and insightful. This class teaches ways in which to make development & implementation of new ideas and processes more efficient & less costly.
This well structured course gave me insight of many unknowns to me. I will surely recommend it to any young manager who is in peruse of his carrier of success.
Great introduction and explanation about design thinking. Really love the course and the techniques of design thinking. I definitely will use it in daily life!
This is an amazing course, which helps you understand fundamental concepts of Design Thinking and how it can help one innovate and solve problems at workplace.
Very Informative course with Case studies which helps reinforce the concepts in a concrete manner. The expertise of the professors made the course more rich.
Great course! Very interesting topic and very clear examples!I intend to continue using the techniques learned and improve their use towards my daily duties.
Simple explanations, great examples and very easy to follow. Gained a lot of insights about the whole process. Intrigued to learn more about Design Thinking.
Excellent course for practitioners  who are involved in some way or other on projects which could deliver better through design thinking through innovation.
very informative and implication based course. Especially an innovative approach to link the content in day to day teaching learning and management skills.
This is really awesome! The instructors were so detailed in the lectures. I have rich knowledge of what design thinking for innovation is all about. Thanks
Was really a pleasant experience. Was some motivating that i bought both book versions (theoretical and practical). Really would love to go deeper into it.
A very good course. Helps you to understand how to look at a business problem and provide solution to it by thinking creatively leading to true innovation.
Very clever storytelling made  good picture in my mind and is still there as visual thinking guide.i have had some courses already that was one of my top 5
The lecture videos are very good, the flow of the content is too good. Also the speaker is very articulate and speaks with lot of experience and expertise
It was very informative and when the assigments were submitted it was not up to the mark but later based on the feedbacks given was able to correct myself
Very useful and interesting approach for innovation, the course is dinamic, engaging and strongly practical and full of examples. I strongly recommend it.
This was, by far, the most useful online course I have taken. The course quality is excellent and the concepts were explained clearly. I highly recommend.
I really liked this course, it was very well explained and detailed while being very inspiring. All the content was very valuable and very well prepared.
It was easy to understand with examples and tools like storytelling, visualization, and mind map along with the question to ask why, what, who helped me.
Inspiring and great course. IMO one of the best approaches and mind-set for successful innovations, where customers are part an important of the process.
Coursed details was good within a limited time frame.Got to learn and understand the problem and getting solutions with a diffrent perspective.Thank you.
It is such a great course that i learned how to solve the problems by using design thinking toolkit .. advice you to join it and make your mind different
I really loved this course, helped me empathize the users experiences. would help in many places to get more valuable insights on the products we develop
It a good course, great instructor. It made me to better understand the innovation process and the tools equipped. Please keep doing such a good course.
Very informative, highly recommend the course to people new to the concept of design thinking and seasoned Design Thinking practitioners as a refresher.
Excellent course about Design Thinking with lots of insides and depth into how to apply it. Examples of tools usage could be more elaborate in the how's
I really enjoyed this course, I thought it was very well structured and covered the topic in as much detail as I need for an introduction to the subject
Very very good course, it changes your way of thinking and gives you an overview off all the tools you could use to cover a problem in a disruptive way
Excellent Course. In certificate, if the duration of course (start date of course and completed date of course) is mentioned, it will be useful for us.
Excellent to learn about the tools for Design Thinking. All companies should use many of these tools to generate creative ideas and motivate team-work!
Great content, structure and basic fundamentals of Design Thinking. Never a dull course even on my second take of this one. Great job Jeanne and team!
Good structure, valuable content, very didactic. It contains videos, diagrams, bibliography that helps to explain and better understand the knowledge.
Very nicely designed course. It was very easy to follow. It explains the different ways to solve any particular organizational problem or a challenge
I enjoyed this course, it was challenging and well thought out.  I am confident that I will be able to apply the concepts learned to my work.  Kudos!
Great course from the beginning to the end. It challenge you, motivates you and become a person with a different sense of (and tools for) innovation.
I did enjoy this course very much, lectures were interesting and the examples very helpful to really understand concepts and how to apply the theory
I have enjoyed this course because is presenting so many practical examples on how the methodology is used, also comparing with a classical approach
Very good insight on how to use thinking for better managing your work. How to use innovation for your daily work assignments and make things better
This course helped me a lot to know about design thinking. I had attended some session, but it was not clear. After this course, I am confident now.
Insightful and provides a framework for design thinking - foreground a growth mindset while not neglecting disconfirming facts while experimenting!
Excellent program for understanding the basics of Design Thinking and provides various tools and framework for implementation. Highly recommended.
I found this program to be most helpful and useful and would consider participating in another program offered by this organization and professor.
This course was extremely insightful and helped me learn a lot more about Design Thinking. It has helped me with my professional growth immensely.
Absolutely Brilliant course, Delivered in simple concise manner. Good example and cases used to illustrate the benefits of Design thinking method.
Well conceptualized..... and packaged.... Whets your appetite for the concept and has adequate references and well thought out evaluation concept.
Excellent instructor, well organized, succinct.  As a busy professional I thought this class provided excellent value and was time well invested.
this course helps me a lot. i gain so much information and knowledge in terms of design thinking. thank you for this wonderful and helpful course
I really enjoyed this design thinking course. It opened my eyes and allowed me to think and analyse any problem by using different design tools.
This course gives an insight into systematic approaches to be followed for innovation . A must needed toolkit for anyone involved in innovation.
An excellent introduction to design thinking. The stories are great and the tools explained in the course are useful in many sectors of business
Excellent course. It is very well paced and rightly explained. Good case study examples and various tools described. Thank you for the efforts.
I finished the course after 1year. I spent a year to introduce the process in my project and i'm more than happy from the results we achieved.
Excellent course with very good examples of full scale success. Everybody should take it to open a new way for seeing things. Congratulations!
The use of examples and explanations from entrepreneaurs and its connections with the experiences and models from the authors were very useful
Really clear course. Many atingent examples and tools. Very actual aproach and very down to earth. Thanks! It really help me broaden my mind.
very detailed course and covers the concepts which are mere approach in day to day life. It is fun as well as informative with real scenarios
Loved the Prof and guest speakers!!!Learning and Application Examples were used appropriatelyGreat mix of video, interviews, and power points
One of the best courses I have taken from Coursera. The professor and the team involved in this course are great. Highly value added content.
it was really a great opportunity to enroll in such amazing course. Special thanks goes for Prof. Jeanne for her great effort in this course
great instructor and guests were able to transmit a lot of content, and certainly inspired many students to go deeper in the design thinking
This course is a very good starting point for someone who wants to design and implement innovation and create solutions in their work field.
I really loved this trip... I feel it help me to open my mind and reflect about some points of view that were out of my radar. Thanks a lot!
Good course for me since I had never heard of Design Thinking before taking this course. Good coverage of all four tool and how to use them.
This is a very informative course. I gained new skills to problem solving. Would have preferred more elaborate notes. and more case studies.
This course helped me understand that innovation needs methodological thinking. There is way to train our team and organization to innovate.
Wonderful Course. Got to learn a lot of new and interesting stuff. And interacted with quite a lot of intelligent and enthusiastic learners.
It really was an excellent course, with more than trained teachers, where I learned a lot about creative thinking in general. Great course.
Excellent course, a group of extraordinary teachers and very well specified examples.
I have a great experience from the course.
Thank you.
Great course! Provides practical examples so that concepts are easy to grasp. Ideal for those that have no experience with Design Thinking.
Great course! I can see a lot of opportunities for innovation.  New mindset and new methods when the goal is innovation. Thank you so much!
Excellent introduction to design thinking, and a great assessment task that applies the theory to a practical scenario. Highly recommended.
Wonderful course! It was very interesting, well conducted, ideas presented in a way that's easy to understand. I definitely recommend it :)
Thank you in advance for the opportunity provided to enroll this course, thanks to which I have been able to reinforce previous knowledge.
Fantastic course to understand the design thinking. Approach that I believe will be increasingly used in the collaborative business future
Being a UX Designer and whos always work for the end-users, Learning is an important part of my job and life. This course helped me a lot.
Fantastic. The course is concise and gives applicable advice on how to use design thinking to address issues and create value for clients.
I found the course especially beneficial in finding inspiration in designing a process. It applies to areas beyond design and innovation.
very much effective for developing your strategic thinking, thinking of innovation, and problem-solving. the instructors are just amazing
Great course for professionals. Teach you how to think outside the box and the tools to achieve new ideas. You don't have to be a genius!
Very good course indeed. If you you want to gain elementary knowledge on design thinking then this course is highly recommended for you.
A very nice and curated introduction to the world and possibilities of Design Thinking.  Loved the examples and structure of the course.
This is a great course for beginners. It could be longer and more detailed, but it's good for a first step. Enjoyed learning very much!
Very good introduction to Design Thinking approach and tools. Enjoyed the class very much and could apply the new knowledge in my work.
Thoroughly enjoyed all the sessions and gained the insider perspective to managing diverse aspects of a problem using design thinking.
The best opportunity for any individual wanted to become an entrepreneur or are already in this field to think and work out of the box
Great course for the beginners who want to grow in every aspect of their life and understand & implement things in an innovative way .
lots of ideas, lots of experiments with hypocrisy, collaboration and visulization(mind mapping).....its a realy a physic of innovation
This course is very helpful in finding new ways how to be more creative and would give you a new perspective in thinking innovatively.
Amazing course by Jeanne. I really loved the content. Looking forward to apply the learning in my business as well as life problems.
Amazing course , i thoroughly enjoyed the videos and examples used. The tools shared are simple to use and effective in designing cu
Very nice and coherent overview of DT approach. I highly recommend committing few hours to this course and gaining valuable insights
A very compelling and resourceful course. Professor Jeanne M. Liedtka's approach to educating design thinking is rather fascinating.
The course was really interesting and clear. Also, it was easy to understand with many examples tosynthesize what has been learned.
I thanking you for giving me this opportunity to learn Design Thinking which is really helpful and useful in my company and my life
Excellent course. Get amazing ideas and tools for your projects. I liked it so much that I bought the book and repeated the course.
Very great course, I learned a lot, it was very practical for me and easy to apply to daily business. I can totally recommend this!
This was my first course at Coursera.com and everything was new ... Language, sequence and evaluations. Really enjoyed. Thank you!
I have learned many new concepts and ideas regarding Design Thinking for Innovation and this course is nicely design for learners.
amazing course. I enjoyed very much the methods and the way it was presented. very clear and it was pity the course was too short.
This course bring a very good insight about Design Thinking and help me open my mind and curiosity to learn more about this topic.
Very good introduction course to have a good overview of the Design Thinking process and how to apply into any innovation process.
I used some free days to run through the material - and had a lot of knowledge before. This course was a perfect round-up. Thanks!
Great course to understand the process and the mind mapping to bring on ideas and understand the challenges in a focused approach
Great course presenting the basics of design thinking in a very practical way.Recommended for every business developer out there!
Wonderful Course. Happy to be part of the wonderful learning. Now, it is my responsibility to implement the learning and grow. :)
Fantastic couse for anyone who is interested in learning the unique and powerfull problem solving method known as design thinking
A methodological approach that provides both a global overview of Design Thinking and tools to solve real life scenarios with it.
Excellent work explaining and generating diverse points of view !!!I liked that different people with great visions participated
Excellent course, easy to do on my own time, teaching videos were very high quality. I learned a lot and enjoyed the experience.
Great introduction into a topic I had never heard of. I liked the use of stories to explain the usefulness of the various tools.
Awesome curse, a place where you get to practice what you learnt. Good starting point for this new lifestyle of design thinking.
This course provided an engaging introduction to Design Thinking along with its practical application and interesting use cases.
This course is very inspiring and practical. It gave me few insights for my job and I'm going to drill more in DT pecularities.
Great Course! The problems which were discussed were very realistic. I loved how to breakdown each problem and work towards it.
the teaching was very good. they have taught me a lot of tools that i can use as a professional and i am very thankful to them
I feel really great after this course. Now I got a new point of view of my challenges at work. Thanks to all course providers.
Superb insights and different perspective to innovation. Course is driven through lots of case studies and not just theories.
It was very well structure, easy to follow and all the examples provided were very resourceful! I really enjoyed this course.
the simplicity with which they explain the concepts is surprising.
The advantages and working methods are clearly understood.
Very well structured program.  Top Class Content.  Awesome course for people looking to being their  Design Thinking Journey.
Totally enjoyed the course. Insightful and direct in delivery. Well paced for busy working people to understand the concepts.
Great course. I really learned the actual process and purpose of design thinking. Before that is was only a buzzword for me.
A very effective course to understand Design Thinking concepts. Real life cases taken as illustration helps in understanding
Great Introductory course for Design Thinking - Very good examples & case studies - Assignment could have been more rigorous
I love the way the slides and material is available.The examples of Design Thinking helped me understand more of every step.
God willed it ! As pretty as an amazing education center! in fact, this is the best environment to study! Praise be to God!
great course. It will be even better the course can illustrate how to use the tools to support the design thinking process.
This course helped me a lot to change my mind about professional success, I was like George and now I can think like Geoff
An amazing course which is very useful for the future. It had clear explanations and easy for even beginners to understand
Course content was great. Course had great examples explained by various people of various fields. Overall great learning.
Very beautiful course. One of my favorites in Coursera. Particularly loved Jeanne Lietka and how she did her facilitation.
Good course. Gives a comprehensive overview of design thinking and process of design thinking. Case studies are also good.
Good understanding of the course and Design Thinking Tools and 3 broad case studies to understand diversified usage of DT
I loved this course, the plenty of tools and clarity of the explanation and the real life examples were all outstanding.
Well prepared and interesting course! It gave me deeper insight into the design thinking process and tools. Recommended!
It is a great introduction to Design Thinking. The teacher is very clear and the guest lecturers are very much on topic.
Recommend for beginners who are interested in design thinking.  Easy to pick up with the case studies and tools shared.
Great course to familiarize yourself with different tools use in the process of Design Thinking to fetch great results.
Short, brief and to the point course. It gives a proper foundation for Design Thinking  without wasting too much time.
The course provided very simple and easy approach  for innovation. The tools used in the course and way of explanation
This course a clear and practical way to understand, approach and get buy-in for Design Thinking in your organization.
Very interactive and good insight to the aspects that can help to be more interested in learning more about the theme.
Got to interact with a great community of individuals. The course material and assignments were terrific and concise.
The contents, tools and examples are very clear and very well oriented the development of the course, I learned a lot
An out-of-the-box, creative way to solve problems, where analytical, logical approaches are limited in effectiveness.
Excellent way to teach and learn. Professional content and realisation pushed to pay more attention and reflections.
Very insightful and fun, especially getting to know how to use the tools for design thinking/research is very handy.
Very complete and inspiring course. It gives you a full understanding of design thinking as well as tools to apply.
I recommend this course to improve abilities associated to the use of design thinking in management and innovation.
A very constructive and eye-opening course which can help in incorporating design thinking in our day-to-day lives.
Great course ! Full of precious insights. It will give you a lot of ideas to reflect on. Don't hesitate to take it!
It brought out clearly the various phases of Design Thinking and the various Design Thinking tools for each phase.
Best course ever, very hands-ond oriented, practical example applicable to real life business innovation projects.
It was very interesting how this tools I learned open my mind to develop new ways of solving human center issues.
Great content!  I highly advise purchasing the book Designing for Growth to follow along with the video lectures.
Very good practical inputs, well organized, offers good time-management possibilities. Thanks, I really liked it!
Great course, easy to follow and most of all offers a broader mind-set on creative strategies on problem solving.
Open minding course for everyone who want to learn human-centered strategies for resolving problems of all kinds
Really liked the course- of course I'm a beginner but really helped understand a lot of design thinking concepts
I really liked this course, because it was really interesting and related to my job. I also liked the lecturer!!
Can we get Ed Hesse to do some classes!! He was my favorite part in a very interesting series on design thinking
Excellent course which helps to increase awareness around some of the commonly used design thinking techniques.
An excellent instructive and inspiring course.The lecturers and all participants, thank you very much for that.
It was really insightful and intensive course, helping to see challenges and approaching them in a different wa
A good perspective to using design thinking tools and a wonderful platform to collaborate with the like-minded!
Great introduction, both accessible and technical, to Design Thinking. Thks to all the contributors & teachers!
Exceptional course in terms of step by step approach on key elements of design thinking and application tools.
getting this course helped me alot to design my own product and how innovation can lead to success.thank you .
Interesting with case studies and examples. Audio and video is clear. Would have liked some more case studies.
This approach used for the course is indeed great as it provides applicable examples for better understanding
A Best course for everyone to learn and think in a innovative manner.I really enjoyed while doing the course.
I really enjoyed learning Design thinking with great successful stories how design thinking helped innovation
This course is great for designers in the creative field and ones who want to continue for higher education.
The content of the course is very complete and includes examples of companies that we know, very motivating.
It was a very insightful experience and I've learned a lot. I'm excited to learn more about Design Thinking.
I am so thankful to have this opportunity! I have found the course very insightful , enriching and exciting!
Its a great course, it help me to change and shape the projects forms, and have another vision of the world.
Wonderful Course! There was information and thinking that I could apply to not only my job but my life too!
Very well made and understandable, with a lot of examples.Really help me learn and I learned a lot from it!
Design thinking for innovation was good where I was able to learn more about being creative and innovative
The faculty and the course was awesome. It covered like everything i needed to know about problem solving.
EXCELLENT COURSE, WONDERFUL LECTURES AND REWARDING TIME!!!!!!!! KEEP THE GREAT WORK GOING....ALL THE BEST.
It is a very nice online course for my study a business administration I have ever seen.Thank you so much!
Very interesting introduction to the methodology brilliantly explained by Jeanne Liedtka. A real pleasure.
Lectures were concise and relevant. Especially appreciate the assignment work and peer assignment review.
Good course to learn design thinking for innovation. I enjoyed the material and listening to the content.
A good primer to design thinking. For a deep dive, Jeanne's book on Designing for Growth is a must read.
The course is well-presented and the techniques taught in this course are amazing. I'm glad I learnt it.
It's a great introductory course about design thinking! short-videos, cases and a nice final project. :)
Outstanding material, the videos about the tools are excellent that teach us a wider scoper for the use
Very nice course! Now I know everything about design thinking, include innovation. Thank you very much.
highly recommended to every professional & students who are about to enter in their professional career
Great course.  I am learning a ton.  Lots of access to material that you can use on a day-to-day basis.
A good course on Design thinking. Learnt a lot of things which can be applied to real-life situations.
Wonderful course on how deep we can analyse the requirement and proved a innovative solution for any c
Superb learning experience and was able to apply the learning immediately into a business environment.
It just the tip of the iceberg, but is well balanced between the invested time vs the learning earned!
Very good course. I am grateful for opening my horizons broadly and very helpful for my future career
This course opened my eyes to new techniques to inspire my teams to solve problems in different ways.
Congratulations. Excellent content and examples that makes it easier to understand and apply. Thanks.
Very Instructive. We could apply to any situations in life. As a Scout chief, I can't wait to use it!
I enjoyed the course.Super.Thank you so much for the instructors who did their best for the learners
my sincere thanks to the Instructor for enlightening the design thinking for innovation in my field.
Fully recommended, the tools it provides are immediately used for innovation in the day-to-day work.
Thanks for an extreme experience with a lot of best practices to apply Design Thinking in my career.
Very interesting.  I learned a lot thank you Coursera and University of Virginia. God bless you all
Excellent course for introduction on Design Thinking applying to innovation!!!.  Super recommended.
Good course to begin your journey to learn design thinking. Quick to finish and easy to understand.
Inspirational and very well structured. I could immediately make use of the tools in my work life.
Excellent course material of high quality, in-depth relevant topics, liked peer review assignments
This course was extremely helpful in getting the perspective and live examples of Design thinking!
It’s a good clear course that gives you wings to implement al the insights that you have learned!
Best course to increase your innovation. there are detailed knowledge with a business case study.
The entire course was very thought provoking and i look forward to using it on my day to day work
Amazing Course! Never a bored moment, tremendous learning! I look forward to apply what I learnt.
On line courses are the best way of acquiring knowledge. Its very convenient, easy and economical
Very Good Course, it allow have a better comprehention and develop tools to use design thinking.
I hope this will make good changes in the  world of thinking and also in a very specialized way
This course was so useful, the course design makes it so easy to learn. It was truly a delight.
Excellent course and performance. Thank you very much Jeanne and congratulations for your book.
Fantastic way to understand the benefits Design Thinking can contribute to Business Innovation
It's a good course and good teaching by the faculties, and videos are made good understanding.
THIS COURSE IS VERY HELPFUL WITH THIS SHORT COURSE ONE CAN LEARN MANY TOOLS OF DESIGN THINKING
Thank You Sir Very enjoy full this one gain knowledge about, Very fantastic this one is thing.
This course was very informational. Professor Liedtka opened up a new world for me. Thank you.
Excellent! Enjoyed being able to learn at my own pace. Highly valuable material for my career.
Great course that give you competencies, knowledge and tools to begin new and innovative ideas
This opened new ways of thinking and handling business progress issues. Very useful technique.
A true learning experience. Good for breaking paradigms and think differently plus efficiently
It was so well explained, loved all the examples and how it helped me relate to my org needs.
Very structured course, its very easy to understand the concept and tools for Design Thinking
Amazing course! Very engaging, fun & extremely beneficial for any business. Highly recommend.
This is a really wonderful course for any person who wants to succeed to any kind of business
Short but precise and concise. The participation of Edward D. Hess brings a rather big plus.
Great course on the toosl of design thinking. I will be using it widely in my work for sure.
Very interesting course, it's perfect for a basic understanding of the design thinking field
Great course!! And great learning material for anyone trying to understand Design Thinking.
Very interesting and helpful information. turors look very knowledgable and gave good tips.
A very good introduction to design thinking. Loved the logical flow of the course material.
Awesome. I now see the details in some problem. The solution will come easier now. Thanks!
Very helpful tool for those, whothink they arenot creative person, and for others as well!
Loved the coursework and the examples used to illustrate the use of Design Thinking tools.
A lot of people upload paper with no homeworks, but the course is good. Thanks you for it
I really loved the materials and the assignments. They were different and very enjoyable.
Well structured, I love how the course is presented and well as the very helpful content.
This course provides new insights that can be leveraged to improve key business outcomes.
Concrete and valuable lessons that I will use moving forward! Really enjoyed this course!
Great examples, very dynamic course and you can inmediatly use it in your day to day work
Insightful and full of hands on tools and process. Really open minded. Highly recommended
Excellent sessions on design thinking. With detailed information and along with example.
This is great course to follow to those who have new ideas and good in entrepreneurship.
I feel the George and Geoff cycle  to be kept in mind before every entrepreneur decision
Exceptional course materials and mentor. Thank you so much for the wonderful opportunity
Brief yet, precise course content to start understanding the mindset of Design Thinking.
Excellent course to learn Design Thinking and also excel at work. Thank You Prof. Jeanne
The course was very useful and the instructor has delivered the course very efficiently.
Amazing tool to improve thinking power..Enjoyed the sessions which was very informative.
It was a great help. Learning new tools and techniques was a nice experience. Thank you.
Very practical and useful as a methodology of turning ideas into solutions for customers
Very good course that features intersting lecturers that provide you with real insights.
Very good course, an a very good amendment to the book!Thank you very muchRegards Stefan
The case studies included in this course really hammer home the principles being taught.
Thank you, Prof! I've learn new tools to design thinking and it is so useful to my work
Very concise and insightful. Covers the bases perfectly in such a brief amount of time.
I loved this course, I recommend it, it helps you innovatively explore your creativity.
Great course to learn for them, who want to solve problems differently and effectively.
Thank you. The coursera provide such a great course to increase every people skill set.
Great Course. i has provided me with great insight into design thinking for innovators
Nice to know how you can think in a sequential manner and also look beyond your self..
excellent approach to thinking design, learning about real cases and guidance on tools
Extremely helpful and now I can view the things differently and can achieve the goals.
A great course that introduces us to the world of innovation using Design Thinking tec
Great experience and learned a lot... felling very thankful for the coursera platform.
an amazing experience my first course here in coursera, easy to use and great content
I found the course of great relevance and the faculties were of extraordinary stature
Well-balanced and clear presentations. The materials are very applicable.  Thank you.
Fabulous course. I highly recommend it as it's applicable every day in many contexts.
Course was organized excellently. The peer-to-peer grading further enhances learning.
Excellent. It organised my ideas and gave me reason to generate changed in my company
Great course, the course apply system thinking for business model design or redesign.
The course was very informative, well organized and easy to understand and relate to.
It was great learning. I thank all the mentors for making us think out of box style.
Informative and relate-able course that I can   into my daily life and work balance.
University of Virginia and Coursera just made my day I can now apply what I learned.
Superb Nice tutorial, Provides the innovative way of thinking for designing purpose.
What an amazing course. It was clear and concise offering tools for us to use today!
Good short course giving good insights about what are the basics of design thinking.
The course was well planned. Very easy to follow and with very interesting examples.
Great course! Helps you understand how to approach product development and strategy!
Design thinking course is  highly useful in the modern competition business process
Good lectures and concepts. This is a high impact skill that everyone should learn.
This course really helped me approach and view problems in a more constructive way!
I AM VERY HAPPY TO LEARN THIS COURSE.......AND THIS HELP IN MU CRITICAL THINKING...
Great
learning process, I gained more tools than expected at the end of the course!
Everything you want to be more innovate and creative in whatever your field now is.
Very thorough and engaging introduction to the subject, really enjoyed the process.
I learned a lot about design thinking. All the examples were very clear and useful.
Excellent course! I only can recommend it. Jeanne Liedtka has a great way to teach.
It was a very useful course, very complete, personally I'm very satisfied with it.
Great course for beginners. Very powerful tools explained simply with case studies
Great course, narrated with precise and business pertinent language, and examples.
The entire program, address design thinking in the most palatable way!  Thank YOU!
Interesting and practical. Would like more courses by the faculty on this subject.
It is a very clear and useful course. I really like it. Now i will read the book.
The course is really useful for new paradigm of innovation.Thanks to Prof.Jeanne.
Great Course, allowed me to have a good introduction on Design Thinking approach!
Great paced course suited as a intro for professionals and career changers alike.
Great course. I recommend the book "Designing for growth" for further information
Self Assessment. I am sure you will be another executive after taking this course
I got more information from this course . Sure i think it will help me in future
An excellent course. Widely applicable within personal and professional spheres.
it is amazing course it educated me how make design thinking in my problem work.
great way to start design thinking with interesting courses, examples and videos
Excellent course, it is easy to follow and give very clear step by step approach
it was a great experience to have this course never feel like its recorded one.
I am really impressed with the examples provided for each tool in every module.
A good course to learn about tools used in design thinking and problem solving.
It's wonderful knowledge which has been shared all the way through the session.
Exceptional course on how Design Thinking helps to solving real life problems!
Amazing course. The Coach approach is also great . Thanks for this experience
Very helpful course! Would definately recommend others also to take the same.
Good Training and it is very relevant to improve knowledge on design thinking
Awesome insightful course and coursework to make it complete icing on the top
Great introduction to Design thinking. I loved this course. Lots of learning.
I loved, in this course you will have a lot of information and good exemples
Great course to learn various tools to use and implement in Design Thinking.
It was an interesting course, helps me to upskill my design thinking process
Course was great. just as advertised. Jeanne's book was great too.  Wahoowa!
More case studies were presented and helped to understand it in a better way
This course was very well conducted with clear explanation and deep content.
The exhibitors were excellent and the topics were very clear and organized.
This is very nicely structured course and very helpful to learn in details.
This course help me to way of thinking.Thank you Ma'am such a great course.
Excellent course. Hands on and "easy to digest" examples. Great instructor.
An open mind course to everyone who are interested in improve design skills
This course has been one of the best I have ever participated in.Thank you.
Great teachers, vivid examples, good content to follow- highly recommended
The mainly thing in this course was the test !I learned more in the test!!
A great way to broaden my perspectives in solving human-centered problems.
Really interesting, good real-life examples. Very accessible for beginners
A useful overview of design-thinking concepts with a focus on application.
Its a must have cource for every future business professional. Thumbs Up.
Very interesting and instructive, I learned a lot about design thinking !
this is excellent. helps to learn about new approaches to business ideas.
It is great to get this information. Thank you very much for your help!!!
Design Thinking is all about creativity & innovation. Very useful course.
Great overview and intro to DT, including discussions with the community.
A interesting course and I recommended for those seeking for innovation.
Awesome speech and great framework to implement in a real-time problems.
Its a very good Course. You can very well relate with real life examples
I appreciate all the team that created and developed this amazing course
A must to do course for every design engineers. Good Communication tool.
Complete package to effectively introducing yourself to design thinking.
It has been an eye opener to me in many ways. The instructor is awesome!
Its good to learn always and Coursera is doing good job for the same!!!!
It provides very useful knowledge and true story! Glad we have Coursera!
I love the course! Great information to become succesfull professionals
Its really great experience to learn the Design thinking for innovation
Excellent course to start with design thinking for your future projects
I must say it was a great journey for me to know about design thinking.
I'm loving this!!! Its so good and applicable. It is a total mindshift.
Excellent course to take.  It changes the way I think about challenges.
A must-do course for anyone and everyone. Very inspired by this course.
Great class, the business examples are very clear a easy to understand.
This was one of the bests courses that I know. Congrats and thank you!
Good training course for bringing your toughs and ideas into practice.
very good experience and gain so much knowledge to attend this course.
Great course, it really thaugtht how to use Design Thinking in mi area
Thanks for interesting journey and I have learned many things. thanks!
Wonderful course with great insights on problem solving and creativity
Clear and helpful overview of an incredibly impactful method.  Thanks!
Really enjoyed the instructor and the overall class design was soldi.
An excellent course to get started on the journey of design thinking.
The course gives you a different view for design thinking! Very good!
I really enjoyed this course. Great framework and content.  Thank you
This course certainly contributees heavily to the creator within you.
Great high level view of Design Thinking with excellent case studies.
Nice course. Teaching styles could be better but mentors where good.
Hearty thanks to the coursera community for provided this programme.
i've found this course more useful for us as engineer for our future
Great course for anyone interested in Design with the users in mind.
It s a great course to be applied in different professional context.
The examples shared to explain complex concepts were very insightful
It is a great course, I am sure it's going to help me a lot. Thanks!
Fantastic Course for a beginner. We need an advanced course on this.
Helpful and essential to daily discussions with teams and customers.
Thank you for this course, it taught me a lot about design thinking
It was a very unique course that led me enhance my thinking process
I recommend everyone to do this course. it is more than worth doing
Nice presentation and evoked Design Thing ability with case studies
All what I was looking for.Well structured course and not to heavy.
Got to know about great Insights about the Design Thinking Process!
I really enjoyed the course.It is very well constructed and taught.
Very interesting and mind-changing. I enjoyed it very much! Thanks!
An excellent course for understanding the basics of Design Thinking
Scientific and detailed approach to Design Thinking for Innovation.
This course helped me to solve complex cases with ease and empathy
Excellent course, it shows you everything you need for innovation.
Awesome Course, I really enjoy it and learn very valuable content.
Really intersting lessons with usefull tools and concret exemples.
Wonderful course to get you thinking about challenges differently.
great course to get in touch with the key tools of design thinking
Very good content and real life examples available in this course.
it was very good course, the content very rich and well explained.
The best. So grateful for this class offering. A must-take course.
It is a nice course to understand the process of Design Thinking.
Excellent course with a lot of depth and compelling case studies.
Its great simple to understand. helpful in applying in work area.
satisfactory content and trainer has excellent skills of educate.
I enjoyed this course and gain new insights into design thinking.
Amazing solid introduction for Design Thinking... great material!
Awesome course by Prof 
Jeanne M. Liedtka

on Design Thinking !!!
I like this course but I hope also provide free certificate also.
Excellent professor and explanation of the Design Thinking Topic
This course led me to think design aspects in an innovative way.
I understand more in detail about design thinking for innovation
Simple instruction. Concrete examples. Convincing presentations.
This is a great course for getting started with Design Thinking.
excellent for a beginner, very easy to follow, lots of example !
Very modern and up-to-date content. Useful not only for business
Great course for understanding the principles of Design Thinking
I'm delighted... Very applicable to the current work environment
This course is very applicable to my current role at my corporat
Tutor was boring but Content was Interesting. Overall was OK OK
Wonderful course. Worth recommending to anyone with an interest
A very good easily understandable course with many casestudies.
It helps me thinking outside the box without complicated rules!
It gives a simple and more creative approach to problem solving
Very Good Course with detailed explanations. Highly Recommended
It was really a eye opener & brain storming course.. Thank you.
Very Insightful course !!! Changed my way of thinking a lot...!
Highly recommending this course for all students and teachers.
Excellent course with a rich content! I strongly recommned it!
Great professors and methodology, strongly recommended course.
Too good. Thoroughly enjoyed learning from the best instructor
It has helped me in my consulting practice.  Very good course.
it was a great course - very inspirational! - loved the input.
It was a great learning for me... highly recommend this course
Excellent course for anyone aspiring to learn Design Thinking!
Excelent teacher, she is a machine of teaching her knowledge!
Great Course with excellent delivery, material and experience
Excellent Course Design and also the Video Lectures delivered
Very good course and I do Deep learning about desgin thinking
Loved it! I recommend it to everyone - no matter what you do.
Insightful course with simple way of narration / explanation.
Excellent course! Thanks to Jeanne, Darden School of Business
Good course which help to start thinking in a different way.
Precise, very well taught and easy to understand. Thank you!
Very interesting and Professors are very clear and engaging.
really interesting, many tools to keep going with this topic
It's a good course to learn design thinking for innovation.
Thank you for giving a wonderful platform to learn butter .
I learn a lot about design thinking and innovation, thanks!
This course is Boosting me up to new era of thinking style.
Great coverage of concepts with quite a number of examples.
Very good way to get involved in the Design Thinking world!
Opened my mind to new thought process frameworks and tools.
Great course to support Design Thinking concepts and tools!
Excellent course and easy to understand with good examples
I loved the course, it was difficult but very interesting!
Very good course, entertaining and interestingly prepared!
It was a great course! I enjoyed it from beginning to end.
Nice video lectures with real life examples. Learned a lot
Useful and easy to follow introduction to design thinking.
Too Good with  real time illustration. highly resourceful
Great introduction to Design Thinking.  Highly recommend.
Very good course with Examples. Recommended for Begineers
very helpful course. interactive and descriptive session.
This has given broader idea to plan and execute my works.
A crisp, insightful and full of real-life stories course!
An excellent opportunity to learn what Design Thinking is
Its amazing course to learn design engineering briefly .
Excellent Professors , inspiring topics , Great learning
Provided new and exciting approaches to problem solving.
Great course for starting your Design thinking research.
The lecture videos are very interesting and informative.
Best ever!!! I felt in love with this course! Thanks! :)
Great course. Loved it. Wish the team all the very best.
Great course! Marvelous speakers and very rich content.
Excellent course, I will recommend it to my colleagues.
It's an excellent course to know about Design Thinking.
Excellent course, good explanations with real examples!
Speaks about extremely useful tools in decision making.
Excellent course! It gave me the opportunity to rethink
This course is for me because innovation is my concern.
Really helpful when it comes to being more innovative.
Its an excellent course for people with growth mindset
It's great course that prepared me for new challenges!
It is vey helpful I would recommend it... Many thanks.
A course with insights that are usefull. Good video's.
A good starting point to know what design thinking is.
this is a great course for design thiniking - starters
Great course! Easy to follow and I have learned a lot!
this course is excellent and path finding. I liked it
Very well structured, the information was very clear.
Great course to start learning about design thinking.
its very detailed and i loved the use of the examples
Very useful course for knowing process of innovation.
This course is really helpful. I highly recommend it.
Very good course to learn how to improve the business
Strongly recommended; perfect content and instructors
excellent introduction especially for newbies like me
Exceptionally good with succinct  real world examples
The cours is an essential of what is design thinking.
I have already suggested this to my team. Great info!
So much useful information applicable in any sector.
An Excellent course for design thinking beginners!!!
I was able to learn a lot regarding design thinking.
A great course for solving practical business issues
Wonderful course with great insights into the topic
Great course, must do it, will change the thinking.
I really like it. And it will help me in my career.
A thorough and engaging course! Highly recommended.
Excellent presentation. Congratulations to the team
Organized Thinking; good content & well articulated
Good course. Gives an overview and main principles.
VERY INTERESTING AND INNOVATIVE. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Good insights and tells a lot about mindset change.
it is one of the platform to learn design thinking
This course is very complete and clear, I love it.
It is an interesting course and highly recommended
Excellent course that offered a fresh perspective!
very informative and hands on. Highly recommended!
Good course, learn new thinking for works decision
insightful, if you have the book it is even better
This course is Fantastic! Teachers are formidable.
A tool to help you solve problems on another level
I great course!Design Thinling is my new passion.
An amazing course that will help you learn a lot.
Great program. I enjoyed the learning experience!
Concepts explained in very simple practical ways.
Great course - wish there were more assignments !
Good content, well paced, and clearly articulated
A very good course. Fast and direct to the point.
Great content, very relevant to business problems
Excellent! Many thanks for this course. Philippe.
Great course with clear ideias and good examples.
This is best learning site . Thank you  coursera
Good for design the idea thinking and innovation
I had learnt new way to solve the same problems.
The ultimate guide for Innovating and designing.
Interesting to learn how to use design thinking
Overall, excellent course. Very focused course.
It was a very instructive and efficient course.
Broadens the horizons of approaching solutions!
Excellent use of examples throughout the course
Very Informative and Eye opening! Useful tool.
Excellent content with practical applications!
Very good and hands-on design thinking course.
Too much interresting for one novice like me!
Really liked and sharpened my skill actually.
Very clear and well expressed. Crisp and fun!
Informative, good presentations and examples.
easy to follow, good examples, widely useful
Very nice course with practice competences !
Inspiring and supporting with hepfull tools!
Clear, concise, extraordinarily informative.
Very good content: clear and understandable.
Excellent course, very straight to the point
I have completed already the Arabic version
A must needed course for all the innovators
Very thoughtful course for self development
Insightful. Great introduction to the topic
One of the best courses I have been taking.
Added a new perspective to my MBA thinking!
Excellent introduction to Design Thinking !
An interesting course with great teachers.
its good and innovative session completely
Very heplful & creative indeed! Thank You.
This course helped add value to my resume.
Very good introduction to design thinking.
It was a really nice learning experience.
Excellent course.. learned a lot..Thanks.
The course is very comprehensive and fun.
The course was very interesting. Loved it
Excellent opportunity for people to learn
It will added as a gold for my education.
feels so good to be a part of this course
It was really really good and informative
Really interesting and insightful course!
Very informative, attractive and simple.
It was an awesome and insightful course.
Very good course on innovative thinking.
An excellent course on design thinking !
Nice course comes with a lot of learning
Improve my thinking by learn this basics
Great course and very good presentation!
Excellent course, clear and very useful.
Had a great experience with this course.
Very nice initiation to design thinking.
good course to develop thinking ability
A solid introduction to Design thinking
Great content and very straightforward!
Very well done and extremely inspiring!
horrible la madeline foundationn. tomb
Nice Sessions learnt by the professors
Innovative in the new face of learning
interesting tools for developing ideas
Good content and worth investing time.
Good course and very nicely explained.
Practical examples And well structured
Very good Course and is very useful .
Excellent course, thank you very much
Very useful and interesting course!!!
Awesome course, definitely recommend!
Quite wonderful and impactful course.
Great tools to think outside the box!
Elaborate and detailed with examples
This is a fantastic learning course.
This course is rich of inspirations!
Well designed and worth the journey.
great content and friendly teachers
Excellent Course !!!!! Thanks a lot
This cousre is very useful for me .
I like how the course is beneficial
I learned so many things. Thank you
thank you for the course, it s good
It was amazing and very insightful!
One of the best courses I've taken!
Interesting and very well organized
Real methods for Design Engineering
Thank you teacher and classmates~!
Very good course, I enjoyed a lot.
Very succinct and effective course
The great course i take in my life
Well structured course. Thank you.
Good approach..I love this course.
Such a great and inspiring course!
thank you, very interesting course
Amazing.The trainers are fabulous.
Amazing Course. Ready to Innovate
Excellent, thanks for this course
Essential for innovation thinking
It's awesome and very informative
It was really helpful!Thank you..
Great course. Highly recommended!
Extremely good and very practical
I think it's an essential course!
jeanne liedtka is a good teacher.
its very helpful and good course
Great course on design thinking!
Good Course for Generetaing Idea
Thank you , It was very helpful.
Loved it! Highly recommended it.
wonderful course. Learned a lot!
This course helps me a big time!
Thank you for this great course!
great content for a free course
i like this course it was great
Very good course for all levels
The course is very informative.
very good course. nice insights
TOP CLASS!! Changed mi mind set
Amazing course and very useful
Good explanations with example
Very good and strategic course
Design Thinking for Innovation
Great and well designed course
Very interesting and inspiring
Good Course. Very informative.
Learnt a lot from this course.
Fantastic course for Beginners
great overview - good insights
All clear! Thank you so much!
Excellent course with insides
An outstanding primer on HCD!
It's amazing and fun to learn
Awesome insight with examples
Appreciable knowledge sharing
Required for this day and age
Valuable, viable and feasible
Very helpful! Thank teachers
Great Course.. Thanks a lot.
A very good tool to learn...
Great course, great learning
Great Course! Great Content!
very logical course material
extremely interesting course
Very well explained, tHANKS!
Amazing materials and videos
very good method of teaching
I REALLY ENJOYED THE PROCESS
Very good course. Thenk you
This is one of interesting!
Pedagogy is quite effective
Thank you for this learning
Useful problem solving tool
No comments on this section
Good learning with examples
This was a great experience
Great training. The boo the
I real enjoyed this course
This course is very good .
it was an awamazing course
very good, I learned a lot
good and insightful course
This course helps me a lot
very helpful introductory.
The course was a great one
this course is very good!
Great course!! Loved it!!
Excellent teaching style
It's very informative...
Great experience.Thanks.
Good leaning and insighs
Very interactive and inf
A well designed course.
Thank you Prof. Liedtka
It's quite interesting!
Really engaging course!
it was really helpful.
it's helping me a lot.
Great Thank you alot!
Great course to learn
Muy bueno...Very Good
good for all managers
Practical and concise
ACCURATE AND COMPLETE
GOOD AND INTERESTING
Simple yet effective
Useful and Practical
Great place to learn
exellent. thank you!
Its very nice course
The concept is good
this course is good
well planned course
Thanks for the aid.
Another perspective
Great course. Nice.
Great course on DT.
awesomeee teaching
I am very creative
Best course of all
Outstanding course
It was insightfull
Very usefull to me
amazing insights!!
awesome knowledge!
understood easily
Really Enjoyed it
InterestIngcourse
love this course.
The great course
Very, Effective!
Amazing Insights
Amazing contents
Thank you Jeanne
Was a good Curse
nice information
Great Beginning
it was so good
new experience
Life changing!
Thanks a looot
Great Insights
GOOD COURSE .
it's perfectt
Amazing Great
Really clear!
Great Class.
mind blowing
Was very u
It's cool
Great ex
