it was mentioned that the course is for free but later after completion they are asking for money for certificate
frustration course, too much empty thoughts and little specificity. It was very difficult to listen and assimilate the information at the speed with which the teacher read it. Wasted time
VEDIO LECTURING NOT UNDERSTANDING...POWER POINT PRESENTATION NEEDED, I NEVER RECONMENDED THIS COURSE
A very very complex failed course, I rate 0 out of 10
I understand that this is a multiple choice type assessment course, however many of the questions were created based on the professor's definitions, and quite often they used trickery around what is very grey lines between the choices. I felt in many cases many of the answers were highly subjective and could depend on multiple variables, that were left out. A better course would be like the Gamification one I did, wherein I explained my rationale given scenarios. I feel overall this would be a more reinforcing method of learning these theories.
The slides were not informative enough, and the fact that the professor was constantly circling and underlining things on them was distracting and dirty. In addition, I found the division of videos into such small increments and dividing videos into parts was unnecessary.
I'm not satisfied with this course. The content is interesting but explained in a very unprofessional way.
The course is not right to the point! Is needed to be more focused.
Too much subjective information. Little info about tools, models and techniques. Overall ok
The course is interesting indeed, but lot of reviews here are right in pointing out that there are also some problems that could be addressed. TO be more specific 1) Lot of content and not enough depth, so lot of topics get only surfaced and not fully explained and understood: 2) This idea of the teacher to scribble/write on top of the slides while explaining is not the best, at least for me. The final slides are very hard to read, and the original slides are not enough cause they missed annotations; 3) More practical examples would have been beneficials
The course was very practical in its approach with a lot of good sessions with industry practitioners. Also, I learnt a lot of industry & function-specific lingo, tools and frameworks that will help with a structures approach to product management. Alex as a faculty comes across as very friendly and humorous. However, I felt he could have made his lectures a little more structured rather than impromptu. All in all, the course serves as a great primer to product management and one needs to apply the concepts learnt in practice to gain fully from the course.
The first module was great, from there on a lot of the meat of the course is similar to Agile, but just packaged differently. They are a few noisy question in the MCQ too. It would be better value for money at a lower price point
The first three weeks are good, a lot of good content, but he (despite trying) has trouble fitting all the methodologies together in one single framework that is actionable. 4th week is an absolute waste of time.Ideally, to improve the course, the author should give a concise overall picture, concatenating ideas, connecting them with a timeline of the PM's role throughout the product's life cycle/challenges.It seems to me that the course lacks an overarching view of the whole process. At the same time, the author goes through all the views, methodologies, and prisms of what it is to be a PM, he does not make those views compatible, which makes the course lack pragmatism, despite being a good introduction.
I would have been appreciate more practical examples. For instance was a good idea to start from the week 1 to the week 4 to show about to manage a product from scratch in all the steps
All the quizz questions are vague and the "right" answers are debatable.
Good content. However not very convenient way of presenting (making marks on the slides, it is hard to read them), difficult to make notes and the slides available without notes are rather useless. The course is marketed as a beginner level, but this is far from true. A student need to have some experience or education in at least business (luckily I have a lot) and some understanding of digital businesses. The course is not very friendly to those whose English is not native. For instance, the tasks in the tests were sometime very trickily formulated. Somehow more academic language of the lectures would be also more appreciated.

So I have got a lot of useful information, but is was hard to keep some nicely structured summary of each lecture - so almost nothing left for later "memory refreshment".
Great course overall. I felt the last week have a drop in the content and it was light in what I consider important topics were as the first two weeks were very heavy in content. Balancing the content by extending some important topics at the end of the course will help to improve my opinion on the course. Also, the questions on the quizzes are written in a very tricky way, I don't think it is a helpful way to test knowledge by trying to trick the person in how the questions are being asked, a better way will be to directly test the knowledge of that subject by proving comparisons.
The course exposed me to various frameworks available to help product managers organize themselves in their work and keep focused on the right things. Would have wished if it went deeper and showed how some concepts can be really applied. I did not get time to internalize the tools. I did understand them as I went along the course and did the quizzes.Also, the Professor was MIA on the discussion forums. I found little meaningful discussion going on there. The experience with the Design Thinking course was better.
Some content not explained that well. A bit confusing. The quiz questions are really abstract and don't necessarily test our understanding well. Many times there were 2-3 "correct" answers, but they were looking for a particular one without giving enough context. While useful, the business model canvas was not explained in enough detail. I felt like it was glossed over. A proper introduction to this in the beginning of the course would help with context. Otherwise, learnt a lot, and helpful course.
This is definitely a good course for a newbie, however as I was parallel looking at other content I see that this course may need a refresher and more practice sessions to make it better
While I like the course, i feel it doesn't go deep into anything. I would have liked it better if we went deeper to sections like analytics, product planning, market analysis etc.
course is great but mentor need more reality facts form real business life, use famous companies real cases.
The quizzes are poorly written and instructor is very biased towards methodologies he created.
I'd appreciate more detailed content and how to use the tools and less interviews
This is a pretty high level overview for anyone curious about product management.
The quizzes were extremely tough and often, questions made no sense
Its ok
Overall it was a great course, even as an experienced technologist I liked reviewing some of these topics or hearing different takes on them.  It's very hard to give due diligence to data science and analytics topics in 5 minute videos.   I found the first part of week 4 hard to get through, it was just not as engaging as week 1 and week 2.
I wish there was an exercise and not just quizzes.
The course materials and content were very good. Much better than I expected, even from UVA. The facilitator and guest interviewees were generally very good to excellent and provided high-quality real-world perspective. Where this course lacked was collaboration and interaction with the instructor and other students. The student submissions are generally very low quality and there is little to no interaction. Creating a more structure participation model would go a long way in improving the course even further.
Pros: Perfectly set and aligned.Alex Cowan's way of presentation is engaging and does end up bringing a smile.Guest Lectures, industry experts sessions are lit.Cons: Quizzes have answer options which are ambiguous. Highly Theoretical at some parts.
Great theoretical concepts. However i would have loved a more practical session with compulsory assignments
The difficulty of the unit tests varies a lot. Unit 3 was extremely challenging compared to the others.
Pros: It is great course to take before starting out your journey as product managers. It touches upon all most all important topics and terminologies used by PMs. I personally can feel the difference between how I articulate my problem now having taken this course vs how I used to do it earlier. Alex is a great professor and speaks in a manner that is easy to understand and comprehend for every learer type. Cons: Some topics i think deserves more attention, like actinable analytics. Eventhough I work for an analytics solution firm, I found it hard and little bit confusing. The matter may either need restructuring or more content to understand the what, why and how.  All in all it was great course, I look forward to taking more such courses on Coursera.
Great course with a lot of fresh ideas and smart approaches. 2 areas to improve from my personal point of view: 1)Pay some more attention to Week 2's structure of the content. W2 was PACKED with too many approaches and ideas (design thinking, agile, HOOK, Lean Startup, prototyping and more) which became a bit messy. More structure hear would have helped. 2) Make Quizzed more relevant by letting us students USE the tools we just learned. For example we answere what a BMC is good for, but we did not fill out one in any quiz although this would have been possible with one of the example companies included.
Very useful if you're new to the game or transferring from a technical background into product management and need a place to start to put everything into perspective while picking up areas to focus on for new skills growth. The only gaps I see are in the area of consulting. Maybe brining in a new section or chat outlining product management from a consulting firm that provides consulting services perspective would be a great addition. (i.e. how to determine successful alignment with a clients processes or things to consider when attempting to plug consultants into product management lifecycles)
The Course is explained by Mr.Alex , i really like his teachings , very practical with good examples , that makes learning easier .. i wish they'd option for notes to copy and paste in your own word document , and not the website's notes.. and the speed of mr.alex while speaking is lil faster so i suggest do the speed 0.75x in video options .. otherwise a must do course , amazing models to help you design your product for your start up or for your existing product .Thank You Coursera . Thank you Mr Alex . Thank You Virginia University .
It's a great course for someone who is starting this position as myself, at some point I think week 2 it was not getting 100% of my attention but I think it was because there's a lot of short videos about many different topics that needs more explanation, he was changing topics to fast. It was good when he could give examples of what he was saying. I love the interviews and the point of views of the PM's and people he interviewed, Eric one was great. Thanks for the course, I look forward to start practicing most if the things I learned!
The course gives a great fundamental vision to the field of Product Management. I, personally, got the abstract vision what kind of information I should seek for. A small disadvantage to me as international non-English speaking student is quite little amount of examples. If there would be more specific and visual examples, it would be much more easier to understand and expand the vision of the PM profession. Despite that minor minus, the course is well structured and gives the major fundamental view to the topic, thanks to Alex.
Being a fundamental course, it covers almost every aspect of product management. Definitely worth the money and time investment. Kudos to Alex for explaining the concepts quite lucidly. The guests with real-life examples are a great resource and if you are into the product management field then you can relate the top priorities and skills they suggested. Quizzes should contain more questions so the fundamentals of product management and practical problems can be completely absorbed during each week of the course.
The course is a nice blend of theory and practical examples and what I loved about it was the shared view and experience of experts who work for some of the major corporations where all said is actually a way of work. What I assume could be improved is related to the logical sequance of the contect since I feel that there was a lot of valuable information, but I somehow have it messy in my head and I need to go back to some of the videos to recall. Thank you, all in all, I enjoyed it very much! ;)
The course is quite good for someone who is a beginner. The guest lectures in between coming from top-notch product managers make it even more interesting as it brings out perspective directly from the industry. It could have been much better if some practical exercises were given in each module so that we can have some kind of hands-on experience. Overall a good course with good content.
The content of the course is really exceptionally good. The methods are explained fantastically and even experienced product managers really learn a lot here. For all those who have a lot of experience in dealing with agility, there is a lot of room for reflection, especially when dividing PM and PO. In the test questions, some answers unfortunately do not belong to the questions.
I think the course is very useful. Anyway, there is something I always miss and I missed it here again. Any of these jobs as PM need a team with the right knowledge, and that sound basis but fail many times. I really believe people must learn a way to achieve the right knowledge in their teams. Always that goal has been part of my core process and I am sure part of my success
A very good course with alot of ground covered. I would suggest users to get a some basic insights on Agile concepts and be clear that alot of what is talked about in this course pertains to product management in the software space. However it surely does give a comprehensive view on the discipline and is a good start for anyone looking to branch out into Product Management
The course is very complete, but many contents are designed for someone with previous knowledge in: development, scrum, marketing, business, etc. The teacher explains himself very well but there were parts where I got lost (BMC, seeding features, etc). I recommend this course for anyone interested in learning more about the world of product management
It was a nice overview and refresher for the PM role. It is relatively high-level, but hey, it's a 101 course. I wish the roadmap part was a bit more practical, with examples and such. Executives often ask for roadmaps, and there are ways to create good ones without having specific dates and features, which I think is the wrong way to build roadmaps.
It is an indeed rich course to take. Challenging and having a deep view of the topic. I suppose the presentations could help more, adding more clarity of the content and also the quiz parts could be less subjective. I strongly recommend taking this course if you need to challenge what you have known so far.
Its' great and flows quickly. It's kind of basic but ALex gives a lot (A LOT!!!) of resources for you to explore beyond the course. There's not much of a "practical" part of the course it's mostly theory so you have to go out and tryit for yourself or commit to the external resources to keep lerning.
Good course, with a great grounding with - as advertised - the 'fundamentals' of product management. It would be nice, as others said, to have more hands-on examples or applications given, but if you are able to translate the concepts and learnings into your daily work, then it's well worthwhile.
Hi,I really like this course learning fundamentals of product management and interviews with industry experts in product management and their views are quite resourceful and insightful for aspiring PMs. Thanks everyone for making this journey very useful. Wish you all happy learning..Ravi
This course was super helpful and I learned a lot of new techniques for new product development and adding features to existing products from a product manager's perspective. I will be trying to apply these in my job incrementally and I hope to achieve a lot of value out of these.
The course is very modular and brushes upon exactly what the title says: Fundamentals. It's perfect for newbies who are entering into the Product Management fields and also for existing product managers who are looking for upping their skills and knowledge with the latest trends.
The course was excellent. I loved it. I think we should be given some time to think about how things apply on the demo companies used to demonstrate the models before getting told. I also think that the practicality should be increased so that  aspiring students get a hands-on,
Good overview of subject matter. Provides sufficient coverage to get started for deep dives. Content is well organized, although week 4 is stretched thin, trying to cover too many topics. Students will also benefit from detailed discussions of selected PM tools.
Very good explanation of the fundamentals. Don't know if I missed this, but much of the contents of this course can be summarized in visuals such as charts, that would've been an awesome resource to have since there are so many tools, techniques and frameworks.
I had an amazing time going through the notes and grasping new knowledge. Anyways there were typographical errors on the notes/scripts (possibly during transcribing. I can also help transcribe notes and discover errors). Thank you for an amazing experience!!
Great introductory course from Alex Cowan! I am a junior PM and I found very useful some of the concepts that I learned here. One of the most valuable insights were from the interviews from other PM's. I wish they had more in depth and extensive interviews.
Could have been much better if the contents were organized in a more structured way. It was great to know a lot of thing for a product manager. but a Structured diagrams sometimes acts like a memory refresher to implement these into real life
Excellent course to get a holistic approach of Product Management. The Teacher is great and i found interviews with PMs very insightful.Anyway, I have the feeling that some concepts needed deeper explanation (business model types...)
It would be great to see more interactivity in some way to allow the learner a chance to apply the content learned before moving on. The course was great and included tons of great info and resources that I intend to reflect back on.
This course will provide you the skeleton for setting up your product team and their cross-functional interaction. Enough corroboration of business models and frameworks by industry professionals who are trusting those methods.
I am great thankful for the whole course, i really liked that you have invited famous different people to participate  in your own lessons and teach us new practical things in the real life from their personal perspectives.
The course is really fascinating and helped me to take a observe my working methodologies. New better ways to implement stories, understanding users, using canvas to understand dynamics of a product offering and much more.
I found this course to be a great introduction to the principles of product management. The only thing I need for it to be better is to introduce a hands on mock project to help solidify the concepts and tools learned.
Great course! Room for improvement are the pdf slides. They do not always reflect what the professor noted down as well all steps of the animation are on separate slides. It almost triplicates the number of slides.
Some of the material and conversations only gaze upon the concept rather than detailed explaination. Otherwise the course is good to have basic understanding of product manager's role and how he can perform better.
It's a very wonderful course and I enjoyed every bit of it. In the future I would prefer a less traditional mode of teaching; less of lecture style and more practical ways. The interviews were a good touch though.
Weeks 2-4 were great; week 1 was more tedious (I found). The class does provide useful tools throughout the weeks and also equips the learner with appropriate terminology tp use with management.
PM tools referred are easy to grasp, which can be related to your current projects. Alex pace was perfect and he covered all aspects of product management with plenty of examples and interviews
Each product aspect ,process and business model canvas needs to be explained in detail,keeping in mind that a absolute beginner(NON TECH) is learning  the digital concepts completely fresh.
Great theoretical knowledge that provides an overview to necessary methodology and processes. Would have enjoyed more practical exercises with other classmates as someone new to this field.
Content of the course was quite useful. The only feedback I have is to make the lecture videos slightly less monotonous (maybe by using animations or moving around/ changing locations).
As a management student it is very important to understand what the customer actually wants. This course helps to understand how to create a product to meet customer needs and wants,
A really nice course! I would love to have a summary of the key points in a PDF version from each topic with charts and templates that later can be used for a professional project!
The video material was good for the most part, but I felt there was a lack of legitimate testing. I didn't even view the videos from the week 4 and passed the quiz on my first try.
Good visual management. It's interesting for project manager or maybe more students. Unfortunately if you come from agile universe, most of this course has no interest for you.
Good introduction into digital product management with great overview. For a non-native English speaker partly a bit hard to translate/link script to course material.
Could be a bit more detailed, when it comes to quizzes, but overall this was a great course and that taught me a lot and reinforced what I had already learned.
A very good introduction to key concepts and techniques for product managers and related roles. Week 4 was not so interesting and engaging as the other weeks.
The course is very helpful for people who want to begin their career in product management and give a clarity on roles and responsibilities of product manager
The content of the course was good. What would have helped more I feel are the peer reviewed exercises that are there in the digital marketing specialization.
Got to learn a lot of new things. This course gave me a first hand experience of what to expect out of various kind of PM roles. Would definitely recommend.
Nice overview of Product Management concepts. Not too much hands-on work or assignments, but I guess this makes sense given the format for an online course.
Really nice information about Product Management but a little bit rote learning not so much room for generating opinions or making tricky prioritizations.
It's a great overview and stepping stone into Product development. Although online videos are a one-way street, the instructor, Alex, is really engaging.
Covers basic concepts for IT product management , Talked about how to figure out "New product Development" as well as "How to amplify existing product".
Good course with clear explanations. I didn't find all the material very relevant to me and not always practical. but it is interesting and informative
The content is great, very diverse and helpful. In the other hand, it lacks more practical content and examples regarding some of the tools presented.
Course was great! Alex touched most of the PM fundamentals at a high level. Some sections felt rushed. Alex could have gone little more into details.
This course gave me a solid understanding of Digital Product Management. The material was extremely interesting and the instructor was very engaging.
it was nice to have such a remarkable tutor /teachers ,i had alot to learn through this course hope you people arrange more such courses in future
Some more examples outside software products would have made it more interesting.  Explaining only with software products has its own limitations.
The course was so insightful and I learned so many new frameworks that can be applied to improve the product's performance as well as the team's.
It was very useful course and helped me to learn some skills about the process of marketing our product through various methods and strategies.
Nice insight into new methodologies that my corporation is interested in using. Also helpful to see some practices from examples and structure.
One of the best courses on Digital Product management with great content for readers and easy to understand and implement. Thank You Coursera
Great course for introduction to modern Product Management. Helped a lot to gain insights into the mindset required to be a Product Manager.
This is a really good course. Clear and concise. Good examples and collateral. I am using the information on my job as a scrum master now.
The course was very interesting and instructing. It would have perfect if the presentation would have been more structured and consistent.
Interviewees were a bit of a bore (except for the female who drew out her thoughts), but I like how Alex structured them consistently.
A very good course I would
recommend to PMs to get understanding of critical business models and practical
approaches for daily life.
Great course from a knowledgeable instructor. Especially loved sessions with real product managers from out there in the world.
I love this course because it was really immersive, i also enjoyed the instructor, he had a good grasp of what he thought us.
Well structured course but I think it will be better if there are more assignment related to implementation of the theory
Great Course just some of the Quizzes are not 100% clear. In different scenarios different approaches might be good.
Great course, with insights from product managers working in companies like Google and from the authors of books
I felt the course topics were taught in fast paced with not enough time to capture and understand the slides.
Great overview of agile PM methodologies. Sometimes staying too abstract to be useful, especially week 4.
Useful structuring of PM routine, but not a lot of really big insights and brand new ideas/instruments.
Very good inputs and ideas. I will personal use some of the shown techniques and tools in my company.
Practical Course. Lots of Guest from relative field delivered useful ideas. All in all a good course
Solid introduction to Product Management and how to use an agile approach to product development.
Course is good but taking an example of an existing known product could have been more effective
Really helpful,well explained.More useful for people with work experience as a product manager
I truly enjoy the course. Highly recommend it to whoever is interested in Product Management.
Excellent introduction digital product management with quizzes that actually make you think.
Loved the course material and expertise of the presenter. Thanks for organising this course
Very Informative course especially for people with very few/intermediate PM background.
It gives a lot of knowledge, can get a little mixed up, but overall great course!
Mr Alex is a great professor and the guest interviews also brought great insight.
a lot of blurry information: not clear sometimes how really to use this or that
Except for the multiple questions tests, I think is a good introductory course
That's a very nice course. Nowadays which is very useful and helpful methods.
Strong course offering a broad range of tools useful to PMs across the board.
good structure and content, just hope it can include more practical exercises
Great course to learn about fundamentals of PM and various techniques used.
Last week content was a little vague which made it difficult to understand
Good overview and breadth of tools for digital product management
I like the content and I believe I can use it in my daily work.
Alex has a great delivery and I like the real world interviews.
I learn lot of things related to the digital product manager.
Very good introduction and explanation of core principles.
Excellent way of teaching the pros and cons, thank you
Very informative for Digital Product and Data Managers
Nicely structured , good insights  in interviews
A good course for a budding product manager!
Good overview of Digital Product Management
Nice course to kick off Product Management
Very basic course, good for beginners
Good, i really learn something new.
Clear good pacing and information
Great experience Thanks for alex
very insightful and practical
I felt like I went from only a vague understanding of what it means to be a product manager to a much more focussed view of what this role entails, common best practices, experiences from other product managers, etc. This course was great for helping me decide if I wanted to pursue Product Management as the next stage in my career seriously or not, and I am glad to say that I am hooked and when I become a successful product manager this course would have been instrumental in retrospect.
I've been a Product Manager for a little over a year now, and have been working in the digital sector for over two. This is a really great course, consolidated much of my existing Product Management knowledge and built on other areas where I was lacking. I have taken notes to use as my 'cheat sheets' in my day to day Product Management to ensure I don't forget to implement things from it. Recommend!
I enjoyed this course very much! This course helped me ground myself in some of the core principles of product management and I'm confident that I will take what I've learned and put it into practice.
The course is just amazing. Thanks Alex for a great course.

I am now motivated to learn more about PM roles. If you are interested in this course you can go through the course review -  1. Course is addictive and contains a comprehensive introduction to core principles and exciting frameworks/methods used in Product Management.  2. Most interesting part is when the real Product Managers- Nir Eyal , David Chait, David Bland, Tamara Carleton, Ph.D., Eric Qi Dong ,Kiran Kadambi, Andrew Kritzer, Jim Rose , Greg Cohen and Nastia Root, talk about how they applied those core principles and frameworks in their use cases. Thanks everyone. 
3. The major part of this course focusses on the importance of achieving customer desirability through agile methodologies.  4. Teaches some great frameworks such as Business Model Canvas, Hook Framework and many others. I really loved the idea of Hook Framework, Lean Startup and Corporate Innovation Pipeline.  5. Touches upon the importance of Design Thinking in developing great processes for identifying personas, problems, and alternatives.
Great course, very educational and full of helpful information. The only thing that would benefit me would be some sort of step by step example of running a project from beginning to end. There are plenty of examples in the course on how to perform specific methodologies, but by the end I was really hoping for a big picture example of one project going through the whole process and using each tool along the way. Aside from that, an amazing course!
It was a really wonderful and structured course for Product Managers. There are many techniques which I didn't know and can use now to my product. Recommended course for all type of Product Managers.
I'm a digital designer who works for various client projects and sometimes plays a product manager role in these relationships. I found the course helpful for the frameworks it provides. A lot in software development is fluid that it can feel chaotic. This course helped structure my thinking, and I'll now be able to distinguish between chaos versus flexibility that is necessary to succeed. Outcome over Output is one of the takeaways I'll keep with me.
Thanks for producing and delivering this great product management fundamentals course. I really appreciate the effort to bring in experts. it really adds value when experts echo the ideas we learn here. Only one minor suggestion, some content goes really really very fast and hard to comprehend when message is between lines within lines. I suggest to articulate max 2 nested sentences in one. :)
Great overview of product management in a digital world.  It was very accessible to a beginner like myself.  There are a ton of great tools and process that are easily transferable to the real world.
This course covers all the necessary and much required fundamentals about the product management. The course structure is very well balanced and covers all the aspects of product management. Thanks
I have been a product professional for more than 5 yearns now. Even at my experience level, I could gain a lot of insights and practical frameworks which I could use at my everyday work.
Great introduction to the current world of Digital Product Management. Appreciated the examples, such as the chicken coop company, and the HR/Hiring application. Most of the speakers were great, although I would've appreciated if they shared more real life examples, instead of big picture theory (which tended to be redundant against the information already taught throughout the course). Professor Cowan has a  great personality, which made it very easy to watch the lectures. Overall, I am very happy I took the course, for I feel that I have a better foundation on Digital Product Management, which will help me continue learning more about Product Management without feeling overwhelmed.
This was a terrific introduction and explanation of recent concepts and methods which a product manager can use to be much more effective in his or her role.   Alex Cowan did an outstanding job in presenting the information clearly and in keeping me engaged.  For the most part, the guest speakers were very informative.  I have not checked the repository of the content, so cannot speak to that (another comment may be forthcoming... )  I say this because I would like the opportunity to refer to the documentation from time to time, to refresh my memory, when needed.  Really enjoyed it, and learning the material.
I want to  truly thank Mr. Alex Cowan for carving out such a nice course for all the product managers and aspiring ones as well. The course content is very good and if any one has been in the industry and worked as a product manager then he / she can relate to it very well. The way Alex has explained the concepts and how we need to implement them is of immense importance for any product manager in their daily product management related work activities. I will recommend this course to all the aspiring product managers as well as those who are already practicing product management.
I have been in the digital space for many years, and the course helped me gain some amazing perspectives on creating the actionable focus to successfully manage products using modern product management methods, plus exploring new product ideas as well as managing/amplifying existing products. The modules, questions, inputs from industry experts and frameworks are really synced well together.Thank you, Professor Alex Cowan and the team at University of Virginia Darden School of Business and also thank you Coursera for the great platform and course experience.
Being a founder of 2 startups and author of 2 technical books Alex brings experience to this course along with greatly formulated content which covers principles, practices, processes, frameworks which are being used in the industry.  Short interviews with industry experts give insights to real time practicesWith this Course i am able to get the fundamental knowledge of core principles in all the aspects of product management. Since the content is dense, as Alex suggests need to put them to practice one at a time to get acquainted with.
Great course overall. Only recommendation is to have more time spent on Roadmaps, and show samples in the session on good and bad ones. This will help if it can be visualized more for students, and the process to create and maintain them. Without this we can't communicate about the product and our plans to others. Also some time on why to use some popular roadmap tools like ProductBoard, ProductPlan, Aha!, etc would be good. But that is my main feedback. Overall the course is superb. And the Professor, Alex Cowan, is outstanding!
This is an excellent course indeed in every aspects. I have learned the much needed Product Management fundamental and also current trends and best practices. Alex has a great teaching and practical experience in delivering what we want to learn and the course is well organized. I really like the talk sessions with industry partners. The resources section have lots of valuable things that we can learn. Thank you Alex, UOV - Darden School of Business and Coursera platform for giving me this valuable opportunity to learn.
This is an amazing course.  It is exactly what I was looking for. I have told friends about the course who have also started it and felt as excited as I am.  I had studied and executed various aspects of product management but did not know where my gaps were and, in some cases, the language commonly used.  I feel much more confident about the approaches I have been taking and am clear on how to move forward in areas that I can learn more.   I only wish I had found this course sooner.  Thank you!
This is a brilliant high level introduction to Product Management with further reading and work available to deep dive into some of the concepts and tools introduced through the lectures. Alex is a super engaging, clear and personable lecturer with a great list of guest speakers who relate the course content to real life scenarios and experience. I truly believe that this course helped me get my first junior product role during a career transition from project management into product management.
The course is structured very well - it walks you through different aspects in the life of a product manager, different people they interact with, common mistakes worth avoiding and provides guidance around the recommended ways to interact with different stakeholders to get things done in a mutually beneficial way. Examples provided put theory into a practical context and help you ingrain them better. A recommended course for anyone looking to work with / as a PM in a more cohesive manner!
This course gave me a solid foundation to continue my PM education (as of this point in time i have done a 6-month product stretch, read books, essays and articles, and listened to hundreds of hours of Product podcasts and speakers). There was still plenty for me to discover including roles and titles more specific than "Product Manager." If you are outside of the tech or product world (I have a sales/service background) this is an excellent start to pivoting to a new career.
Great course, great content! Highly recommended for any new PM or any experienced PM wanting to flesh out their skill set. One key detail for me was what inputs you should give to each of the business teams and what outputs you should expect from them. This is important given how ambiguous the Product role can be and that you usually end up spending time filling gaps yourself to ensure success, rather than being clear what the business teams should be doing for you
The instructor of the course presents the content with a lot of knowledge and deep understanding on a easy to absorb manner.The content is really dense and i had to keep coming back to lectures to get a better understanding so maybe it could go a little deeper on a few of those if the course was longer.Overall I am really satisfied with the content and teaching methods and I believe the course has contributed a lot to me.
Completed this excellent Coursera certification course on Digital Product Management. The course helped me to learn the role of Product Manager in the new Agile/Data Science driven world and all the methodologies and tools that we can use to create/enhance, new/existing products. The course was example and scenario driven, with interviews from successful Product Managers from various industries. Definitely recommend it.
Thanks for the great program, structuring and pace Alex. Lot of the digital product management concepts have been new to me, and helped me understand in greater depth of why i do, what i do, intuitively.This program will help me stay relevant in the current digital product management market and stay ahead of the curve by applying the concepts of digital product management.  Overall,  i enjoyed this program very much.
Fantastic course! Highly recommended for anyone interested in the job of (digital) product management, or product design and development in general. Gives a lot of useful information, tools, advise, etc, in order to be a more effective product manager and develop better products, which I will certainly use and which will certainly help me in my job. Well structured and presented as well. Many thanks, Alex!
It was a very productive course. Some guest speakers were very effective and gave great examples from the office. It was a great intoduction to a lot of methodologies that I did not know existed. In addition, the resources were super helpful. The time schedule was hard to keep up with, as I'm working in the mean while. But thanks to Coursera I was able to postpone the session and continue where I left off.
This is an excellent course for professionals who wants to break into product manager role. It benefits experienced PMs as well, in brushing up their PM fundamentals and providing the overall context. Alex provides a whole lot of frameworks, techniques and methods with ease and makes it very relevant with occasional interviews with subject matter experts in those specific areas. Overall, a 5-star course!
Even you won't be a ready-to-go-in-the-real-work Product Manager after the course (practice is always a key!) but this is a great course that will give you an overview of the most modern frameworks, methods etc. that you can start practising.  Alex is a great lector - I've enjoyed the course very much and I recommend it to everyone who wants to have an overview of state-of-the-art product management.
Excellent course full of very practical advice. The instructor is incredibly engaging. I took away much more from this course than I thought I would. While assessments are limited to quizzes, they questions seem to be well-thought out. The interviews were a great addition as well. I predict that this will be a course that I will be referring back to as I transition to a digital product owner role.
I am very satisfied, becasue this course allowed me to have know a modern Theory associated with practical content with the views of competent and knowledgeable professionals; High level didactics; great digital material; many methods, which allow the PMs to choose which best practices suit their profiles.
Grangatulation to Mr Alex Cowan e thank you so much to sharing a piece of his knowledge
This course is outstanding!  I haven't been in the role of product manager for over ten years.  This course has given me the knowledge and experience to reenter this role based on current practices of digital product management.  I especially enjoyed the interviews with Darden alumni currently in roles where they understand product-market fit and deliver products that meet customer needs.
I looked for a new approach in product management and Alex fulfilled my expectations with his course. He is passionate about product management and likes to share his experiences.  For someone whose English is not his mother tongue, Alex communicates it in a very comprehensible and pictorial way. His network of experts is suitably diverse. However, I had some problems understanding them.
Concise, encompassing all necessary ideas for beginner PM. You can iterate, dig deeper and learn more yourself then, because you have the track, the fundamental ideas to lean on.As course is based on Agile ideas, the course itself looks like agile project - kind of zero waste. Each idea, each topic or subject is valuable, each sentence brings some message with it. Thanks!
It is an amazing course for beginners and intermediate professionals. The way Prof. Alex explains the concepts is clear and fluid. It is leaning a bit towards the entrepreneurial side.  As an aspiring product manager, I learnt structured thinking an implementation skills from this course. I would totally recommend this course to the aspiring and existing product managers.
First of all, I would like to thanks Coursera for providing such a wonderful cost that really has made me learn lot of things about Product Development and how to manage growth of it. I had studied from different sources but this one is not only unique from other but it also share logical content that helps you building products. Kudos to Alex Cowan, and team of Coursera.
Great! Alex is clear, modestly fun, shows real knowledge and is also an easy figure to watch and follow. Honestly, I expected more complexity, but this course served to show me I've always been working with Product Management, Agile and Design Thinking, but naturally, never with the "correct names", if I can say it that way. Truly recommend for those quite lost, like me!
All the information provide in the course is beneficial to any aspiring or current product manager. One unique part of this course is the interviews with special guest (Darden Alums) that relate the subject matter to their current roles. Iâ€™m so excited and thankful for Alex sharing his insight on this topic and look forward to taking more classes instructed by him.
This course gave me a very clear mental model of what a PM should do. It was very interesting throughout. Every week i learned something new, i unlearned something i though i knew. The icing on the cake is this course will not only make you a PM but also an entrepreneur. It is balanced towards both enterprise and statup worldThanks Alex for such a wonderful course.
This is one of the best courses I have taken at Coursera and I have taken over 25-30. It covers practical product management, and supplied the student with actual tools and references to achieve the process. The professor has pulled material from cutting edge books and practitioners to craft a product management workflow/lifecycle that is actionable. Thank you sir!
Thank you so much for having me here as a learner. I really appreciated how the topic being discussed. It is helping me to understand more about the role of Product Manager and was able to hear some speakers giving out their tips and advice from their experience! Looking forward to learning more things for my next course! More power to Coursera. God bless you all!
Nice course, gives a broad with of Agile and modern way to address product management.The interviews are really helpful as well as they give different views from different PM.It would have been good to provide more self-contained slides, a lot happens on the videos and it is impossible to take notes, the slides are nice but will not help to go back to the content
Very good introduction with good detail about Product Management. This is especially useful for people who have been working on traditional software and need to understand the way digital products can be built.This helped me to get a perspective about the options of integrating digital products and the associated methodologies to a more traditional architecture.
Really enjoyed it. I'm currently more in an interdisciplinary marketing role, but want to step into digital product management. Thanks to Alex some of my existing knowledge was assured while I was able to add new method and techniques to my tool set. Looking forward to build great product and find that El Dorado between desirability, feasibility and viability.
Strong product management course even for experienced PMs since it discusses the application of modern methodologies derived from leading practices in experimentation, customer creation and innovation management.  It also has comprehensive sections about exploring a new product idea and performing incremental innovation depending on the problem-solving phase.
Excellent course - recommend it 100% to anyone that wants to be a product manager or works currently in a similar role. The teacher knows what is talking about, presenting a lot of frameworks that can be used in real life. Relevant & updated information, summarizing in a well documented format all the principles that you should know in the modern workplace.
A very uplifting and informative course about the daily business, processes, and impediments a product manager is working with. Especially the interviews with experts from well-known companies are very good and enlightening. Everyone interested in getting into the field, or learning something new about product management should consider this great course.
Great course encompassing all the significantly important aspects of Digital Product Management and still retaining the core concepts of Desirability, Viability and Feasibility across the course. Many practical tips shared which can be easily implemented from Day 1. Amazing course which will help learners across the different stages in the PM maturity.
This is a really great overview of product management! There are a lot of great frameworks that I wish I had learned earlier in my product career. I would recommend this course to an aspiring PM over a CSPO (or the like) course. There is still value in a CSPO course, but I personally was really craving these sorts of actionable/applicable frameworks.
A very well structured course for Product Managers and Product Management Aspirants. Each an every topic discussed in this course is highly relevant and Advanced in today's Product Management world. I got some wonderful insights about New Product Development Framework, Hooks Model, Analytics for PM etc. Thank You Mr. Alex Cowain for awesome delivery.
Consumable, yet comprehensive, and extremely actionable. Especially when paired with the resources and venture design website. Hate to say it, but probably more tangibly valuable than any of my MBA courses. I also used some of the material for "what is your thought process" type questions in an DPM interview, and the interviewees were blown a way.
Alex Cowan has put a detailed prospective of product management role in well balanced and detailed concept and good tools for us to use during our lifecycle as product manager. Some live examples from different industries was a very good insight on how these are implemented on ground. Thank you for all the insights on Digital product management.
The course covers a wide array of topics. The focus is on the breadth of coverage, not too deep into one path. The takeaways are very relevant to practitioners. PM's with vast experience or a very niche category might not relate to some of the content, regardless, highly recommend. I will go back and watch a few video's again from time to time
This course has solidified and gave structure to some mental yardsticks I have had about product management. It also introduced me a variety of new tools, concepts and information that are instrumental to product management. The information delivered might seem a lot to take in initially but after a few weeks, it all start to connect together.
This course was a helpful overview of modern ideas and practices within product development. I enjoyed the way the course is broken out into short videos, infographics, practical examples, and real-life interviews throughout; quick and to the point. I am excited to try to apply some of the concepts I have learned in this course. Thanks Alex!
This course was well constructed and planned to provide a great story about Product Management. I was able to come to the realization that, even though I have not held the role of Product Manager officially, I have performed many of the duties of a PM. This will provide me with confidence and more detailed approaches to my future PM roles.
A well-structured program for practictioners by a seasoned practitioner himself. Alex Cowan's dedication to the subject comes through in his lectures and interviews. I have done several other PM programs but none of them went deep into the real-life situations and case-studies as this course has. So thanks for that Alex and Team Coursera!
the course is informative enough regarding how to efficiently manage your product in a modern and agile approach which is not limited to digital product. useful course materials covering product development, team management and tools together with interviews that helps a lot in getting to know real business case. will recommend to others.
Great information and refresher for the experienced product manager. I especially enjoyed the recommendations for more effective meetings as well as the perspectives on the different types of businesses and product managers. My role is extremely all over the place so the recommendations will help me put some organization to the chaos!
A great perspective of what a product manager represents, methodologies that are currently applied, such as understanding the various stakeholders that make up your team and allow the development of a better product.
It is a great course, it addresses too many topics and many perspectives, some deeper than others, highly recommended.
A great way to review the basics of Product Management.  If you've been practitioner of this discipline, this course allows you to discover new 'tools' or course correct a wrong notions.  For example. this course has shown me a different definition of MVP, and the value of concierge prototyping and the release of a 'fake feature'.
Brilliant course. The emphasis on running experiments to test for motivation (building MVPs) and take those validated learnings to multiple teams was my strongest take away. I am a new/ aspiring PM (wanting to move from PMM), this course really helps me with focus and lens as to how i should look at the product development process
Recommended for those interested in learning how to build a product or startup from scratch, leveraging the most updated entrepreneurship and product management theories. Very structured way to developing a product (either in a product or startup team). Tools and frameworks are relevant and explained in an easy-to-follow way.
Thanks for a great course allowing me to understand the overall product management process in a simple and effective way. I was able to do the course in just about 9 days because of available capacity. Happily recommending this course to anyone who wants to get a quick and solid understanding of agile product management.
In this course, Professor Cowan manages to cover in detail a variety of topics ranging from product/market fit to CI/CD, and how PMs in the modern digital era will need to iterate through these subject areas, apply best practices and learn to find the optimum intersection of desirability, feasibility and viability.
The curriculum of the course is very close to how we follow agile product development in our day to day work. I learned some key theoretical aspects of agile PD, which should help me to be more probing and articulate in my discussions, analysis and documentation in current and future software features I develop.
Very well structured with tons of extra material and opinions from real industry experts.It does make sense to take the whole specialization since it will be an easier education process (most of the courses are interdependent) and it can make a well rounded professional out of anyone.Thanks, Alex! Great course!
This course is exactly what I needed.  We have just adopted Product Management after implementing agile development and project management.  Product Managers are new to our organization and I on;y wish I had taken this course at the beginning of our journey, not 8 months in.  We have so much low hanging fruit.
Great course. As a principal and business development leader in my firm, product management has become an unexpected requirement for me to assist in pushing forward the success of my organization.This program has delivered the perspective and foundation that I will need to take my skillsets to the next level.
Thank you, Alex! A wonderful set of useful frameworks & structure! Provides both prectical advise and perspective into profession. It was genuinely interesting. And very nice way to present, interviewing experts and ask questions. Love it. I even came up with ideas - not always happens to me after courses =)
Really good course. Concise yet with lot's of good topics covered at introductory level. Personally I found the topics on how to approach initial product building (staging the discovery processes) vs growth of existing products, the business model canvas and introduction to managing user behavior most useful
Great course to gain an understanding about what product management is about, especially if you don't come from a product background. It likely doesn't give you the required knowledge to apply for a product management job, but it definitely teaches you the language and mindset to be conversant on the topic.
I am a senior dev guy who needed a good product perspective. This course definitely served that  purpose. On top of that it made me really find interest in this new function. It will definitely make the job of working with product teams easier for me. I think Alex did a great job of teaching this course.
Amazing! I have had 8 years of PM experience, and this was a breath of fresh air. Not only were there new concepts, but also the fact that it helps you understand PM from many different perspectives like startup, beginner, mature. HIGHLY RECOMMEND if you are trying to get into PM or want to learn more.
I explored this course to understand whether Product Management is actually what I think it is and I heard a resounding "Yes". Alex was great in putting all the concepts in a simple and clear way. I also enjoyed the videos where Alex's interacted with the product managers currently in the industry.
A coesive introduction to new frameworks and tools for digital product management.Great exploration of PM`s role and how you should play along with other areas of expertise.It was a refreshig experience to review my knowledge and to learn new perspectives and aproaches to managing digital products.
The course is useful, clear, and complete. Thanks for the explicit explanations as well as the description of the tools used as a Product Manager. It was very interesting to listen the different experts and PMs from different industries, their pieces of advice are fundamental for my knowledge.
The instructor helped me understand each and every concept really well whereas it took me a while to understand those concepts from a different platform, he explained it well and precisely. He covered almost everything that we need to know about Digital Product Management Fundamentals
Highly recommended! Being a software engineer, I'm usually focused on the technical aspects of the development and not so much on how the business is structured around the product. This course gave me some new tools and skills to help me see product development from a different angle!
Great course, many relevant frameworks to sharpen the positioning of the product manager in an organization and better manage product-related outcome expectations from various stakeholders. Separation of PM for new products vs. improvement of existing products also extremely helpful.
Excellent course for existing product manager or aspiring product manager. Very useful for entrepreneurs. A large number of startups fail due to not having a clear understanding of the customer needs and this course has very detailed, action oriented approach to achieve this aspect.
This course has a very nice blend of latest PM practices including Data science, design thinking and Agile.  The examples are very insightful and having Enable Quiz case study run through entire set of topics is very useful. Thank you Alex Cowan for very wonderful insights.
This course is blessing. Professor Alex has put a very informative course. To give a particular example, the business model canvas is super efficient over pages long B-Plans. Even though I don't write a B-Plan but I do have read them and I can already see its effectiveness.
AS a Product Manager, I'm finding the structure, content and frameworks used in this course of the utmost quality.  They are having a direct impact in how I  manage my products development, stake holders relations and hoy I relate with the rest of the team.THANKS!!!!!!!
Great course for overview of Product Management. You can download the videos to take with you and watch while commuting. The exercises and quizzes stimulate thought and desire for continued learning. The course also contains links to other resources for deeper learning.
Great course, among the best I have taken. Very well planed and clear way of explaining what a PM is, how he/she interacts within an organization, which should be his/her objectives and mindset and which tools he/she could use to achieve success. Congratulations Alex!
Very good course to beginners in Product Management, I am a Digital marketing professional who just jumped into this domain and this course is helping me amazingly to be very effective during our meetings and staying at next level while application of Fundamentals.
Simply packed with useful information and resources.   I am NNOT a product manager but I work with a team of them every day and my  ability to speak their language and contribute to their work has been  significantly elevated.   Thank you  so much for inviting me!
this course give a very good insight of what a PM is, the role of PM , agile method and various methods to implement to bring out good results about the product that you are designing. this course helps us to understand the point of user, the importance of user.
Excellent course, learned a LOT and enjoyed doing it.  Love the testimonials that backup the learning from the lectures and the approach the instructor took with the course.  Would definitely recommend for anyone wanting to get into the Product Management space.
Excellent course for even a highly experience product manager as myself. Alex talks simply, and relates well to real world scenarios. The sample company Enable Quiz really helped bring home validating ideas and other parts of the course to a fictional business.
Excellent course to understand the fundamentals of Product Management and also how to go about building a new or enhanced product. Interviews with experienced Product Managers help to understand the topics as practical implementations instead of just in theory.
It is a brilliant course. It has been well structured by the faculty. It brought along a wide canvas of knowledge and stood up to my expectations. I would recommend this course to people willing to get through the fundamentals of the Product Management sphere.
Excellent! Extremely useful and relevant with lots of great ideas to apply easily. Alex Cowan is an amazing trainer and speaker.  I also appreciated a lot the interviews with Product managers sharing their real experiences. I highly recommend this course!
The content was easy to digest and understand in small bits. It made it easy to listen to the lessons when I had time. The quiz responses to incorrect answers were set up well. Instead of providing the correct answer I was told which video to watch again.
Fast-paced but highly informative and well taught... Alex is a dynamic and interesting professor that helps to make the learning process easy.   Love the 1-on-1 interview with field experts and the practical advice that came out of the "Top 3" questions.
Professor Alex Cowan creates a very good course with solid fundamental knowledges on how to be a successful product manager. I definitely learned a lot from the guest speakers at the digital product management course also. I recommend to take the course.
Good explanations, valuable insights from industry leaders, quiz format keeps the information fresh, and some useful post-course materials I am able to take away from it and use day-to-day. I enjoyed taking this course and will recommend it to my peers!
I currently work as a proxy product owner in my current organization which is agile driven. I was able to relate the learnings to my current role at my organization. Looking forward to changing my approach hoping to become a growth product manager soon.
A very good course for professional who are in product manager role or wants to get into product manager role in future.I find it very satisfactory and up to the mark.I may use of the artifact and tools mentioned in this course in my current project.
I enjoyed this course. It helped me to get a better understanding of the Agile Methodology. This will help me in my current role. Alex Cowan provided great material, and his presentations were clear and precise. Great guest speakers too! Thank you.
There were quite new things which I was able to learn and even relate to some extent. Concepts are quite interesting and I believe it is a course which every Product Manager should visit in order to improve and learn what they were missing on.
Excellent and clear explanations with lots of hands on practical advices, tools, approaches for various situations. In addition, interviews from actual PM practitioners provide insights to real life work of a PM. Really valuable and worthy!!!
I liked the course. Scientific approach and short interviews with real products from big companiess like Google and Amazon, and small startups in the USA. It is easy to remember, because after each section it is obligatory to pass the test.
This course by Alex helps a lot in understanding the concepts of Product Management from all arena. I tried searching for good Product Management courses but I will admit this is by far the best resource on Product Management Fundamentals
I have been working as a product manger for last 3 years, but the course has so much new things too learn and refresh concepts and bring different views. I like those video conversations with different product experts across the industry.
Quick snapshot of product management role, supporting tools and relevant terms. I liked the understanding of product management spectrum and significant differences between new product development and managing existing product portfolio.
A great course with several examples across different industries for the learner to learn the subject. The interviews with PMs from eBay to google to startup founders made the material lot more fun and exciting to learn and understand.
I loved the course and there were extensive topics which has been covered in this course,which equip me to take my first steps towards Product Management.Thanks Alex & all other collaborators who have helped me throughout the course
It's a fantastic primer on product management. I would strongly recommend this to any aspiring PM who wants to build a strong foundation in terms of techniques and best practices that will empower you to perform better in the role.
This is one of the best courses related to product management that I studied. Even experienced product leaders can get new insights and think of products that they built in the past and what could been built differently and better
WELL, THE WHOLE EXPERIENCE OF LEARNING ABOUT THIS COURSE WAS GREAT.I ACQUIRED KNOWLEDGE ACROSS VARIOUS AREAS OF DIGITAL PRODUCT MANAGEMENT ESPECIALLY IN MODERN FUNDEMENTALS.AND HOPING TO APPLY THE ACQUIRED KNOWLEDGE INTO ACTIONS.
Liked to learn all the fundamentals concepts and tools that could help me to improve my role as a PM. All the guests videos on how they apply these to real products enlightened me.....I am already exited to try these on my own.
Thanks! It helped me a lot to structure my knowledge and improve understanding about the Product Manager's role. I am from Ukraine and this profession is relatively new, so I want to thanks Coursera for creating this course!
The course really helped understand product management in the most practical way. Reading through "Cracking the PM interview" along with this course provides a well-rounded insight and knowledge on modern product management.
Excellent course! The course material is very well structured and the concepts are very well taught by the faculty! It certainly adds value to product managers and those who wish to take up product management as a career.
Greatly enjoyed this course. I thought the topics were high level enough to really get a good understanding of what Product Management entails, but there were also enough examples to understand how to implement practices.
A great Course! Highly recommended. Throughout the experience, I learned new methods and processes to build/ create better products and effectively communicate with team members! Thanks, Alex I enjoyed the interaction!
This course is really good. I love to learn a lot of things from the basic of product management until how we can execute it during the sprint.All of the information is easy to use especially in my personal experience.
a great summary of the fundamentals and I learned a lot. I work for a larger corporation so some of the examples didn't quite fit with my current role, but I was easily able to extrapolate how to apply what I learned.
As a UX Designer, this course has been great great to see a wider picture of product development.I got lots of practical tips and many of the questions have trigger self analysis and profssional improvement, thanks!
For someone, like me, who has no experience with Product Management whatsoever, this course definitely has been a window into this domain. It has helped me understand the basics of what Product Management is about.
This is a hugely informative entry into the world of digital product management. Insights in the course, as well as the resources provided, will (I hope) prove to be invaluable to me as a DPM and my organisation.
Great course, great instructor. Alex has an outstanding ability to breakdown any concept and translate them no matter the students experience level. I am going to recommend this course to my staff and colleagues.
This is a great course for budding as well as seasoned Product Managers to refresh the approaches to begin, plan, test, validate and scale up what they are doing on a day to day basis. Found it really helpful!
This was such a good overview of many components of being a project manager. I appreciated the application/activity questions along the way and enjoyed the videos with advice from successful PMs in the field.
It's more useful to people who is starting to work as a digital product manager, or are currently at that position. But in general, it has very good tips and advices that work for any kind of product manager.
It was very practical and quite relevant to my current position and my future responsibilities. Alex is also great at explaining intangible things and showing bad and good examples plus giving practical tips.
Comprehensive, clear presentation of the tools and foundations for Digital Product Management. Interviews with practitioners give a good sense of reality and applicability of what is being taught. Thank you!
This course is densely loaded with useful techniques for PMs. Though you can get overwhelm and need some time to crystallize, I highly recommend taking it. Thanks to the University of Virginia & Alex Cowan!
its really comprehensive course , what is the unique about it to make it the best PM  i have attended is to include more practical engagement event in the material itself or form the visitor participation.
Great for beginners! Content is well organized and structured for you to follow. There are a few technical terms but are not too difficult to understand after being explained. Would take this course again!
This is a really cool course for someone who wants to know and dive into the product management strategies. The course is engaging and gives us a real life perspective of solving product management issues.
Okay - so this experience has been amazing. First time through a Coursera. Great content taught by an articulate practitioner! I'm looking forward to applying these principles and techniques to my startup!
Fantastic course that went way beyond an overview and presented detailed actionable information. Alex was terrific, and his real world knowledge + interviews with working PMs brought the concepts to life.
This is one of those rare courses that's based on empirical learning - love it and highly recommend this course to anyone that wants to get a rudimentary understanding of what product management involves.
Very nice course. Gives a very clear picture of what to expect from Product Management and the underlying principles and skills. Must do course for beginners and practicing professionals in product roles.
Interesting concepts shared. Pracitical insights from industry practitioners. Finally understand how all the buzzword concepts link together. Course was well designed and the quizzes weren't easy! Thanks!
Great course to have a large understanding of what product management is emphasising its interface role within the company. Highly recommend to people that want a hands-on course on Product Management.
The course delievers a lot of knowledge, strategy and tools for product managers. You will finish the course with many ideas and tools to implement and have more success in your company. Great course!
I liked the course content, even though i do not work - yet - with product. It gave me a good overview of what to expect in the near future, when i expect to be able to put the knowledge into action.
Very informative and well structured. Alex is very knowledgeable and he is capable of transfer his experience into practicable real business examples. Well done guys, I enjoyed taking this course!
I'm totally a Newbie about Digital Product Management. I learn a lot of New Things. I hope this Certificate will advance my career. Thank you Professor Alex Cowan for teaching me a lot of things.
The instructor was successful in explaining concepts, as if his listeners are at a basic level of background and understanding of digital product management, while doing it on a steady pacing.
A good start into the topic with practical tools as a guide though. In the beginning I was in doubt but shortly you get used to the teaching style. @ the end I loved it and can only recommand.
A fantastic course and it takes you to the  on the ground reality and the frameworks and concepts shared was amazing. One would get a solid basics in place and can hit the ground much faster.
I work as a product manager and this course was very very useful to me.It is concise, to-the-point and practical and also gives clues about the potential useful areas to further your studies.
I was looking into getting into PM, I think it s a great overview of the role with practical tools to keep in mind. Loved the course, will make more confident in my next role and interviews.
the classes were flexible and the lecturer was very clear .There were enough real life experiences as spelt out by different guests to make for a well rounded experience.thank you Coursera!
This is a terrific course that gives a great outlook on what you need to do if you want to pursue Product Management. Alex is amazing to provide great insights by giving real-life examples.
Alex Cowan is a great host and facilitator of this product management course. I learned a lot that I can now apply to the products I manage and the new products that I will take to market!
The learning platform was really nice and the content was excellent. Alex Cowan explains things very well, and I learned a lot about the subject. Overall I am very happy with this class.
Great start for software product management roles. Gave a clear idea since ideation to launching of products. As PMs, it gives us a planned roadmap of how to approach product management.
Some of the questions during the test are too long. Please keep it little shorter. The content and especially the leanings from interviews with top PMs is the biggest takeaways for me..
A great course to learn about the various tools and techniques available at the disposal of a modern Product manager to improve his/her work and create more value for the organization
Really good perspective on modern product management with info on useful tools are techniques that are proven effective in successfully ideating,developing and delivering new products
The course was GREAT! I thought Alex broke down the content and provided context against the tools he shared really well! I have learnt so much and can use these tools straight away!
The course taught me a lot! From new concepts to best practices as product managers. Surely this is a necessary course for anyone who wants to develop a career in product management
I really enjoyed the courseÂ´s content and I have learned a great deal of PM. I hope to carry on and learn even more with the next modules.  Congratulations to Sam. Great presenter.
Excellent course, helped me know and revive the basis product management concepts. would prefer to enhance my product management knowledge using relevant courses in future as well.
Great Course! A lot of good ground covered throughout. Highly Recommended! The instructor brings a wealth of information to grow as a PM. Thank you Alex and University of Virginia
Excellent course - great as a refresher of basic skills/knowledge and also as a intro/overview of current trends/areas with respect to data science and business models. Thank you!
Very useful, great examples and tools, interesting interviews with experienced professionals and a big list of tips to better manage innovation and product development. Worth it!
Great course which gave me a structured view on creation of new product and amplifying existing one. I discovered here a lot of practicable techniques and new ideas for my work.
Probably the best introduction-level course on digital product management available online. Provide a lot of great insights in addition to a general overview of PM activities!
Great class. I learned so much about how Product Management works and how it fits within a corporation. I also learned new ideas on how to get my team to create user stories.
The course structure and the frameworks explained can be applied into practice immediately. I would recommend this course for both existing and future product managers alike.
Great course, it really bring you up to speed the knowledge of Product Management. The content, examples and the instructor way of teaching are excellent. Highly recommended.
Extremely useful course, it helps you advance in your PM career but also give you hints to upgrade any digital project you have in mind from a web page, video game, blog etc.
Very good. Sometimes I felt it was more focused on current PMs that wanted to grow in their role, but still a tremendous amount of insight for those of us new to the field.
This is my first course on coursera, and I love how coursera works. I also really enjoyed the subject matter of my course and the lecturer. I've learned so much!!Thank you!
The course is an exciting introduction into the overview of Product Management. It is highly recommended as the instructor and guests did justice to every area of concern.
Great course, learn a ton of new things and very practical to applied at company and have a lot of difference perspective from a lot of practitioner great product manager
Excellent course. I think it is useful for technical people too. You understand the big picture and then apply recommendations and techniques in your own team. Thanks!!!!
It is REALLY the best course I've taken in Coursera. I've been a Product Manager for a while, and it really made some order and opened my mind! Thank you for that course!
It was a good experience , provided a lot of insights . The industry based interviews provided hands on narratives of how the concepts actually work in practice . Thanks
Course is very practical, interesting and informational.I just miss some knowledge about tools. This needs to access more courses and search for practices.Thanks indeed.
The content and the presenter is brilliant. I couldn't recommend this more to anyone that is trying to sharpen or learn new skills in the Product management discipline.
One of the best Instructor driven course. Sir, your interview sessions with industry experts were really helpful. Thanks, for sharing your valuable knowledge with us.
A very good overview of product management fundamentals. Highly recommend it to everyone just starting in product management or wanting to know more about this field.
Supremely enriching and great teaching. All the concepts are very neatly explained and gives a great deal of clarity as to how it would be implemented in real world.
Amazing course. Worth the time and effort. Would recommend this to anyone looking for a full course on refreshing as well as getting started with Product Management.
UNDERSTANDING THE QUESTION AND ANSWERING THEM...WOW...NICE ASSIGNMENT. qUESTIONS ARE GETTING CHANGED FOR THE NEXT ATTEMPTS...WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE IN LEARNING..THANKS
I enjoyed taking this course.  The videos were interesting and easy to follow and stay engaged.  I enjoyed the mix of lecturer, guest speakers, quizzes and diagrams.
Very helpful and thorough course!  The professor is very knowledgeable and I liked the guest speakers.  I thought they brought a lot of value to the course as well.
That was really great course. I really enjoyed this all the course time.  And I've gained some new knowledge about product management truly. This is really helpful.
the course was not exhaustive but not too basic but good enough for someone who is interested in going into product management careers and will be a good head start
This course gave me a lot. Especially some tools I am using in my job and they are very effective.MVP - Test - Experience - Add something new - Test - experience...
Great course! So much learnt and so much to continue learning and improving. This really helped me to understand the fundamentals of PM role and impact to business.
Solid course, it is impressive to see how refined the lean startup approach has become.  I have already begun to use some of these lessons in my professional role.
This is very good course that provide a overall introduction to people who are beginner in the PM roles and also good PM or Higher Management for self examination.
Excellent course. Level of detail is enough to understand and the additional resources have what you need to keep learning and applying your lesson to real work!
Awesome delivery with clear examples you can relate to your everyday job. I'll recommend this course to anyone thinking of getting started in product management.
Great Start to learning the general tools and ways around Product Management. Now i have clarity around methods which i would want to refer to while in the job.
This course provided me much valuable information to my role as PM and help me to force some subjects that I already studied in others courses. 100% recommended
Great learning on some product management topics. Alex was very clear in explaining the whole thing. Will definitely try to explore further and go deep in this
Its very goood for beginners in the field of digital product management because it taught us very basics which is very much needed for be a marketing student.
This course was full of useful information, tips, and tools that can be applied to product management. I will be using many of these skills in my new PM role.
It was really a good course which helped me increase my knowledge on the basics and hope it will help me further on in the upcoming years. Thank you so much!
Great coursework for getting started with the concepts of Product management.  Clear and concise lecture material with information rich discussions sessions.
Really enjoyed this course and have recommended it to several others. Very practical advice and I appreciated the interviews with people in the 'real' world.
An excellent overview of the product management function with colored feedback from actual PMs across a variety of companies. I highly recommend this course!
A very good course and covers all the important aspects of product management . With this course I can cultivate a new way of practicing product management.
I learned the key terminologies, framework and mindset a product manger should have. The examples and the videos from product managers are very insightful.
Very informative and easy to understand. I liked how Alex brought in professionals across multiple industries to share their experience and insights. -Ryan
Wow Incredibly comprehensive and actionable yet not to much time is required, clearly solid product management fundamentals were used creating this course
Very informative, the topics were made clear and the professor made it a point to brush up concepts from previous classes to help better understanding.
A very well explained and detailed course. It helped me gaining the necessary skills for this field and prepared me for future endeavors in this field.
Well planned and executed the fundamentals of the course. It was really helpfull and I learned usefull tools and skills to my own career. Thanks a lot!
Great Course, Alex is a very good instructor and interview sessions with product managers offers very valuable insights and advise. Highly Recommended
As a current Product Manager at a software company, I found this course to be very helpful with a ton of great information to help me be a better PM!
Great introduction to the formal tools of product management. Very useful as someone who started a tech company, and does app development consulting.
Great articulated course content. Im really happy that the high quality of resources provided were practical and will aid in my professional progress
Excellent course on Product Manager! Ideal for all who interact on a daily basis with the product team, or for those in a PM role wanting to upskill.
This course gives a concise yet comprehensive view of modern approaches to digital product management. The guest sessions are particularly helpful!
Yet another gem of a course from Darden. Digital Product Management, including comments from industry practitioners, was a pleasure to learn about.
I really liked the way the course was provided. Easy to understand with a lot of useful information and real-live interviews with Product Managers
I was pleasantly surprised by how pragmatic and interesting this course was for Product Managers. I liked the most of the interviews and material.
Excellent and thought provoking course, which has helped to shape my thinking about what product management really is and how to perform it well.
Extremely well structured course. Lots of real life examples and techniques have been explained which made it highly relatable. Thanks Alex! :D
Great class. It includes a very structure explanation of the main elements required in Product Management, as well as many practical examples!
Well structured and explained. Good to grasp what is digital product manager does and have a glance at the methods/tools that can be applied.
An excellent course by Prof Cowan. I enjoyed learning the fundamentals of Product Management and look forward to applying these in my work!
this course helped me understand the role of Product Manager... nice teacher.. good way of teaching and the case studies were also helpful.
The course has helped me to understand Product Management in a broader perspective. I learned a lot of new tools to use in my current job.
It was a really nice course through which I learned a lot of new methods and tools that will definitely help me in the future. Thank you.
Best way to get clear understanding of the Product Manager role and get familiar with all the core concepts of modern product management.
Thank you the course was very helpful and informative for me to be able to use the knowledge in my future product management assignments.
Great class with general information on Product Managers best practices. Experienced Product Managers can also benefit from the course.
The course is well structred and covers every aspect of product management. The guest invited really helped to gain practical knowledge
Comprehensive, motivational course with great lecture and resource materials, as well as reinforcement through thoughtful assessments.
A must take course for any Product Manager or for people wanting to develop a new product, this will save you a lot a time and waste.
Absolutely loved this, the presenter explains everything in a concise and practical manner and the information covered is fantastic.
Great course! Each week I learned something I could take back to my team, and have a real impact on the success of our products.
Super summary of key skills you need as a PM for digital products, very well presented and encouraging to use in daily business.
Very well presented. The material covered is excellent and have a lot field interviews that are very useful based on practices.
Super interesting course for PM rookies. Lots of different concepts to ingest, greatly balanced with visual processes mapping.
Amazing Course! Learned so much and It helped me communicate and work better with my development team and management as well.
Great course with meaningful insights into digital product management. Really enjoyed the videos and supplementary resources.
This course is highly recommended for Entrepreneurs, Founders, Product managers and product enthusiasts.  Content is great.
The course is well explained and very descriptive with real-time examples. Thank You so much for the wonderful opportunity
A great course providing an overview of tools and frameworks to use while developing new and/or scaling existing products.
Great information and presentation.  The visuals were awesome and the examples were great too. Teh instructor was engaging
I learned a ton and got many things in my head. Exactly the thing I wanted to spice up my work with some new techniques.
I have learned many new things which is hopefully very much beneficial for me in my future business plan or my career .
Excellent experience for this course is very nice ,this is first time coursera  learning methodology thank you forever.
Clear concepts, good graphic support and very useful interviews in order to understand the real job other PM are doing.
Very great overview that can be used in a product management development role at any level to get entry into the field.
Great Course! for all who currently works as a product manager or looking for a role of product manager in near future.
Great course to get new insights to becoming a better product manager and learn other ways to do your job successfully.
Lovely course. Great introduction to digital product management and a stepping stone towards my personal future as PM.
Amazing, interactive and clear way to discuss Product Management! Full of examples and practical tips, thanks so much
Really good in breaking things down the concepts with examples for a beginner to understand the process or framework.
A must watch for every Product Manager out there. Make you take a step back and think about how to do things better.
It was an interested course and the video provided is so helpful because it throughs more light on customer journey
It's a great course and suggested tools are good. Few of them I can start implementing in my organisation as well.
Extremely nice and concise course, deals with relevant areas of product management. Beautifully structured course.
great course for beginning to know what jobs and sense PM should have. Come to try, or you will regret missing it.
Great introduction to the basics and exposure to a variety of guest speakers who are leading PMs in their fields.
The course is well designed & the Sessions from Product manager's from Google & other organizations were helpful.
best course for new aspirant for starting a career as Product manager, give as much as possible knowledge for DPM
I learned so much that I didn't even realize we were missing in my organization. I have an entirely new toolkit!
Very practical way of knowledge transfer. Liked especially the interviews with practitioners from google and co!
Great course to update your knowledge, organize and focus your views on how to approach a product (new or not).
I learned a lot in this course. Thank you Alex  for giving lot of tips and how to overcome on false situation.
Amazing, Loved it! Would like to meet Alex in person and congratulate him. Coursera, can you make that happen?
This course is a really practical way of explaining the subject rather than just explaining the theory alone.
Most of these methods got me started off in understanding Product Management fundamentals.Good place to start
Great beginners class. Alex puts many of the concepts into perspective with the case examples and interviews.
Really well taught course and it gave me a lot of tools that I, as a product designer, can use with my teams.
Excellently designed course that summarises  the common practices and know how regarding Product Management.
Awesome course for Product Managers. Give full and clear understanding in the roles of Product Management.
I'm so happy with the content of the course. I'm studying English too, so this was a very challenge to me.
Must attend by All Product Managers. It's very Practical and Applied Product Management Technique Training
This is the first course that I have used on COURSERA with my Girlfriend. Alex was 8.5/10 according to me.
Excellent content, very effective teaching and apt interviews with relevant and hands on industry experts
A great course on Product Management. I learnt a lot of new concepts and provided me with a lot of tools.
Excellent introductory course with real-life concepts and tools/processes that product managers can use!
Really amazing course and i have enjoyed a lot .Hope it will give me a lot of help in my future planning
Great introduction to product management, with lots of examples and applications of agile methodologies.
Lots of useful information! This course gives many interesting tools and techniques to try in the field!
Very effective  course and the  instructor was very knowledgeable and provided a wealth of information.
It is an excellent course for newbies. It gives kick start to start start career in Product management.
Good content, nice presentation and enough material to get you to understand basics of prod management.
Really nice course. A lot to learn and I hope to find more courses adjacent to this one from Alex soon!
Very usefull and interesting course.Thanks to Alex Cowan teaching in a very lively  and effective way.
this has been an amazing course. I wish the definitions and examples were refined maybe in a handbook.
Insightful, relevant and conceptually clear. The real life case studies with Google, LinkedIn, eBay we
Wonderful course, recommend every manager to go through it for over all product management knowledge.
This course consists of didactic and case scenario components which makes it relevant and digestible.
Fantastic course. Loved how practical it is, and how it was backed up y the instructor's experience.
Really awesome course. really had a tough time cracking the quizzes. concepts wonderfully explained.
Nicely designed, perfect for everyone who is looking to get started in domain of product management.
Excellent course. Brought me a new approach to my current job and has surely a new use to my career.
Very helpfull and really gave me a north. Now I'm ready to next step: Building something with agile!
It was an nice course, I have thoroughly enjoyed your teaching it was very useful Thank you so much
I think it's a great course if someone wants to start building understanding of Product Management.
Well done for someone new to the concept like me, it was really enlightening and exciting to learn
Great course structure and helped me with a structure thinking and approach on product management
This is a nice course for anyone having a rough idea of what PM is and would like to learn more.
Thanks Alex for this PM course, very informative and I will try something out in my daily work.
it is an excellent course .It gives you a big view of what digital product management is about
It is a really comprehensive course that introduces you to product management. I learned a lot
Excellent course I learned so much! I hope to take some more courses to pursue PM as a career.
A bit dry delivery of the lectures, but very useful, full of actionable tips & just practical.
This course helps to understand the fundamentals of product management in a clear defined way
Excellent, well explained, the instructor is clear and gives a real world vision of the topic
Nice coherent view on PM. Pretty dense. Community board looks a bit messy so I didn't use it.
Very practical advice and tools to update my PM skillset.  Off to brush up my SQL skiils now!
The courses had great content, learning pace was quick, and I really enjoyed each interview!
Great introduction, great teacher and slides clarifying what you need to become a great PM!!
Lots to take away-love the arsenal of useable tools I have to my disposal after this course.
This has been one of the most amazing and interactive course I have come across in Coursera
Gives excellent tools and insights regarding all the steps to creating or scaling a project
An engaging and informative approach to understanding the intricacies of product management
Great, wide variety of topics. And very significant in the practice of product management.
Excellent training program which helped to understand the framework of Product management.
Excellent course with a ton of very useful techniques and frameworks for product managers.
Excellent course by Alex. A great insight into all the key aspects of product management.
awesome reading material with great examples and real life experience of many PMs. Thanks
Very good course for those who aspire to become PMs as well as those who are already PMs
This course provided lots of tools and techniques to start building successful products.
Great course taught by a great instructor. Would definitely take other courses with Alex
It covers a lot of different perspective for some one who is new to product management.
Great practical knowledge that I could instantly use on my work to improve my products!
A really good introductory course to what product managers do and how they can improve.
The course is amazing, there are a lot of tools and real testimonials of great people.
Amazing course with all practical fundamentals of Product Management. Really loved it.
A great overview of Digital Product Management for those who do not work in the field.
I liked how Alex reveals the information. At the end of the course it all makes sense
The course was amazing, I expanded way too much my knowledge about a Product manager.
Superb course, brilliant, practical examples. A must for all UX and Product managers.
Very useful to my journey in building a product manager's mindset as well as skillset
Excellent course. Recommend to anyone who already is or have interest to become a PM.
You are going to enjoy and  learn a Lot with this course.Simple, clear and effective
it is fantastic courses, from this courses I learn much marketing knowledge. thank u
Excellent course structured perfectly and had a great experience learning the module
Good course for obtaining a complete fundamental overview of being a successful PM !
Course was outstanding and Mr Alex Cowan style was highly impressive, all the best.
Great content with challenging questions but just right for a beginning PM. Thanks!
Really liked the course - I would recommend highly - must have for Product Managers
Very good learning videos with excellent accompanying materials on Alex's website.
Its really commended course to understand Product management tools and Techniques
Content helped me in polishing my skills and help to think deeper about product.
Excellent video lectures, great explanations, awesome real-world PM interviews!
Best online course I have ever done. Great content, pacing and teaching methods
Great course to be introduced into the PM profession and skills! Many thanks!!!
Excellent course. Very informative interviews with industry experts. Thank you.
this course is very beneficial for all business persons and engineers ass well
Complicated subject is explained in simple manner, every one can learn easily.
Pretty informative and comprehensive kick start to digital product management.
it was really informative and really focuses on real life product management.
It was very informative, filled with useful and tangible examples. Thank you!
Excellent content. Can relate with many suggestions and scenarios at my work.
Really good. I really enjoyed the course and the ideas of Alex the instructor
This is great course taught me about an effective way of creating a product.
Great overview course with plenty of tips of practical relevance. Thank you!
pretty good course, full of knowledge, also well explained from the mentor.
Beautiful course, learnt a lot. Can't wait to put everything into practice
Greta learning materials and tools provided to do the Product Manager Job.
Really helpful course that provides a basic overview of product management
great course! i like every single week.i think it need to give more testes
I've learnt a lot from Alex and this course. I think it's really helpful.
The content is very focused, straightforward and supported with examples!
Great Course for Product Managers. Learn new skills to expands tool sets.
Great course. Explained in a proper and very easy way. Highly recommended
Wonderful course to take the steps into the world of product management.
Great insight!  Experiences shared by industry persons added more value.
I loved this course - it was really interesting and just the right pace.
Terrific recap and clarifications even for experienced product managers.
A very informative and structured course for the basic principles of PM
This is really an important for those who wants to be a Product Manager
Very clear and detailed course with fun content about being a good PM !
Thank you, to Coursera course because lean by various online course...!
It was really nice experience with you, Mr. Cowan. Thank you very much!
I enjoyed the course. However the most dificult part for me was wek 3.
The course is good, completed with real-world situation/implementation
The teacher is awesome. Loved his every suggestions. Helped in my job.
Great instructor! the tools learned are easy to understand and apply.
Thanks Alex for creating this course. Just the perfect way to learn !
Great material, delivered in an easy to follow, easy to digest format
Great Course!  I highly recommended to new or current product manager
Very well structured and great professor explaining things in detail
Very helpful and practical.  You can use this information right away
Thanks Alex!I learned a lot
Excellent course I definitely recommend!
It's amazing! I got all what i want to know for starting! Thank you!
Incredibly useful for aspiring product managers for digital products
Great content which Alex delivered in an clear and engaging manner.
Wonderful course which explains step by step in Product Management.
Excellent Course with various facets of product management covered.
Very informative for a begginer and with good structure! thank you
Basic information of product management is given in beautiful way.
Great course with a lot of useful content interestingly presented!
Excellent course materials and very nicely explained by the coach.
Fantastic! Thank you so much for a lot of new ideas and knowledge!
It's very good opportunity for learn digital marketing management
AWESOME STUFF. Thank you so much Alex Cowan and Univ of Virginia.
excellent insights from industry, well structured course material
great overview and a lot of valuable resources to use right away
Loved every minute of it! Will greatly help in my future new job
The learning was invigorating that will be useful in my career.
Great coverage and relevant depth; and Alex is a great teacher!
A very good course especially if someone is looking to startup!
Very useful and great course to learn modern fundamentals of PM
It's the best course for development of product manager skills
Provides a great overview of product management considerations
Great actionable videos and solid content. Highly recommended.
Great course to understand how to be a success product manager
Excellent coverage of approaches to Digital Product Management
This was a very engaging and informative course, Thanks Alex.
Excellent course.. A must for all aspiring product managers..
Great course about fundamental of digital product management.
Very Crisp and concise course especially the initial 2 weeks.
Fantastic course, especially for any budding Product Manager.
A very useful course about Product Management. Lo raccomando!
Best course to understand fundamentals of product management
Alex was amazing in his explanations and pragmatic examples
So Cool that i can implicated to my job in daily activities
Great introductory course for product management aspirants.
This was a really interesting course, simple but relevant.
Tq sir ..it was very useful and I learned a new lessons...
Great course. Looking forward to "testing" these concepts!
A great course on PM roles and tasks, a lot of ressources
Marvelous work Alex, Thanks for making this great course!
Very good course with comprehensive learning materials...
Very interesting course, I'd like how Alex explained it!
Excellent Course for Product Manager and Product Owners.
great lesson for experienced and junior product managers
Really great course with a lot of practical information.
great overview of the fundamentals of project management
Great Concepts and going deep into every minute details
Great tips and advice from very capable PMs and others.
A lot of great material packed into this short course.
Well detailed, structured and insightful. Thanks Alex!
Great course. Easy to follow packed with information.
This was very helpful course, I have learned so much.
Well laid out an informative course. Truly excellent!
It is a great course for some starting with products.
Lack of cases but a lot of useful theory, thank you!
It was a really cool course :) I enjoyed the format!
great teaching, wonderful course, great work done .
Great course. Love the instructor's teaching style.
It's good opportunity to us, thank you coursera â˜ºï¸
Awesome course! Looking forward to the next ones!
Brilliant, well structured, very helpful course.
Really great course with awesome practical tips!
Concepts are explained with real good examples.
Just amazing!I am impressed. Clever and useful.
This is simply a Great course. Thank you, Alex.
It was very helpful and practical! Thanks Alex
learnt a lot thankyou Coursera and Alex Cowan
Great learning experience with Ceritification
Great insight on Digital Product Management!
Well organized content and good explanation
Great material, pace and awesome professor!
Very completed, many information of value.
Excelent course and explanation from Alex!
Great introduction into Product Management
Very helpful course for product management
Great Course , Enjoyed all Aspects of it.
great course to learn product management
Wonderful course. Alex is just amazing !
Fantastic course content and instructor!
I had a geart experience in course era.
Thank you for the opportunity to study
It was an an amazing intuitive course.
Great Course and even great Tutor Alex
A lot useful and practical information
Awesome course, recommend to everyone!
Loved it all. Thank you so much Alex .
Excillent course very helpful for me
Excellent course to the fundamentals
Amazing Course! Highly Recommended!
All required knowledge is available
Very very useful course coursera
It was really a great experience
It is really helpful, Thank you!
Straight to the point. Excellent
very insightful and interesting
This cours is very interesting
Great Instructor and material.
This course was very helpful !
It was totally worth learning!
Best Course for PM in Coursera
Excellent and very practical!
Super applicable immediately.
Comprehensive and educational
very useful, well made course
Super useful and insightful!
It was really interesting!!!
Great material and examples
The Best Course !! Thank !!
It was an exemplary course
very structure and handson
Please, share the slides!
A very informative course
Very relatable content !
This lessons are amizing
Great Course, loved it!
Great for start! Thanks
great tools and tips
Best learning course
good course, thanks
This course is best
A good way to start
Amazing and simple
Really really good
Best ever! thanks!
great teacher....
Easy way to learn
For the beginners
The great course!
Very good cource
Awesome info
