It should be free
No one responds to the questions asked in the discussion forum
I had some knowledge of financial accounting prior to the course. By the end of week 4, I was so bored with this course that I ended up taking the quizzes without watching the videos. Professor Lynch is not the best presenter and I consider the Brussels sprout thing completely ridiculous. 2/5
Great curriculum, great instructor. Luann did a fantastic job and so did everyone involved in designing the curriculum. However, I have serious doubts on the credibility of the content team because there were glaring errors and/or incongruities in the slide handout downloads and the slides in the videos. Overall, I certainly feel that I've learnt a lot but there were moments when I was thoroughly confused owing to said errors/incongruities.
The information was good and explained in an easy to understand manner. I don't like that the only options to close out the course is to either unenroll or pay for the upgrade to take the graded quizzes. There should be a way to show that I completed auditing this course - even if just for my own information.
The class was very informative but as the weeks progressed I could have benefitted from more examples phrases in the way they were depicted on the exam. I knew the material but had a hard time transferring the knowledge to the verbiage in the test questions.
Excellent course, and I recommend it to everyone who works in accounting and finance.
Overall, the course was informative and helped sharpen my accounting skills. However, some of the videos were lengthy and unnecessary. Also, the estimated time of the videos was inaccurate for how long they actually were. Nevertheless, Financial Account Fundamentals was a good course.
A step-by-step course which is easy to follow and understand for one with no background on Accounting. Extremely useful for anyone who wish to pick up basic knowledge on Accounting. Lecturer is extremely engaging, and includes useful examples. Some minor mismatch info between the slides shown on videos and the ones in the handouts which can be spotted easily, but may be disruptive to learners who reviews handouts before watching videos.  Overall, a good online course.
Easy to understand and broken up in easily digestible content. The professor provides enough examples and exercise to grasp content.
Overall the course was great and I learned a lot. The Garden Spot case study helped me understand key concepts. And almost every video was practical in nature, which helped me practice and get better. But the lessons did not prepare us for the difficulty of the quizzes. The teacher eating vegetables and waving a smiley face did not help me prepare for the analytical nature of the quiz questions. And even though the teacher did not prepare us for the difficult quizzes, I learned a lot by simply doing the quizzes. Thank you.
Very comprehensive course, with much flexibility. Good teacher. Course was affordable. Course outline was clear and easily understood. Tests were very manageable. Love that there is the opportunity to do over a test and get a better  grade. Overall, it was a great experience and another achievement for me. My knowledge base in a subject that I love has being expanded and I am looking forward to apply this knowledge in a practical way.
I think Luann is a wonderful professor and goes over each topic in extreme depth and explains concepts very well! However I am a little bit of a slow learner and wish there was more extensive practices and opportunities for that. Overall though it's a great course for someone like me that had no experience with accounting! Highly Recommend!!!
Wonderful to get to know a topic I always dreaded.  One quick note note using split screen while the instructor is writing a notes/equations down w can also refer to the numbers/balance sheets/transactions she is referring to.Thanks and will look at another course to take before the summer begins!
It is very useful for beginners who probably may have come from other than business and accounting background like me. However, more lectures and time should have been allocated for the last sessions, where people like me (little knowledge) will get little trouble on it. overall it is very good.
The entire curriculum described for this course is perfect. The best part is, it has a lot of questions discussed, which for me puts it at the edge. Although  I wish that they could have generated a separate video to point out the differences, while writing journal entries, in different system.
Overall very helpful. Could have been a little more so when it came to understanding cash flows and how that related to the test questions / analyzing what is going on. But overall, I am very happy to have learned so much about JE's, Balance Sheets, Income Statements and accounting as a whole.
Its been a great exposure and experience. I have developed great learning skills from this course  and i would definitely give credit to Miss Luann J. Lynch for her great teaching skill she made things so simple and clear. THANK YOU COURSERA  for this great opportunity.
If you are looking to learn the very basics of accounting, this course is very good! However, I believe that it was missing to explain formulas and more detailed explanation on the managerial usage of the 3 statements.
course contain alot of inforamtion and made a refreshment of the principles of accounting and that is great thank u but the instructor is too professional and she just needs to make more fun to entertain the cousre
This is really good course which you can more clearly to know how is the basic accounting equation for those people want to learn accounting. Even you are familiar with it, this course is solid your knowledge.
Very insightful and useful for those wishing to have a quick Introduction to Financial Accounting. Lectures are pretty clear and the examples are very helpful. The case study also allows for more practice.
My first course! And many more to come. I would of preferred more reading material and more real life examples. I really enjoyed working through the TGS cases. I think more quizzes would be great though.
The only reason this is not a perfect rating, is based on the  duration of the course.  There is valuable knowledge and it is well taught. However, it seems rushed to meet the 5 week timeline.
Some transactions need more clarifications. Such as cash flow statement transaction was a little bit complicated to understand. But generally, this course is pretty good for beginners
This is very good course to learn some financial Accounting basics , I will recommend this course for who ever wanted to learn financial accounting
this is the best course to person who not know the basic of accounting and you will get the perfect level of financial accounting ! take it
it is a good course but if you are like me a novice in accounts then you will need lot of patience to go over the content
It is my first time enjoying Coursera courses .i really benefited a lot . and i will enjoy more courses in the future .
Good overview of the material. Some concepts felt a bit rushed. Tests could be a bit over specific.
explanation not so clear. some kind a principles have been told, but any examples. only words
A great course especially for people who have zero knowledge about accounting!
This is a great course to learn the fundamentals of financial accounting .
material was really good and quiz were awesomely difficult.
A great course to learn the fundamentals of accounting!
The indirect cash flow method was not explained well.
Excellent learning from coursera financial accounting
this is best for the basic learning of finance.
This course is a great intro to accounting.
it's very imteresting and i'm very happy
learn new skills and this good course
I wish i may take final test for free
Thank you so much for helping me...
It was good and easy to understand
good introduction to accounting
Very professional professor.
The course is intelligible.
amazing courses
Good teacher!
This course gives me a practical understanding of accounting principles and key financial statements, which is helpful for my work. Strongly recommend to my friends and colleagues
This instructor is absolutely amazing. She really assumes that you don't know anything about accounting and takes her time to give you a detailed explanation of everything. I have already taken several Intro to Financial Accounting courses online elsewhere and NONE of the instructors have done even half of the job that she does. She is well spoken, prepared, organized, and conversational in her explanations. It's like listening in on a conversation with an accountant who is really interested in her profession. She doesn't rush through the information which is huge for me. Paying for this particular course is a no brainer and a great investment. I really could not be more pleased.There are mini quizzes in her lectures that pop up to check your understanding. She doesn't just assume that you got it. She is going to check! Ha ha. Be prepared by listening. Loved it. This class truly stands out well above the rest. Her methods should be modeled for other courses.
I recommend this course to all beginners in understanding accounting , this course completely put you into your first step of the world of financial accounting , and professor luann is really amazing
One of the Best course on Financial Accounting. Gives end to end hands on experience of entire Accounting Cycle. Quizzes are really engaging and require hands on working in many cases.
If you don’t have any experience with accounting, this is a perfect course. My background is in engineering and this course helped me learn terms such as asset and liability. Professor Lynch explains each topic very clearly and it was a pleasure going through the material.
Definitely the best online course I have taken. You get to learn a lot from this short term course and feel confident and ready to move onto more advanced topics in accounting. Highly recommended!
Its what I was looking for in taking this course. Rigorous, yet most beneficial. Prof Lynn is an outstanding instructor; she explains things super well from the very basic principles.
I enjoy the subject matter, and Professor Luann and her team really brought it to life.  The tests were structured in such a way as to be instructive on areas where there was a lack of clarity as well.  Professor Luann made some excellent clarifications about GAAP and when income is realized (on delivery, as opposed to when the contract is signed).  I found her instruction style both absorbing and revealing of areas where more learning was needed.  However, she was never didactic.  It was a well-structured course that, once I picked it up, read in some ways like a good novel.  Thank you for sharpening my thought processes with a very practically useful course.
The professor does a great job of explaining everything and provides numerous examples to help you gain a better understanding of the material. I highly recommend this course for those that would like to learn about accounting. Some material in the class is challenging, but as I mentioned before, the professor provides you with plenty of examples to help you.
I strongly believe that Financial Accounting Fundamentals is well worth the time to learn the foundational elements needed for success in the business world. Additionally, the way the course was set up is easy to learn the topics and actually retain the knowledge!
The concepts learned during this course made possible for me to present the project financials in a better way to the director. This course should be a must for all of us in the project management.
It's one of the best online classes I ever take. Simple and complex at the same time, the professor is really cool. Vey recommended as an introduction on accounting.
In my opinion, this course is ideal for a beginning accountants or any specialist who would like to understand accounting basics.  I especially want to note the professional way the material explained and presented. Professor Luann succeded to run the course with the most accessible and understandable clarification. I also really liked the original terms associations. The material itself fully covers all the fundamental principles of accounting. A nice addition was a practical example where there was an opportunity to work with Excel. Despite the short time the course was designed for, the teacher introduced the practical part, which is a big advantage. The only thing that could be improved, in my opinion, is the content of the tests.  After studying lectures and practical materials, it is quite possible to solve tasks a little more complicated.  

In general, I want to thank Professor Luann and all involved in this course.
This course provides the basics of financial accounting--the accounting cycle framework and the details and implications of the three financial statements--balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flows--and their relationships with each other. It is taught clearly in short videos, each of which deals with a discrete concept. The professor has a nice sense of humor. Weekly quizzes can be taken numerous times and prepare the student well for the weekly exams. The lectures are the sole source of information (no textbook)--which is fine. The 5-week timeframe for the course makes this Coursera course very doable. It is empowering to understand accounting terminology and components, as well as to apply a method to sort through numbers published in annual reports.
This is an excellent introduction to accounting. Given the "easy is better" approach of modern accounting software, one may not be able to learn all these principles by pure experience. Even after six years experience in the weeds of accounting, this course has been educational for me. I have learned principles that I did not know before and have asked myself several times, "How did I get to where I am without knowing that? How much of the work I have done would have been easier if I had known that from day one? Why didn't I take Grandmother's advice to 'take an accounting course'?" In the spirit of true education, I have begun to see more clearly how much I do not know, and to understand more of what I should understand as an accountant.
The course facilitator made participation in this course a very enjoyable experience. Concepts were thoroughly and systematically explained, with enough opportunities to practice what was taught. The forums presented ample opportunity for discussion in case further inquiry had to be made about anything. I felt that the facilitator was focused and every second of the course was productive. I would gladly take another course offered by this facilitator. My expectations of the course were fully met, and I've gained confidence in the subject matter as I hoped to do.
This course is very helpful especially for beginners or students with limited accounting background. Professor Lynch is knowledgeable about the topics and explains thoroughly and directly the concepts that are vital to understand the course. It feels like a real classroom set-up and she makes learners feel at ease with accounting, being an objective and concrete course. I feel satisfied having refreshed my university accounting skills and I feel confident to move to more advanced accounting topics with a solid introductory course.
A thoughtful and essential course for navigating the initial phases of the accounting field! The course pleasantly introduces the accounting subject and then confidently guides students through accounting basics, foundational concepts, and even a little history. This course serves as a perfect beginning step for students interested in just learning the basics of accounting as well as experienced or professional individuals who desire a refresher in accounting fundamentals.
This class laid down the fundamentals of accounting very well. It began with recording a single journal entry, then following to prepare financial statements. The professor was enthusiast and fun such that she motivated me to go through course material without boredom. After this course, I feel more confident to read actual corporates financial statements in stock market, knowing what's goinig on behind the scenes and better understand the business.
This is the course that you need if you are serious about producing your financial statements and/or if you want to understand your accountant's work. The teacher is fantastic, the quizzes are challenging but have feedback  so that you can learn from your mistakes. I was going in circles watching videos online and through web searches. Be smart. Learn the proper way, at the university! Highly recommended for small business owners.
Wow! This is a really great course for us beginners. The instructor is clear and really drills in the foundation of accounting with tons of practice. She is funny and keeps my interest. Thank you University of Illinois for taking the time to create this course. It's so helpful as I try to make my career change.I am very thankful to Coursera for allowing me to audit this course before I make a commitment.
Thank you very much for such precise & to the point course. It helped me to fill the missing links with ease. I have been working in ERP space for few years. My work has been almost always on non-finance side. I always had a sense of 'incomplete understanding' on GL impact of various transactions. This course helped me to fill those missing links to good extent. Thanks again!
I think this is definitely a great accounting course to get a flavor of the subject matter. Instead of jumping directly into the numbers aspect, Luanne focuses on explaining the implications of the subject at hand first. This method is better for people who want to really understand the what the real world applications of terms like Balance sheet equations etc.
This course is  the most comprehensive and the best  practical course in getting stared with fundamental of financial accounting that I have even taken. After finishing the course I feel like I learn accounting skills which are very useful in my career and life. it is very well instructed by Dr. Lynch who is the instructor of the course.Thank you,Ramin Madani
At the start I thought it's not going to be a great course but I was wrong!


The professor is really good and the explanations along with the examples are great to understand the course.


Definitely a good course.




It is unimaginable to grasp accounting basics that easy , it is highly 
recommended for understanding financial accounting foundation.
An amazing course really. With no background in accounting whatsoever, I am far better off now with my startup and investing plans that I have for future. I can manage accounting for my startup and effectively read financial statements before investing. Thanks to Professor Luann and all the mentors that did a fantastic job putting the content together!
The content
of this course is comprehensive, clear and well-structured; therefore, I would
definitely recommend it to my colleagues. I would
rate the performance of Professor Luann J. Lynch as excellent; she has
definitely made me quite easy, a first approach to accounting.Thanks to
the University of Virginia and congratulations on this course.
The course was well set and well taught.  However, in the quiz section it'd be so helpful if you provided a short video on how to solve the questions.  That would be far more appreciated than asking us to watch a couple of videos again.  Conceptually,  this would be much better. Except for that - I enjoyed the course.  Thanks for the same.
The course is a very good overview of Financial accounting. The adjusting journal entries section was very helpful and worth reviewing. Would have liked a little more practice on the statement of cashflows, specifically classifying changes to accounts in the indirect method. But overall a great intro to financial accounting.
I am so so so happy and so satisfied that I joined this course, I recommend everyone especially who is new in this accounting field, the course and instructor of this course put a so smooth and strong base of the course that it makes it even more interesting and easy to learn accounts. I wish I could join this before......
This is the best Accounting course I have ever taken. Do not hesitate to enroll. You will learn everything  you need about financial accounting, financial statement analysis, a little bit of financial statement reporting and analysis. Prof. Lynch is really amazing in her teaching approach. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
I like the way this professor teaching.  It’s very interesting, useful, and easy to understand. I am a fan of her！  I am going to take another class from her- managerial accounting.  Hope she has more class beside these two.  I will probably to another search again after I finish the other class from her.
This is a wonderful course for all those people who are learning Accounting for the first time. Prof. Luann ensures that her students are kept engrossed throughout the course, despite Accounting being a rather monotonous task. She does so by subtly adding humour from time to time in her lectures.
Professor Lynch takes what can be an intimidating topic, financial accounting, and turns it into something approachable and actually enjoyable! My knowledge of accounting was broadened and solidified, and I feel empowered to take this knowledge into the business world. Thanks, Professor Lynch!
Very good course which is very well and clearly explained. The exercises, cases and quiz relates to practical situation that anyone case face/have as an entrepreneur/employee or investor. I highly recommend the course, many thanks to Mrs Lynch for making accounting an easy topic to digest.
This is a great course designed by Luann Lynch and the University of Virginia. The explainations given are clear and crisp, and I wish I could get more practice assignments. The only thing I would like to say that Week 3 and 4 are a little heavy, so DONT GIVE UP!! it will come to you :)
I was adventuring across the internet to learn accounting. Watching videos and reading articles improved my knowledge but not my overall understanding about accounting. Until i found this course which contributed a lot to fill the gap of my understanding of fundamentals of accounting.
Certainly a great refresher for reporting and fundamentals. Sometimes we get comfortable with software that is designed to generate the info we need and it was nice to look over a company sample and get back to the basics of JE's, reports, and more. Would recommend to all levels.
This Course is one of the best I have passed in coursera, lot of fun, enjoyable, and have a lot of learning material and practice examples, I totally recommend this course to any young professional who aims to either start up a business or to take up a managerial position.
The professor does a great job of explaining everything and provides numerous examples to help me gain a better understanding of the material. Thereby, I have mastered the knowledge from the course to advance to the goals that I have set . Thank you!
Yes, I feel that I accomplished most of my goals: to learn about financial statements and analyze it. But I still need to work and practice on some part of them. In the future, I hope to learn more about accounting and improve my skills with it.
I found this course very informative and a good refresher for anyone that completed accounting courses many years ago. The instructor does a great job explaining the material and I would expect any lessons taught by her to be as exceptional!
I really liked the Professor's teaching style..much better than the Professor I had for an accounting course in undergraduate days.  I will probably take the Managerial Accounting course to continue my learning experience in accounting.
I feel like I have mastered the basics because of the way in which the professor took the time to explain and the way in which the course was structured. I liked the exercises and the case study of TGS. I highly recommend this course.
Excellent course! Just take it, if you are looking for a fun learning accounting experience.No pre-requisites are assumed. The best asset of the course is the skill, knowledge and the enthusiasm of the instructor. Thank you so much.
A great course..Prof. lynch did more than a great job to present the material in a simple enjoyable way. I defiantly recommend more advanced accounting courses with Prof. Lynch such as the Method Case, that she uses in MBA classes
A very good introductory course that is not too heavy for a time commitment (2-3 hours a week) + has the practice tests that are available even if you are auditing the class, so you can get a sense if you understand the material.
So far i have just seen the course overview and it seems brilliant even for an individual who is going to learn accounts for the very first time. Looking forward to complete this amazing and exciting course.Regards,Aakash Gupta
I LOVE THIS COURSE - Accounting was always a challenge to me. This course helped me to fill up some of the blanks in my knowledge. The Professor uses simple language for a better understanding of this discipline. Great course!
first of all i'm grateful it really hit a spot on my carrier and my self.The process is excellent i loved the flow of the course it also gave me time for working and livingwithout interfering.i'm excited for my next course.
Great course, is focused on the necessary and relevant content, Linn is a great communicator so even if there are still some doubts I feel like I've learned a lot in a short period of time. Thank you all for opportunity
The course helped me understand how to look at a 10K or read the annual report from a company. It also helped me learn about markers to look for to find about the health of a company. The pace of the course was perfect.
The Financial Accounting Fundaments course was very informative and very useful for me to understand all the concepts related to Financial accounting including Income statement, balance sheet, cash flow statements etc.
Professor Lynch is one of the best teachers I have ever seen. This course is truly fascinating. I would never have thought that accounting could be that thrilling! Thank you very much for all the materials provided.
This is extremely helpful for people wanting to gain fundamental understanding of Financial Accounting. Professor Luann J. Lynch explains each and every aspect in detail. I highly recommend this course. Great Job!!
Outstanding course! Definitely worth the money. Taught me the accounting fundamentals that I hoped to learn. Really appreciated all the clear examples throughout the course. They really drilled in the information.
This course is an excellent opportunity to understand the fundamentals in a sorted and easy way. It has given a directional viewpoint to the thought process in practical  life. I recommend this course highly.
This is a great course for anyone wanting to understand the basics of finance, and who is from a non-finance background. The examples and case studies that have been included in the course are quite helpful.
Fantastic course to get you familiarized with the standard financial reports you should see in any company.  Very helpful and I'm already applying the leanings to drive even more value for my company today!
Professor Lynch teaches the core concepts of financial accounting in a very easy-to-understand way. I definitely recommend the course to students who want to learn the fundamentals of financial accounting!
It was a really nice course for learning the basics of Financial Accounting. Johanna explains really nicely all the terms with good examples and helps you understand what are the main points of financing.
Prof. Luann Lynch is perfect. We can learn accounting step by step and at the end of the course, the analysis skills of the financial report from this lesson are so useful. Thank you so much!
Just amazing! The lecturer is the best i have ever encountered in coursera! Thank you so much for making this enjoyable! Hoping to join all other courses in this specialization as well!!!
Excellent way of teaching by the professor.Excellent course . I learnt all the basic terminologies related to finance.Luyaan's pedagogy is classic and very explicable...thank you coursera
This is a great course with very helpful instruction. The course provides a lot of opportunities for hands-on work to apply the concepts and solidify one’s understanding of the topics.
it was really good step by step learning. being a business head i knew most of the things but this course really helped to brush up and refresh all what i knew in systematic manner.
Excellent course. Good content and easy to understand. You will have the opportunity to do accounting for a company during two periods and make the comparison. Very instructive.
This course is really helpful especially for those who are in the Accounting field. This will give more practical view on what we already know. Thank you for the Coursera Team.
Short and complete coverage on key aspects of financial statements. Excellent course. You would surprise how well you could understand financial statements after this course.
Really great course, has given me better & clear understanding in constructing all financial aspect of my business. Can't wait to apply for company profiling for investment.
Really enjoyed the course - was really dreading learning about accounting but the instructor was able to break it down and make it both fun and interesting for me to learn!
The lecturer is one of the best I have ever seen.  The load of the course is sufficient. It helped me in a lot of ways to take decisions in my career and higher studies.
This course was really helpful and learned financial statement journal entry income statement cash flow but i need more practice to learn the accounting on a proper way
Solid program at a good pace. I enjoyed the structure and presentation. Specifically for accounting, having a clean, white background helped to simplifiy the content.
I did many online courses ,but dis one made me ready for journal entry, income statement all sort , with lots of practice questions.I am very thankful to instructor .
Excellent teacher. Luann demystifies the daunting lines and numbers behind balance sheets, income statements, and statements of cash flow. Well-organized course!
I loved taking this course and I learned so much especially being someone who didn't know anything about accounting going into this. The instructor was great!
This course is perfect for those beginning to understand and finance accounting. The course is well constructed, and has plenty of support should you need it.
Prof. Lynch was very clear and I like her enthusiasm. The examples were useful and the quiz questions reinforced the lessons. I highly recommend this course.
This is a well structured course with easy to follow videos and practice quizzes! I recommend it to anyone who needs an introduction to financial accounting!
A great course for finance beginners or managers who didn't study finance before and in need to understanding financial statements and the accounting cycle
Thank you !!! I am very happy to have this opportunity, and learned about all financial implication and support to improve my knowledge and skill at work.
This course is interesting, it helps me to build me foundation in accounting. Luann J.Lynch gives explained very well. Thank you for your good examples.
Ms. Luaan Lynch was a very enthusiastic mentor and I was able to grasp the concepts in a very easy way. Thank you for making it so enjoyable and simpler
This course is for everyone who does not have any  prior knowledge in accounting and for everyone who would like check knowledge. Course is very clear .
Really helpful and informative introduction to the world of Finance. Thank you Luann for the clear and easy to learn instruction throughout the course.
This course is great. The professor explains things in an intuitive and clear way. The mentor in the discussion forum is also wonderful. Recommended!
She does a great job of breaking things down to make everything understandable, and then tying it all together to make the entire concept cohesive.
A superlative course! I wanted to understand the fundamentals of accounting, and, thanks to this course, I do now! Looking forward to what's next!
GREAT course....enjoyed the material even though it is not a easy subject for me to get quickly...I did receive tools that I can use in the future
Thanks to Miss Lynch, it is the best class I ever taken, it helped me solve many questions. Excellent classes, material and super well explained.
Great content, good pace, challenging quizzes. Coursera, I hoped I could have a 100% progress even without paying and taking the graded quizzes.
This course is great if you have no understanding of basic accounting or how to read a financial statement. It was fairly easy to follow along.
Thank you !! very much the course material was very helpful and professor Lynch was going step by step to make sure everything was fully clear
The course was very informative and the instructor made everything seem very easy. I was a stranger to the topic and had no trouble learning.
The teacher Luann is very clear, I loved the course. I would be helpful to do some exercises in class like the ones that come in the quizzes
This course was very informative and the instructor, Luann J. Lynch, is absolutely fantastic in her presentations and engaging personality.
a bit dry with some of the week 4/5 work, but Cash Flow statement creation is just that. Good tempo, excellent content on the fundamentals.
A lot of fun for beginners like me! I think I can create and manage a Garden Spot! Thank to Ms. Luann Lynch and the University of Virginia.
The UVA professor was very informative in a way that made the financial information relatable and easier to understand. Great experience.
extensive, and in simple language. The pace is also comfortable, and the tests are comprehensive and make you think and apply your mind.
Very well-organised course taught by very powerful lecturer. Lectures combined with tutorial course enable me to understand even better.
I found this course well-taught and thoughtful.   I think the course will help me better understand the finances of my medical practice.
Very interesting and helpful. Good course for beginners who want to learn some basic knowledge and concepts in accounting. Recommend it!
She did a very nice job in explaining the three financial statements. Now I have a better understanding of them. Thank you professor.
Love the teacher, so neat and clean, explain all concepts in a very easy and clean way to understand!  Excellent Teacher!  Loved it!
By this course no-one cheats me in accounting, I am on my own and do financing. Excellent course, I love the classes more and more.
I recommend this course to remember accounting issues again,
in general it is a good course I liked and I could learn new things.
This course is more difficult than I thought. Great introduction to accounting. Week 4 and 5 is extremely hard so pay attention.
This course has really helped my understand in simple terms something that had occurred to me as complex.  Excellent instructor.
With the help of Luann, anyone will be able to read any Income Statement and Identify the financial situation of a company.
From the class learning, I am sure to acheive my goal, but still need more practice and read more finical statement to must
The course is well structured. The example sessions on balance statments, income statments and cashflows are quite helpful.
Was very helpful in learning the Fundamentals of Accounting and helping my career position in Finance!  Thank you so much!
Excellent intro to financial statements.  The explanations are clear and you will start reviewing statements without fear.
I have learned a lot from these courses and many example are given to understand those concepts and rules. really helpful.
Enjoyed this type of education channel and very rewarding for me! The only thing is the Certificate is non-credit....
Best for beginners and those who know absolutely nothing about the world of finance like I did. Not now no more :)))
im very pleased to enroll and finish this course,its very useful for me to gain new challenge as financial analyst.
Easy to follow and understand. I have the feeling that each small detail is given. Thank you for this opportunity.
Excellent overview of the fundamental underpinnings of financial accounting. Clearly explained and well-taught.
One of the best courses available.Amazing teacher and the perfect way to start your accounting journeyThank you
Overall very good course. I knew practically nothing about accounting going in, an I feel like I learned a lot.
One of the best courses that I have ever taken. I learned a great deal about accounting. I highly recommend it.
Best accounting course I've ever taken out of what I saw in my college. I really recommend it to all beginners
This course is great! I learned a lot in accounting and how to read financial, cash flow statement. Recommend!
Well laid out with lots of practice activities and smooth progression up the ladder of intensity of concepts.
Its a good course to take in understanding the fundamentals and necessary skills about Financial Accounting.
A great, and informative intro to accounting! Luann was enjoyable to watch, and explained things thoroughly!
Thank you to everyone for their great effort. Thank you to Proveser Luan for a simple and smooth explanation
The course teaches you all it promises. Its explained so well everyone can learn its information. Good job.
It was an amazing course to start with as it includes and briefs about all the fundamentals of accounting!
It was a great course and I learned so much! The videos were very detailed and it was easy to take notes.
very satisfied, took me longer to understand then I expected but it worth it. Thank you much, Professor!
The professor is really excellent at explaining accounting concepts, and she's funny too in a nerdy way
Fantastic course, I learnt so much. Good for absolute beginners like me. Thanks prof! Really enjoyed it
Really good material and explanation of elaborate concepts. I liked Professor Lynch's way of teaching.
A very good course with good practice examples! I would say a must for beginners in accounting domain!
This course is an excellent overview of financial accounting that is taught in an easy-to-follow yet c
Great course, great pedagogic approach, challenging and interesting quizzes, well explained concepts.
Prof Luann is awesome! She explains everything so well. I can't wait to start another of her courses.
Great course. Luann Lynch is very good at explaining the basics of accounting in the simplest terms.
Very interesting and well explained course! Thanks a lot to the excellent teacher! (Patrice Durand)
The lecturer has a great experiences of how to illustrate those topics in financial accounting well
Luann is an amazing teacher! I couldn't imagine that it would actually be fun to learn accounting.
Important course to learn about accounting and analysis, I recommend it everyone want to learn it
Great course A+. Enjoyed each lesson and highly recommend to anyone. Luann is a great instructor.
Really enjoyed this course.  Highly recommend for a solid intro to financial accounting basics.
Perfect course, perfect professor. Very very very very pleased and learned a lot of new things.
I have no clue about financial accounting till date; this is THE best course for any beginners
Im really useful for every info i learned about this course and this course refshment my brain
Very Good course for beginners and for people who want to revisit basic accounting concepts.
Excellent course for beginners as well as professional to learn about accounting and finance
Very good teaching. All explanations are clear and good explanations and material are useful
it is really important to keep updated with the changes in the financial course life and I
Great learning style with a little flare! The Teacher is Wonderful and easy to understand!
I liked it very much because it was easy to follow and to understand. Clear and well done.
this is one of the best course i have eve done it  is going to hepl me a lot in my career
Very good course as an introduction to the subject! The professor Luann is vey engaging
I'm loving it. This course is very good and interesting and the tutor is really great.
Very Good Course For Non Finance Guys understanding financial accounting fundamentals
An amazing course with simple tutorials that promote great understanding of concepts.
The Instructor was very professional and easy to understand. My best regards to here
The material was enough to take one from basics to the advanced level of accounting.
It is an experience that I enjoyed and took alot of benefit from it. I am so happy.
Took more focus than I anticipated but well-worth it. Very happy about this course.
Excellent introduction to accounting taught by an outstanding professor. thank you!
Great lecturer I learned a lot specially on Cash Flow which I had difficultyThanks
great teaching facilities and great teaching ideas way of explanation just awesome
Easy to understand and good balance about the theoretical and the practice parts.
Great course learned a lot. Professor did a great job in explaining the concepts.
This courses is very important to me and i am so happy that i taken this course.
Excellent way to learn accounting basics, best practices, jargon, and standards
Course  is interesting and teaches with new technique by clearing the concepts.
This si fantastic course for someone who wants to learn finance and accounting.
Luann did a great job making this course practical, engaging, and informative.
The best course available to learn accounting basics. She is the best teacher.
Excellent class great professor, everything is precise and easy to understand
Good teaching.  Keeps it simple and walks through examples and technicalities
The course was very informative. For a beginner like me, it was a great help.
I love how the instructor taught these complicated concepts in a simple way.
Great course! Well explained and I great case that follows the whole course.
Great refresher on the basic accounting principles with plenty of examples!
A good course to get a basic overview of the Financial Accounting Process
A very good course and introduction to financial accounting fundamentals!
Highly recommended for every students intended to be accountan in future.
Very informative and teaching method made it very easy to grasp concepts
This was a very well planned out online class and I highly recommend it.
Great professor. She was clear and took her time to teach the concepts.
I m extremely grate full to Luann for teaching so well.regards.Sunita.
A must-do Course for every MBA Aspirant from Engineering background.
It was very useful course! Loved the syllabus. Well dode. Thank you!
You cannot ask for a better course to move into the finance world :)
it has been very useful to me thank you very much for your efforts .
Fantastic professor, the best i have come across. Thank you so much.
it's a very good class, have a lot of examples, easy to understand.
I really enjoyed this course and learned a lot- highly recommended!
Great intro class, good basis for collegiate classes in this field,
Very good course for learning accounting for non commerce graduate.
Enjoyed taking the course it really helps with the fundamentals !
Great course that has helped me overcome the fear of accounting.
Very good for basic knowledge about financial accounting. Thanks
Excellent Opportunity for advancing one's knowledge. Thank you.
Definitely this course one of the best courses I've ever taken.
Ms Luann Lynch is simply brilliant. The course is outstanding.
Very helpful beginner-friendly course! Would highly recommend.
I just started this course and so far it's an excellent course
Very nice course, I learned a lot and enjoyed online learning.
The lecture laid out information in easy to understand mode😍
It helps me to enhance the knowledge of financial accounting.
This instructor explains key concepts in a very helpful way.
Great course and Professor Lynch is a wonderful instructor.
I really like this course and the way the teacher teaches!
that course helps you to understand the basics of the GAAP
best course to understand basics of financial statements
Excellent introduction to accounting, especially USGAAP.
I love it!,  the lesson is simple and well explained.
Very Well done, with the right level of requrirements
Great overview and pacing for a fundamentals course.
Luann was great! Really learned a lot through this!
This was such a great course and a great professor!
I love this course he is so useful and very helpful
Hand down the best course I have taken on coursera!
Very well, congratulations for organization group!
This is an amazing accounting course for everyone.
Clear, with good examples worked in front of you.
the best financial accounting course on Coursera
Excellent course. Simple and easy to understand.
thank you for all this really it was so helpfull
It was a very informative and interesting course
Very simple math goes a long way in accounting!
Really clear explanation by Luann, nice course!
It's a great, understandable course. I love it!
very useful for accounting professionals. thank
A good understanding of Financial Accounting.
Excellent instructor. Straightforward course.
excellent instructor, very pleased, thank you
Very good course. Recommend it for beginners!
Concepts were very well and easily explained.
Thank you so much for teaching these course
Best course  to learn Financial Statements
Increase Accounting Fundamental Knowledge.
Excellent course! I strongly recommend it.
Very Beneficial. Thank you for the course.
I highly recommend this course to newbies.
Overall good but questions are repeatative
Very Helpful to learn Financial Accounting
Nice course by university of Virginia!!!!
Best accounting class I have found so far
its to good for basic accounting learning
The instruction/instructor is fantastic!
Awesome and amazing learning experience.
I enjoyed the course and learned a lot.
Luann is outstanding, what a teacher!!!
Fantastic course and wonderful teacher!
A  very good platform to improve skills
Outstanding teaching by Professor Lynch
very good fundamentals information ...
Wonderful course, wonderful teaching!
Great course I learned a lot from it.
madam explained the course very well
Love this course and the instructor!
So  helpful for enhance my knowledge
Excellent professors and materials.
Outstanding course and instructor.
very useful course thanks coursera
It was a great useful opportunity.
Great benefit for non Finance Pro.
Absolutely enjoyed this course!!!
it a good course to learn basics
This has been a significant help
Was Such a Great Course , Thanks
This was a great class overall!
Very nice learning experience!
Luann is the best teacher ever
Good teacher and isn't boring.
Amazing, thank you  very much.
Very precise and informative.
I'm proud for take the course
Great course .. Great teacher
Very cool course. Thank you.
Great and easy to understand
Clear, concise instruction.
Very good and benfit course
Great primer to Accounting!
Extremely clear and useful
very clear and practical!
it's very useful course
very clear explanation
Excellent and very fun
I highly recomended!!
Its very nice course.
Really amazing cource
Very vivid and useful
so useful and simple
It helps in future
Greate Courses.
learning season
This Great!! 😍
it was great .
Great!!!
