The course itself probably is good, although it wasn't interesting to me. I've asked to leave, to un-enroll from the course, but the Coursera system wasn't clear enough to show I was out from the course. Against my will, I was charged after the 7 days trial what upsets me a lot. The Coursera engine is not user-friendly at all.
Not aligned to PMI. Should be ideally directed towards helping prepare for recognized certifications like PMP, Prince2 etc.
Not recommended.
The course provides fundamentals as advertised, but the delivery was not impressive. For example the lecturer's speech interrupts, changing words and thought-flow. Examples given were not well thought-out, for example HR was said to be hard-set because it was "outsourced" which doesn't make sense. Another example would be where the lecturer said that "stand-up meetings" mean no body is allowed to sit down?! Generally, seems to me the course was filmed in a hurry and wasn't delivered good enough for a rating above the basic fundamental two stars.
I'm not satisfied by the videos specially Because question in the quize are different and videos were different
The Quizzes are written in a very tricky way. It's supposed to be a course for beginners.
didnt like the course material or the course delivery.
Very boring, useful, but hard to get through
This course shares a lot of valuable information but could use a good deal of refinement. I really would have liked to have seen downloadable PDFs with the diagrams representing different models so that I could easily go back and reference them without having to find the particular moment in a video where it was shown. I also wish the videos were designed with better instructional strategies--the best Coursera courses (like those from Northwestern's Kellog School of Management) introduce material, expand on it, and then summarize the most important parts in each video--this helps the learner  Here the learner is on their own. There's a lot of great information to pick up on, but some retooling from the UVA Darden School of Business would be greatly appreciated improvement.
helped me to get some basic knowledge on Project  Management process
For one's basic understanding this course is really fruitful. But this only provides a basic outline of what Project planning and management is all about. For better insights, it's expected that one needs to further look into deeper aspects of PM. And, the course says it's for 2 weeks but the content is very small, in fact, I could easily complete the whole thing in less than 5 days. But this course is highly recommended if you're new to the area, this just gives you the overall idea nothing in-depth, as the name suggests.
I gained a lot from this course, but perhaps not as much as expected even considering it is a fundamentals course. I had hoped to learn a bit more depth, rather than the few basic concepts actually covered. That being said, the instructor did mention at the very beginning which aspects would be skipped and which would be covered, and those covered were covered very well, with the possible caveat that the instructor tended to teach as standard methods that were her preference or background. Additional research on my own turned up a wider variety of PM techniques that were not even mentioned.Overall, worth taking, especially as a very basic introduction for those who (like me) had no previous PM experience.
Pros: 1. Good overview of techniques and methods, also agile methods, widely used in project management. 2. Week 4 is especially useful because of metrics like CPI, SPI and CSI. Thank you for this.Cons: 1. The multiple choice questions are written in a misleading and very tricky way. The course should transfer knowledge, not mislead the students.2. The course is defintely too fast for beginners. I could follow because I made the agile course at University of Alberta before taking this course. The Alberta course is much better than this course.3. The handouts are bad and you have to use your own literature to dig deeper.
I did learn the basics, but will need to go on and learn more in depth.  I'd also like to have more written materials to go with the videos. I know I can download the video transcript, but what I'd like is actual handouts that are organized. I am more of a written/visual learner and need to read to retain information.
Pros:Basics were explained well.A good kick start for beginners who are travelling towards learning Project planning and management.Cons:Wish we had assignments to practice MS Project to a certain extent.Some of the Quiz questions were confusing (Esp. the 3rd week quiz)
The speaker was very difficult to follow with dialogue flow, random pauses, and stumbling over words. The rate of the speaker's speech was also very fast. The material was very useful, and informative otherwise.
More graphics of the formulas in the video would be helpful and show the graphics longer on the screen and less of the speaker talking would be helpful as well.
A bit to theoretical for my taste. I was looking for a more hands on approach. Interesting course though and definitely not a waste of time.
It was ok but I feel like I need something better to asssit with smaller projects. it felt quite technical
A bit short and shallow. Focus is definitely on project planning and not so much on project management.
The course was perfect in terms of being so informative but it lacked interaction and workshops.
Exams are not very good - some ambiguous, misleading or wrong-data questions/answers.
I think this course fit with any one who is trying to start any new project
very eye opening. videos were very clear and the explanations were clear
I would have liked if there had been more practical exercises
Very good courses as a global view to projet management
hiits a useful course but its too basic.Thanks
Hopefully more examples in those videos :)
Its a very small and easy course
Decent but not very detailed
Course was very theoretical
A.pavithra
Helpful to understand basics, however, a focus on Microsoft Project may be too specific and slightly dated with all the new software available in 2020.
This was my first online course and I like it a lot. The course was well structured, well taught and covered relevant aspects of project planning and project management. It made me think about things I or our company is not doing (I'm not a project manager but impacted by it). And it gave me some tools to improve on individual and on company level. Everything was very practical and insightful. The cases helped as well and I liked the YouTube material. If there were topics that I would like to have had more information, then on Agile Project Management, as this becomes more and more important in my industry. And then it would have been helpful to get more insights on how to estimate time and especially budgets, knowing that this course is not about financial or ressource planning and understanding that these aspects vary from company to company and from project to project. Nevertheless it might have helped (me) but the course provided everything to figure it out anyway. Overall I can recommend this course for a solid base and inspiration in project planning and project management.
Great overview of the principles of Project Management! I was thinking about changing careers so this course did a good job in describing the fundamental concepts of project management. You can easily apply the concepts learned to any small/large projects that you want to work on. It is a very informative course and I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to learn about or get into Project Management. There was an emphasis on the planning & risk management phases. Also includes a few short introduction tutorials on how to use Excel & MS Project to develop and analyze schedules/graphs. I like to take notes during the videos instead of printing out the slides. I thought the content on the slides could have been organized better and for the instructor's explanations to be more in sync with what was being shown on the slides. I sometimes used Google to find more in-depth information or clarification of certain concepts.
As the name suggests, this course offers various tools and techniques for PM at an introductory level. While the content of the course was good, an area of improvement would be in the execution of the case studies. I believe that they really held the key for a complete understanding, by providing an opportunity (in a virtual setting) to assess when and how to apply these tools. Case studies were present in every section of the course and I tried to make the best of it. However, it was more like a 'comment' section, since our assessments were not appraise/evaluated. Or it would have been appreciated if a 'correct assessment' was provided (after submitting our answers of course). Hope the course is updated in this respect.
i like how the course covers metrics to track project tracking and how lecturer walks you over how to do plan projects in MS project. I feel like i can plan my projects better with the knowledge I've gained to create WBS. However, I do feel that at times the professor superficially covered subjects that i'd like her to delve more into. For example, dealing with complexities and ambiguity as a form of risk. The least she could have done is supplemented a useful article.  She also doesn't talk about PERT, but implies it in her risk variance lecture (e.g., in her Tornado Chart). I also noticed that she condenses the 5 PMBOK phases into 4 by amalgamating Monitoring and Control with Execution.
Good overview of the full cycle of project management.  the instructor was personable and presented professionally. The first two week's material was much easier to understand than the last. I felt the instructor went from beginner to intermediate, when the entire class should have been beginner . Students unfamiliar with project management terms and processes will have to view the lessons several times. While reading  all the recommended support materials is not necessary to pass the course, it is critical to really understand the concepts covered.
This is a great introductory course to project management. The material is delivered very well and the material well chosen.  The only negative I have is that some of the lectures are quite long, compared to other online courses I have done and I think would have benefited from some mini quizzes during the lectures to keep the student engaged and ensure that the material stuck.  In the past I have worked as a project manager on software projects and I wish I had taken this course before starting the job.  It would have helped a lot.
Often when you are employed as a PM you are under-resourced at many junctures. Certain valuable techniques fall by the wayside and can be long forgotten.  Especially in a high-paced environment such as Advertising and PR where aggressive delivery times are the norm.  After many years of working "In The Wild" and delivering over 300 digital projects with budgets from 30K to 500K, it was valuable and refreshing to revisit the basics.
The course was quite interesting and provided lots of literature sources for further reading. The instructor was lovely and pleasant-to-listen. The content was very easy to understand and pretty diverse. However, I was not satisfied with the fact this MOOC can be finished by passing 4 simple tests in order to achieve the grade. I definetely wanted to practice the knowledge deeper in the weeks' assignments.
It was a very informative course for me and in my opinion the Professor explained it in such a nice and simple way and made it much easier to understand. I would have loved it however if we could have had more direction on the software tools and how to use them as the directions provided don't really show you how to use these tools effectively. This would have made it an even greater experience.
Overlooking a couple of errant quiz questions, and assumed math approaches, this course provided ample and accurate information for individuals to strongly grasp the basics (and plenty of nuances) of Project Management. It is a motivator to continue deeper learning into the overall Industry, as well as into specialized elements of the Industry, and approach either path with confidence.
Good and interesting course on the basics of project management. Videos are very clear and the information is good accessable. It could be stuffed in 1 week but spread it out over 4 weeks is better to let it sink in. It may be interesting to add a quick overview of other management styles, for example, for projects with very high uncertainties and different types of business.
I found the tests to be quite challenging, which was good ultimately. I learned a lot about why certain projects I have managed in the past were successul and I learned ways to improve upon my project management skills. This course moved me from relying primarily on instincts in leadership to involving project management technical science/skill.
Relatively easy course, some parts were perhaps too generalized or simplistic to be applied in a real setting, while at other times the examples seemed highly convoluted. Nevertheless, I think it gave me some handy tools to work with, and if the day comes when I'm tasked with managing a major project, I think the material learned will be useful.
I would like to thanks my instructor Yeal Grushka of this course for helping us to understand all the fundamental concepts to plan and manage a project.By this course,the basic concepts of a project like risk analysis ,planning, finiding scopes etc have been cleared to us.   I hope this couse will help me in future to manage and plan a project.
Great overview of project management and easy to understand. Loved the case studies. There were certain areas that I thought needed to have more depth in and practice exercises such as Earned Value Management. I would have liked more resources to use on the job but I am sure I can find them in other places as well.
A very good insight into the basics of Project planning, easily executable strategy and MSprojects intro was eye-opener. Tried on one small project and was able to feel the difference before the course came to an end. Thankyou very much. Some more information and detailing required in project execution(week 4).
I liked the course but I think they could go deeper in some definitions, and exemplify them with more different cases, easier and more difficult. But in general is a good option to have the most important basis of the management. It let me the opportunity to know which topics I need to study by my own.
I think this course provides of the essential of project management with a good lecturer and cases that provide an actual vision of the issues that may face when you are in site.  This course will give the elemental tools to participate or collaborate in a new project management plan.
A nice introduction to the field of project management for anyone who expects to take on small and medium sized projects in their workplace. I felt that the professor was a bit too fast at times in pace and I couldn't keep up with her while taking notes - but that could just be me.
It is a very basic course and is very good for beginners who have no idea of Project management. The course structure was light and did not involve too much information which is good for newcomers. It motivated me to take on a few more advanced level courses in project management.
An overall excellent course.  4-stars are attributed purely because of the limitations of when a quiz can be re-sat (twice in 7 days).  This elongated the duration of the course.The material learnt within the course has been immediately applicable in my job - with success.
This course provided a very systematic approach to project management. It gave insight into some of the successful tools in project management. Cost control was also emphasized in a project. A variety of planning and scheduling skills were also discussed in this course.
The course provides a good introduction on project planning and management. The course was organized clearly but sometimes it was too mathematical. However, the teacher makes it very accessible for beginners in project management! I highly recommend this course.
This was easy to follow and the quiz were great review. I like the fact that along with the video, the script was included. It made it simple to review specific areas of interest. I feel more confident about the topic today and how the tools are applied.
I like the course but I have a problem:Within the task and figure that I passed but within the "Tasks " section no. And I passed the rest of the work and I still do not get the course certificate. What should I do? A lot of peoble have the same problem.
In the course “Fundamentals of Project Planning” I have learned the very detail of how to initiate, plan and execute a project. The course was very helpful to know about keeping tracks of project details. I hope it will help me in my upcoming career.
This course was really interesting, cool and informative. I feel like it put my natural thoughts and processes in the field into and organized and teachable manner. It is easy to get lost but one has to pay attention and focus. Thank you.
I had a really wonderful time learning. She gave examples that were easy to learn. Made the calculations not look as overwhelming as they normally would to me. I'm very happy with the ease of learning and how much knowledge I picked up
The course is very well designed and the instructor is very clear and engaging! Moreover, a lot of useful tools and techniques are shown during sessions. Case studies could be improved, starting from the quality of videos and contents.
Overall a good overview course. The course could have benefited from a wider variety of more complex examples. I was also disappointed that the instructor referred to all references to project managers as "him" or "he."
It is a very good and intensive course of project management. Some pieces of information have been provided little bit balled, which made me make mistakes in quizzes. However I enjoyed all the stuff. Thanks a lot!
Good course to know the fundamentals pf project planning and management. I would highly recommend it for starters. The instructor was easily able to explain the required tools and methodology with relative ease.
Excellent coaching by professor Yael Grushka Cockayne. Its explained in simple language that any one can easily understand. I happy with the way course moves and enjoying studying in my leisure time.Ashokkumar S
This is a good fundamental course for the engineers like me who did not have any experience in the project management. I wish the course could include more examples to help us to understand better. Many thanks!
Fantastic experience and learnt so many terminology, got an idea about project life cycle and working nature. Thanks Coursera!!Need more details of "Gannt Chart" in videos but I Love the way of tutorials.
A really good course. I especially like the practical supplementary lectures on MS Project and Excel. Would be better if the assessments took on more challenging formats than just multiple choice quizzes.
I feel like the course  should have been perhaps 1 week longer. For me being a novice, some of the  concepts could have used a bit more explaining and application practice. Overall, still a great course!
Really enjoyed this course. More opportunities to practice principles before taking the quiz or just in a way you can work through the formulas without it being part of the actual testing would be great.
Great course! For a know-nothing person like myself, this course has given me an opportunity to understand one of the most interesting and detailed-oriented subjects to learn. Definitely recommend!
It´s a short and interesting course, but some of the questions are ask before they are explain so you could get a little confuse. Also it could improve if they went deeper in agile methodology´s
Good introductory course. Transcripts could be curated a little bit, as well as lessons. Sometimes I had to go to external sources for clarification, but in overall is good starting material.
The course was a perfect introduction to the world of Project Management. I would recommend this course to everyone working in or around a project; it will benefit people from all sectors.
very good introduction, lot of concepts, lot of recommended tools... a bit more examples and practical work would give this course 5 stars, even if it takes more time to complete...
Great course, the only reason why I do not give it 5 starts is because in some quizzes you have to solve some things that are not explanied in the videos. Overall, a great course.
I like this course but I'd like to study more about the last part of project life cycle: close- out; because it could be usefull understand what we can do after " the excetution".
Great course even for a seasoned Project Manager. It was a nice reminder of old concepts. I also got to learn more about new ones.  Looking forward to more Coursera courses
This class was a good overview of the topic of project management with an entertaining and well spoken teacher. This videos and content were engaging but not over whelming.
Very good course in terms of contents, explanations and case studies. On the contrary the exams were too easy to pass: not a real verification of the students preparation
The course is well planned with very good backup of Videos. All videos are very informative, to the point and easy to understand. I rate this course 4 star. Thanks
Quick and concise.  Both a benefit and a boon.  There are some concepts that would be awesome to have additional reading resources on.  But, still a great course.
It's a really good course. Covered fundamental yet important concepts. It would have been even better if there would have been some assignments or simulations.
Content is really well tailored and the course is well spread over the 4 weeks. The material is good and the explanation is good.Tools provided do the job.
Great review of the "skillset" necessary to become interested and far more involved into business as a PM. Great work from the instructor!Congrats to you.
Yael is a great teacher, and the course is very useful and inspirational. Recommended for those who want to take the first step into project management.
A good introduction to project planning with some interesting informations about plan management, risk management and project management softwares.
This course has helped me gain extended knowledge of the project management realm. This course requires a lot of note taking. Extremely beneficial!
The end went a little too fast with the description of the different tools that can be used to deal with variation.  Overall, a great introduction.
The course was very informative and the delivery was good enough for every beginner to have a good grasp of what project management is all about.
would have liked a bit more thorough break down of calculating EVA and related data, how it all applies, why it's done the way it is, etc.
The module was really simple to understand , along with right examples and real life business scenarios could correlate effectively.
An informative and well-run course. I has never really thought about project management in such a concrete and analytical way.
A good overview of fundamental tools in project management. Contained some useful tools that can be deployed on any project.
Very resourceful and helpful course for the beginners. The material and presentation is really good. It could be fine tuned.
Great Course, It gives you a complete perspective of how can anyone plan and execute a project efficiently and effectively.
The course module was effective for me especially I loved the week 4 modules and I would like to thanks to my instructor..
As a certified PMP, this was an exceptional course to have some key aspects of Project Management refreshed and clarified.
Lectures for implementation of the software tools can be done in a more intricate manner but an awesome course overall.
A really great start to Project Management, with dedicated time to all of the key areas. I would definitely recommend.
The course is nicely designed, it's fundamental and touch bases important areas of project management, which helps one
Great way to learn about the fundamentals of project planning. The information is short and clear with good examples.
It is a good and well defined course for the beginners and the ones who are trying to get in to the project planning.
Very well structured, content well explained and extremely relevant for someone starting Project Management.
A very easy course covering the basis of the Project Planning. It was a nice introduction to the subject.
Great course. The instructor could improve on verbal delivery. But overall great job and great course.
Great learning experience. The course is informative and well organized. I wish there was a final exam
Thanks for this great course !!I am looking forward at having a more advanced one :-)Regards,Ludovic.
Easy to follow and to the point, would love to have a deeper view of it, speacially using MS Project
The course is very useful in the modern day Project Planning and Management knowledge and Skills
It’s an enlightening and interesting course, thank you Coursera for this wonderful opportunity.
Very well-structured and well-explained! I only wish there was a little more focus on Agile PM.
Easy to learn and understand. helps you review how you plan and achieve your goals in a project
Well simplified and organized course getting you familiar with planning concepts and practices.
I found the course very nice. Perhaps it would be yet better if the tests were more diverse.
Insightful and helpful. Looking forward to implement the utilisation in professional life.
Would like to have seen more real world examples in the lessons and not just in the cases.
Easy and covers the basics of project management. Good way to dip your toe in the water.
Course was well organized. Learn a lot of the basics of project management. Thanks.....
Great course - really interesting and a great introduction to project management.  :)
Very well introduced, enough details, and very clear, and excellent presentation.
Mentor was amazing. But it could have been great if the quiz was of 5 questions.
I'm unable to unenroll from the course, as i have no time to complete the course
Great Course, maybe you could have the sildes for download so you can study them
Instruction is very good .Explained each and every thing with realistic example
Good content and explanation yet wished if there were more intermediate levels.
The overall course is pretty good but a I think that more references are needed
Good course for anyone like to learn management of projects and how to start it
interesting course, not very deep but very good as a first step on the matter.
This course was very useful and I got  basic knowledge of project management.
Some key pont from the test are not that clear coming from de presentation.
I am just at the Beginning but the course seems so well done and engaging.
Very educational and helpful in the practise of construction management.
As first approach to Project Management is recommended. Very good course
It is a great option to learn the basic concepts of Project Management.
Interesting and important course, so useful and rich in info.Thank you,
Kindly include a provision to submit assignments on project management
Very good course, I learned many new things about project management.
Great course to learn the basics of project planning and management.
Very well structured and thorough. Great Examples and methodologies
Enjoyed taking this course because the explanations are simplified
I found the tools that introduced in this course are very helpful.
Exceptional course with the content being simple and effective.
Very Helpful and easy to understand for the beginner like me.
An excellent, streamlined introduction to project management.
It can be even more detailed & specific as per PMI standard.
This is a good introductory course to Project Management.
My great 1st experience with Coursera.  Recommended to my
This is helpful course for those who love to do project.
A good course on PM and the concepts were well presented
I found its contents to be very useful for my business.
Very engaging teacher, smart subject matter, well done
The material is easy to digest. Great for beginners.
Thank you the well explained and educational session
Very interesting course and imparted good knowledge
Very profound and competent. And very very serious.
Good course, i was able to relate this to my day
I would like to have some more practice examples
Very much intellectual, educative and effective.
Great courses, it's just a shame we have no PPT.
Great introductory course to project management
Great course and a passionate instructor too!
It was tough but learning outcomes are good.
It was nice learning through out the course
It has changed my life for the better. wow!
Material was useful and presenter was good
Course was very good start for a beginner
very good, extensive enough and engaging
Gives you the tools to project manage.
Good start in the PRJ Management world
Good course to understand the basics.
Very interesting and easy to follow.
Excellent course for the beginners.
thank you for helping me to be P.M
Very informative and well taught
I learn fundamentals of PP AND M
Great Teaching, well explained.
very interesting and practical
Slight nuances from PMI (PMP)
Evaluation tests are blocked.
Good and challenging quizes
much professional knowledge
Really great, learnt a lot
Great course  very helpful
It is easy to understand.
Very good course online
Very Good Course indeed
Wish it wasnt audited
I enjoy this course
that is good course
I rate it 4.5 stars
A great course!
Thank u
Essential material who is working on a project and wants to start their own project. This went way deeper than I expected and I'm grateful for learning all this material. Absolutely worth it.
This course is good to start with the basics of project planning and management. This will surely help in building the understanding regarding various terminologies of project management.
This course has exceeded my expectations. Prof Grushka-Cockayne does a phenomenal job in explaining the fundamentals of Project Planning and Management in a manner that makes it easy to follow and understand. With numerous examples along the way, she succeeds in reaching out to various levels of knowledge prior to taking this course. The usage of popular software tools within this framework is very helpful and helps to illustrate the technicalities that come along with planning and managing a project. Furthermore, this course gave me the confidence in actively participating in bigger future projects, working together with people with a more in-depth knowledge of project planning. Prof Grushka-Cockayne's effort in making this topic accessible to a bigger audience outside of university classrooms is greatly appreciated and I am grateful for the time and perfectionism she invested in creating this course. Courses like this enable people all over the world with limited access to academic institutions to further pursue knowledge acquisition even post graduation. Thank you.
First i was really nervous. Is it the right course for me as a Software Developer. Will i run into troubles while hearing english lessons and answer english questions. After the first week and the first test everything was lighten up. The videos support subtitles (i found them in week 3 :)) Test failing is allowed as long as you are in time.For the course content:It was enlighten for me because now i understand our PM and Stakeholders much better. Why they choose this way of communication, reporting method, company and team setup and so on. It helped me to understand how urgent it is for a PM to have estimations from the right person and the get feedback how you proceed. I learned to respect the work that a PM has to do before the task is given to the team ( Analysis of the marked, the customer need or competitors to the risk management)Thanks, this for weeks was a blast.
Engaging and informative. Time well spent! I recommend this course without hesitation to all those who wish to get into project management or who, like me, have been project managers without a specific formal training. I knew several project management tools from university (network planning, for instance) and this course was my chance to revise them, adding many intersting concepts on top. The teaching style is great. If you take the time to go back and watch the lectures more than once you'll find interesting information that you might have missed the first time and that will add much to your appreciation of the topic. In one word: great! I wish there were an advanced PM course by Yael Grushka-Cockayne. Her way to describe topics is really clear!
The course provided a good introductory lessons on project planning and management. The course was organized clearly with interesting exercises and the instructions were helpful.  Thank you very much.
This was an excellent course. Very enriching, captivating and full of value. The professor Mrs. Yael Grushka-Cockayne has a very engaging teaching style, I loved listening to her. Thanks professor!
Interesting course which covers all necessary topics in Project planning and management. The case study used in this course was very nice which helps even a beginner to understand the basics.
This is the first course I enrolled for and completed in Coursera. I loved it. After that I have been doing quite a few advance courses on project management and organizational leadership.
After completing this course, I could classify it as a must-have for those who must to perform management tasks or activities.

I would like to stand out the teaching quality, knowledge and expertise of the instructor (Yael Grushka-Cockayne), just like all the people behind like the Mentor in the Discussion Forum (Vijayakumar Menon N.). It's really remarkable their efforts to make easy all the matters dealt with clear examples and notes.

The contents are very update and they give some very interesting references to other examples and tools which could very useful to check for more detailed information.

It would be really interesting a second course about this subject, a bit more detailed and focused on the project execution with the use of specialized tools for that goal (JIRA, Redmine, Trac Project...).

To conclude, I recommend this course for those people who want to begin with project management activities or those who are working on these and they want to strengthen their skills and capabilities.
I am glad to complete this course, In fact, this is not my first MOOC on project management, but this is an outstanding course for me compared to others I've ever attended. Thank you so much Mrs.Yael Grushka-Cockayne, I loved the way you explain intuitively and concisely project management concepts, with much-needed great enthusiasm, non-verbal communications, including your professional facial expressions, emotions, pitch, and your tone-of-voice.To be honest, you deserve to be the best teacher of all time, and I think an advanced course on project management with you can make a huge impact in this domain, Keep up the good work.
It's a very good course, i highly recommended, i have learn about many things as we go wide not deep which is good as a beginner to view wide subjects in many field so that be able later on to choose an specify in one of them, the teaching technique is very simple and attractive also the quizzes were very helpful, and finally i suggest to let your students to make a real planning or part of it in the end of the course as a graduation project or assignment. anyway thank you a lot for your effort and help and thank you very much coursera for funding me and helping me to take this course *big heart*
I thank Prof. Yael Grushka-Cockayne for
the great work of preparing very comprehensible presentation and very well
structured. The sample case studies were very useful for applying and relating the
project management principles to practical situations within a project cycle. The
course has provided me with the terminologies and skills necessary to participate
more usefully when discussing issues on project management, and to plan and
manage projects with more competence. I enjoyed the learning and recommend the
course to any budding project planning and management manager.
For a short course, I learned a lot of PM best practices from this course. I really enjoyed learning about network diagrams, understanding critical paths, calculating total project durations and understanding the  the project performance metrics through earned value analysis. While I have been a PM at a small company, which is mainly an Agile shop, I found this coursework to provide a good understanding of project management principles in general. I recommend this course to beginners and intermediate PMs alike.
I really like this course. The teaching methodology was good and the quiz was pretty challenging to learn better.  The videos about software tools are very useful. Cant wait to implement them.
Pros: 1. Super challenging quiz. Many reviews are complaining that the quiz are tough and tricky. However it is possible to score full marks if you are willing to do some further studies via Google.2. Good and experienced instructor. Not a slide reading instructor. The instructor is using simple language and examples in the entire course. Nothing rocket science.3. Super challenging quiz (yes again). Some topics are covered in introduction only. You need to study more to score the quiz. For me this is good as it encourages us to dig more channels of learning knowledge. Not just by videos and materials provided by the instructor. For me this is the real education. They do not catch the fish for you, they teach you how to catch fish and they even teach you how to make your own fishnet instead of giving you one.Cons:1. Was expecting to cover more in week 3 and week 4. Especially on Agile, Scrum and Kanban. 2. No suggested answers provided for all assignments. Although participation is optional. So all the submitted answers might not might not correct. If answers were provided there might be more aggressive in the discussion forum.Overall it is a great course for those who have a little knowledge on project management. It is a little bit advance for people who have zero knowledge.
I thank University of Virginia (Darden School of Business) for offering its global learners an oppurtunity to learn & master new skills along with a chance to excel & change their career paths via trending courses acclaimed by global industries. Also, I personally like to thank our Instructor Mrs. Yael Grushka-Cockayne for her inspiring & captivating way of teaching the subject by designing & tailoring its course content in a interesting way using case study methodology in explaining essential topic realated to PMP. And at last but not the least I thank COURSERA for presenting a global platform and a critical bridge between Universities, Companies and global learners.Best RegardsMehraj Ali Mohammed
Before i embarked on this course i though project management was a peace of cake... Not that i am threatening people to go for it but giving it the respect it deserves. Projects are around us but how often do we put in efforts to have them planned and executed right. I am very please that the next time i encounter a project whether small or big, Simple or Complex, i will give it my whole and utilize all the tools i have learnt through this course. Definitely i would not have done this without the tutorship of Yael Grushka-CockayneAssociate Professor of Business Administration
Darden School of Business
University of Virginiathanks a lot Yael.Regards,Martin K Musozi (Uganda)
I really enjoyed this course! As a biologist I planned and managed some small research projects for MSc students without any knowledge of how to do it. Fortunately all projects were successful so I thought it would interesting to learn a little more about project planning and management of bigger projects, as I am considering a career change and making part of a project management team is on the table. I learnt some very interesting things, and as my boyfriend is involved in a software development project that is not doing as well as expected I was able to identify what went wrong on planning. :)
Thanks to the whole team who prepared this course and especially to Yael for her professional and vivid presentations and explanations. The course covers basic issues which lie in the basis of any project, and it is done in a simple and well-structured manner. After this course you will have a clear picture of how to start planning your project, how to identify critical tasks, what risks are likely to happen and how to minimize them. This helps to structure all your thoughts and ideas together and start working on your project right away.
A great entry level course into the world of Project Management. Was a great tool to offer extended awareness into this professional domain and serves as great building blocks if one should chose to specialize in this field. Thank you University of Virginia! I personally took this course to expand my knowledge on a business component to further compliment my degree in finance. And I'm quite glad I chose to do so because I really did enjoy learning something new and being able to grow both personally and professionally.
This course is in my opinion an extremely good starting point to approach project management both for professional or simply curiousIt is dense enough to give a complete picture of matter on one hand, and  require a limited time effort on the oder.The speacking is so clear, pronunciation lively, never boring  or soporific.Quizzes are affordable, however not banalI recomend this course to evrybody, even for just general skillI thank you so much Yael Grushka-Cockayne and hope to encounter her again in other course
Fantastic course, with great videos and materials. Yael is great at communicating the fundamentals via her videos, supplemental materials & case studies (really good examples of theory in practice). Great for anyone wanting to refresh/solidify their fundamentals in Project Management (for those already with work experience), as well as beginners who are interested in getting a solid foundation. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in understanding the Fundamentals of Project Management.
This course has been a great learning experience for me. I have been able to understand Project Management concepts thoroughly. Many concepts were new to me since before taking this course my knowledge was limited to Agile which is just one aspect of project management. I would highly recommend this class to someone who is developing a career path in project management. Thank you Prof. Yael Grushka-Cockayne for explaining the concepts in a most simplistic format with real life examples.
The scope of the course was very clear and Yael Grushka-Cockayne is sure of what is required for execution of a project from concept to project.  It's been a great course and learnt much about Project management tools as well.  I'm working in a Product Development company and I shall recommend this for managers who wanted to gain knowledge about product planning, risk management and project execution.  A great thanks to Professor Yael Grushka-Cockayne for making this course.
The course is well structured, simplified and is very much to the points. The topics are clearly explained and one can gain lot of insights on project planning. The earned value analysis is very well explained. The tutorials shared on microsoft professional usage for project management is very useful. The quiz questions summarizes the complete learning, its nice way of revisiting the learning. Its agreat course to gain a lot of  for Project planning and manamgent
I have been involved in planning and managing community projects traditionally with my own ingenuity. The course set the pace for my professionalization. I discovered why I made some catastrophic mistakes. I also discover names to some of the things I use to do but could not scripted. I master the Language of project planning and Management. I am really empowered by the this course. The Course instructor is very experience and teaches very well.Thanks you all
It was a more than sufficient course with handsome information about Project Planning and management especially for beginners in the field. the tests were really exciting to go thorough and providing the slides to save for future revision was a generous step from Virginia University. Can not say much about Mrs. Yael, she is tremendous and knows how to deliver the information in fast and best way. I will miss her. many thanks  to her and to Virginia Univeris
A great teacher inspires. And this is what I see here. I have fallen in love with this subject. The expression, way of speech of the Professor are amazing. Lectures proceed followed by an example that clarifies the concept very clearly. It's so interestingly taught that one just loves each and every lecture. Thank you so much Prof. Yael Grushka-Cockayne, University of Virginia and Coursera. I hope to see more and more courses from this Professor :)
Incredibly helpful introduction to project management. This course has given me a good number of easy to apply and useful tools, strategies and pin pointers of what to look out for throughout a projects life. I feel it has really helped organize my thoughts when thinking of a project and understanding how to best work through it. Also I feel I now have the basic tools, knowledge and confidence to embark on a project managing adventure myself.
Professor Yael Grushka-Cockayne did an excellent job of presenting the information in a clear and engaging way.  The progression of the course work she laid out was very helpful, especially for those of us new to course work in PM methodologies.  Very few people can be dynamic enough speaking alone to a camera to keep the audience interested, but the professor did a nice job of staying animated and conveying passion about her subject matter.
I found the course suprisingly helpful, to be honest. I didn't expect to learn that much, since I already took a project management at a local university - but this course actually covered things, like mathematical risk analysis, which my university didn't. Also, the presentation of the material is much less boring than I remember my tutors. You could say there is a slight difference between a tutor of a top university and some local guy ;-)
I like this course very much and i gain much new plus point in that course  like Microsoft Project about scope,budget,risk management cost analysis and time relation and dependance and network diagram and other much more  in this course .so like to thank all staff of coursera for help me with like this and also i like to ask coursera to add civil engineering coursera like Quantity Surveying and Primavera P6 and Autocad in the cousera.thank
Great course that covers all the fundamentals of project planning and management .. including risk management, earned value, Agile-Scrum and different methodologies to manage the project during its life cycle. Great knowledge from the instructor Yael Grushka-Cockayne.,she is fantastic, Really well- versed in the topics presented. Also the readings and exercises are appropriate to use the knowledge presented during the course. Thank you !!
On the point. It was a great way to start understanding project management applying basic and specific concepts and tools to our work and everyday life. This course taught me how to modify and evaluate the projects we have in order to reach a successful product/goal in a desirable time with an specific budget. I am seriously considering to pursue an MBA or MHA and this course increased my reassurance to go through that path. Thank you!!
An excellent course with a clear and concise overview of project management. The instructor was extremely knowledgeable and a captivating speaker and the structure of the course was perfect. A++ . The only suggested improvement is, for someone like me that's absorbs concepts much better visually, sometimes the slides with diagrams weren't left up to display long enough to follow, understand, and absorb them. Overall a fantastic course
I enrolled for the course with some hesitance as I had done another MOOC on project planning and management and by the end the course it looked like rocket science. This time, I admit I have learned. I now know the fundamentals which to me a a good foundation and I have acquired valuable skills. The facilitator was an excellent communicator and the content very good. I actually feel I can now apply what I have learned with confidence.
Course was well planned, well organized and well delivered. The course helped me in familiarizing myself with Project Planning and Management, and in this regard adding to my skills for future endeavours. I myself found it helpful to further implement my skills and familiarize in this regard with the field work and office environment and engineering projects ultimately. The instructor presented the content perfectly and well paced.
Thankyou for this course on Fundamentals of Project Planning and Management. It was fun managing various events in college, beut never knew these factors played an important role in management of the same. My love for this subject made me take up this course and the lecture presented by the Instructor gave me enough knowledge about the topic. It was s good learning experience and looking forward for more course like this.
The course is very well-structured and students get to learn in a step by step basis. Lecturer is very precise and clear in her description and teaching of the principles. Although there is little feedback from the quizzes, the forums serve as a complementary platform to ask for clarifications and explanations from fellow coursemates. Discussions with coursemates on the forum serve to answer doubts on the course content.
After pushing through the PMP prep and subsequent certification exam (passed), I knew I had a general idea of project management, but not specific enough to deploy.  This course is smack on for understanding what project management is all about versus blindly following rules that were short on clarity and long on demand.  Excellent, pushing it into our learning bank for upcoming managers in all parts of the company.
This course has exposed me to the modern rudiments of project management. The course instructor explained all the theories with simple language and made understanding easy for all. I am confident the the skills and expertise gained from attending this course will give me a competitive career advantage and set me apart from my colleagues. Thank you Coursera, thank you University of Virginia for this course.
For the first time i took the course here, to be honest for me it was a little exam, i was thinking hmm, Could i do that???  This is a new field for me.  Result: Yes, i did it!:-)Now, i like online way of learning! First of All i want to thank the University of Virginia and the lecturer Mrs. Yael Grushka-Cockayne and of course to you Coursera team and Leader! Good Luck guys!Thank you again!!!Fidan Badalova
I am so grateful for having been part of the class. The teacher is knowledgeable and audible enough, she gives relevant examples where necessary. The course has elucidated and empowered me with the project planning and management skills and techniques I didn't previously have.I emphasize whoever  has not yet enrolled to join as soon as possible before it is too late.Regards,Micheal, Jeonju-S.Korea
Thank you very much for offering us this course. I was very excited about the topic of this course in turned out to be more curious about Project Management after I finished this course. as a beginner, I feel helped  a lot by this course because it delivered simply and easy to understand. the quizzes also allowed me to scale my knowledge about the course. overall a very great course for beginners.
The course content is very good for a student to gain the knowledge about the basics of Project planning and management. This course will provide you with an insight details about how a project goes, how it should be planned and controlled and monitored as per the planning. To become a future manager you should have the basics knowledge about planning and this course will do the same for you.
Great. I really appreciate all your efforts in this course. As an Engineering student, Lot of skills that I have never  I have learned or discovered before.  Most importantly I think this course has consisted of all of the necessary materials what a project manager has to be followed up. Moreover, the workload and the teaching style is very friendly and appreciable. Again I convey my thanks.
This course is truly very creative, helpful, and knowledgeable. Thanks to Coursera Team to have a such a wonderful course on their portfolio .  Special thanks to Yael Grushka-Cockayne she is too good. Her teaching technique and style is very good. I must recommend this course to those who want to polish their management skills and knowledge in term of how to plan and start a new project.
Very comperhensive introductory course, unlike any I have taken on this subject. The course does not focus on specifically preparing you for taking any certification exam in PM but provides an insight on how managing projects really functions and real life cases are explained. I prefer this type of course and am really sorry there are not more courses on this topic from this instructor.
It was really a nice experience learning the fundamentals of Project Management. An eyeopener to the all the experienced workforce. The Course is really well designed including the content, pedagogy, Quizzes, Evaluation criteria and the assignments. At the end of the week, it will make sure you are well equipped the fundamental tools and try implementing them in the practical scenarios.
I didn't pay for the certificate, and I just watched the videos and took the quizzes without certification. I wanted to get exposure to project management.  The class was well taught, gave a lot of information in short video segments. Great outside examples to illustrate the concepts covered. Great value and awesome for the Darden to provide this class (especially since it was free!).
The course provided a strong foundation related to project management, notions of how to manage risks, defining scope, planning, monitoring, etc.  The extra materials related to MS Project were incredibly helpful, as the study cases, which provided us a real perception of the application of the method. At the end we could have a better understanding about Agile and its derivations.
Before enrolling in this course I had zero knowledge of Project planning and management but this course broke everything down bit by bit, helping me to understand everything step needed in planning a project professionally and proper execution. I will say big thank you to the course instructor and the University of Virginia. This course is worth every single time spent on it
The course fully met my expectations.It gives an excellent overview of the fundamentals and the main concepts of the Project Management.It is well structured so I found it quite useful and it motivated me to keep upgrading my knowledge in Project Management.The professor is great,she is really trying to explain each topic as clearly as possible.Great job,thank you.
Very interesting course, the teacher, Mrs. Yael Grushka-Cockayne, is very clear and it's pleasant to hear her explanations. I appreciate the course very much for its setting because you can acquire concepts even better through exercises, suggested tools and quizzes! I wanted to start learning this topic and I found a great way to do it through this course!
I really enjoyed this course. I have learnt so much in such a short period. The content was excellent. It had the right balance of providing knowledge and understanding of project planning and management without being overwhelming. I appreciated the examples used to convey the various topics and the demonstrations in MS Projects and Excel. Awesome course!
Very well articulated concept around Project planning and management. The Instructor has done very good job with entire presentation and contents. I highly recommend each individuals pursuing training around Project management should go through this learning certification by Coursera in collaboration with University of Virginia Darden School of Business.
The Project content and the explanation of the concept is very clear. I shall implement the tools I have learned during the course immediately with all my ongoing projects. I wish to continue the learning of project management in advanced courses from Yael Grushka-Cockayne!!. I Looking forward to continue the learning with the group in the forum .
Yael Grushka-Cockayne is an amazing teacher, it's such a shame that there is only one course leaded by her on Coursera. I enjoyed the course, even if it took me several enrollments to finish it. All the material is well structured and the tests are developed in a manner of making people think and not only tag the answers from the lecture material.
For a fundamentals course, I felt like I walked away with a significant amount of knowledge and developed a confidence in being able to talk about the basics of project management. I would highly recommend this course to anyone that has at least a little bit of an understanding but even if you don't this would be a great place to get started!
Even with the experience of handling projects, getting introduced to project management, the concepts, methodologies and tools, through this course will certainly be beneficial. I look forward to applying what I have learned to my work, and getting the promotion I've been aiming for. Thanks to Coursera, UVA-Darden, and to Prof. Yael!
KUDOS! First of all. I wasn't thinking that this training going to be so useful and would make much impact as the course named with "Fundamentals". This is "Fundamentals" but it covers months study material from some of the universities. I learnt so ... much. Every word is value, Yael Grushka-Cockayne is excellent! Thank you so much!
I very much enjoyed the seminar and learned a lot.
It was well organized, engaging and had good content this training was well
laid out and presented clearly. The Material was engaging, the instructor was knowledgeable
and personable. Fun and engaging introduction into the most valuable project
management concepts. Well done!
This course is really good structured, and the knowledge is well
portioned in chunks, so I never felt stressed, that it will be to much. The
examination after every week helped me to focus on every week’s amount of knowledge.
I appreciated much the many references to the most recent studies and business
examples provided.
This is my first course completed on Coursera web. I must say that it gave me a lot of very interesting information, the assessments were not easy to pass, videos were prepared very carefully (subtitles is a perfect idea!!) and - finalizing the course by own project is nice way to implement the knowledge into the practice
This was a wonderful course!  Prior to taking it, I had no idea how much project planning and management entailed.  Additionally, I wasn't aware of the plethora of programs currently on the market that helps one facilitate the process of planning and managing a project.   I found this course very insightful!  Thank you!
It was very great experience with course and tutor. I'm an engineering student who wants to career in the management field. At start, I didn't had any idea about sales, management, risks and everything. But now , I have the  basic knowledge about management . The assignments were quite tough but useful. Amazing course!
I've been longing for a teacher who actually wanted to teach, and Yael is definitely the one.The course was easy, to-the-point & most of all UPDATED. These competencies are not easy to in regular university courses since they mostly focus on following 20-40 years old Textbooks.Loved it.Hope to Lear more in the Future.
First of all, i want to thank the whole management of this course. it is a good start to provide a online certificate for those who could not come to USA. This course provide me a lot of knowledge about project management and i hope this knowledge will provide me more opportunities in coming days.thanks once again.
This was a great course and very informative at that. I have been working on projects for years and have had my own inklings about how to execute projects alongside a few tools I had developed along the way but this course had the same tools and a few more I hadn't thought of before so I can greatly appreciate it.
Comprehensive learning path through the fundamentals of Project Planning and Management with a well prepared digital didactic concept. More to come by digging into special topics having now a good overview about what is important. Thanks for the opportunity and for having me. Best regards and all the best, Markus
Really wish I would have taken this course earlier in my current role.  I found it very helpful in learning how to approach a project.  I've led several projects with informal timelines and notes kept in excel. I found the method of breaking down each task and dependency very helpful and can apply it to my job.
It has been a great journey of learning with Professor Yael Grushka-Cockayne. Within short time I have learnt a lot of useful things which I couldn't find anywhere else and not in depth. I'm very grateful to University Of Virginia for offering this course. A big thanks to Coursera team for hosting this course.
I really enjoyed the course and it opened on all aspects of Projects Planning and Management. The Instructor Yael is really good and knows her stuff. She was very eloquent providing examples and scenarios to better understand concepts. The course layout was followed through clearly and i basically enjoyed it.
I would give this course of 5 star because - the course was well thought of and was very wisely divided into small learning parts that actually helped me in grasping the matter in a through manner - in each video the concept was elaborately taught with examples - the course material was of very good quality
I love the way the class was organized from initiation to project execution and closing. I think the class would be better if the reason behind the correct quiz answers was given, for me this help me understand how to reason and be in the proper mindset when choosing and answer. Overall, great class and tea
This course was the absolute best one i have done on coursera. It was clear and concise. The examinations were very well structured. The entire course was taught in a brilliant and easily understandable way. I recommend this to anyone interested in Project Management. It was a great introductory course.
Excellent Foundational Course to Project Managment and Planning.  Prof Grushka-Cockayne knows her subject material and the information introduced is an excellent first course in this highly in-demand skill.   Supplemental materials on powerful features on MS Project are well presented and integrated.
Perfect Course if you are looking to dig in to the basics of project planning. I followed the course closely and complemented the information with the PMBOK. If your are looking to just see the surface of project planning and management this course is a quick and efficient way to achieve this goal.
This is the best online course. I want to pursue my Masters in Construction Management and this course has helped me to get an idea of how its to manage stuffs around the globe. I would like to thank Coursera  for such a beautiful course. Its worth spending time for this course. Just go for it.
Takes you by the hand through project planning and management. The exercises and case studies (although supplemental) are a big help to grasp the content. The professor speaks in a very nice and calm way, making it possible to understand the material, even after a long day of hard work.
It is a very handy course that introduces you into the project management world. In my case I had no previous knowledge on the topic and I learnt to distinguish the different phases of project development and the important things to take into cosideration when stepping into this career
I am a 10-year professional. Although I have experience working on projects, my skills have all come from "common sense" or "learning on the job". I recommend this class for anyone who wants to go back to the basics and learn the fundamental concepts of a project in a structured way.
i found this course rich of information and a good intry to th project management field. the different videos and lecture are in a high quality content. i recommand every one want to begin his career or any one want to gain more aspects and practices in the project management field.
This course is a great introduction of project planning and management. The instruction is very clear, simple and straight forward. It brings forward many real-life examples to help with learning and see how valuable this type of skill and course can be for future project managers.
This course was remarkably beneficial to me. I have not had any experience in auxiliary management Softwares like MS project. Still, considering the knowledge that I have now about the fundamentals of project planning, I can start using the software to my benefit—much appreciated.
This course is superb! I'm still wondering how to evaluate the project, is it good? Is it bad? After I took this course, i've better known about the index to judge. I think this course is very useful for every project manager and everyone who related about the project management.
I liked this course a lot! I definitely feel like I got a good understanding of the basics of project management and this feels like a solid foundation to even start implementing now while I also continue to learn more about project management in higher level, in-depth courses.
I loved taking this class! It really helped me understand and exercise the core components of project management. The lectures, case studies, and quizzes were practical and thought-provoking as well! I feel ready to take what I learned from this course and apply it to my work.
Twas a fantastic educative moment spending it here learning the fundamental principles in project management. I really enjoyed the course and my appreciation goes to the instructor and the entire Darden business school, University of Virginia for the opportunity. God bless.
I loved this course! It was super easy to follow and understand with absolutely no experience in management since I'm still only a freshman. I was motivated all throughout the lectures and was able to finish all four weeks worth of work in two days! Thank you so much!
Properly divided the entire course into 4 parts & very well explained in detail with precision. The trainer has excellent communication skills & explains each & every topic with ease & in a simple way due to which anybody can understand. 10/10 points for the trainer.
A solid introduction of the fundamentals.  Is not useful for learning a specific software; rather it introduces you to think about project planning and management and provides you with the required vocabulary.  An excellent start to learning about project management.
I think this is one of the most outstanding online course I ever studied! and that is because of the well organized and simplicity of the lessons, as well as the typical examples the lecturer used to explain in the critical path method and the earned value analysis.
This is an great course for to learn project Planning and Managment, the most important fact of the course is that it explain the concept with the practical examples which helps to understand the concept practically and you can straight away use it in your project.
I would like to have the charts/ graphs/ and other tools used for project planning broken down more. They were difficult at times to understand. If I was allowed to write this course. I would add a week just to go over this. Otherwise this was an excellent course.
This course was amazing .. From a month If someone told me that i would have that great insight into project management in just 3 or 4 weeks time , I wouldn't have believed them .. But believe me .. You would get great insight and solid understanding of the field
Thank you for this great course! Was not an easy one but I did not expect it to be either. :) I learned a lot. I love the structure and the different materials too. And the certificate is on a reasonable price. Best regards, Krisztina from GE (Budapest Hungary)
Like the concise format of the course. It helps me to look the project from different prospective and I tried to use it practically to plan my project during this course. I recommend this course to anyone who wants fair amount of knowledge in very limited time.
A fantastic course: clear and simplistic yet rich in content. I have learnt a lot and I highly recommended it to anyone who wants to grab a solid foundation in Project Management and in particular planning and risk management. Thank you Darden Business School!
A pragmatic and foundational course. Stay with it!  The course becomes more pragmatic as you near the last week. The examples provided help you apply the tools and frameworks.  Worthwhile, even for someone working at and executive level for more than 20 years.
Yael is enthusiastic and informative about the basics of project management. I found the supplemental case studies to be extremely beneficial. I recommend definitions/main points of important terminology to be emphasized in greater detail within presentation.
Taking this course was an amazing experience, not only it gives the essential elements for project planning and management, it makes it in a way that is entertaining and interesting. Thank you so much Yael and the University of Virginia for this course.
I had handled hundreds of small-scale projects and never knew some important and simple information this course provides.  I HIGHLY recommend taking it to anyone working, or wanting to work, on projects of any size.  Well worth time and modest effort.
I found the instructor engaging and the examples carried throughout the course assisted in retaining the information as I was learning.  Having that consistency and each week expanding knowledge while following the same project was extremely helpful.
Yael Grushka-Cockayne was very straightforward in her lectures and used sensible visual aids for each topic. Her teaching have given me the confidence/tools I need to move into an assistant project manager role at my current employer. Thank you Yael!
I learned so much during the training. The discussion board is very helpful. There maybe some things that I had difficulty understanding but I was able to clarify these by going through the lesson again and by reading through the discussion board.
As a university student, I think these informations are so important for my future career life. Education was good, slides were good and our instructor was so good especially. although English is my second language, I understood easily. Good work.
Highly recommended for people who would like to have fundamental knowledge in project management as well as those who are going to pursue project management certification or experience. Thank you for the course. I enjoyed it. Worth of money spent.
I really enjoyed the way the lecturers were delivered with actual case studies to look at and compare. I would wish for a longer course to help me understand further the work Breakdown structure and using the software to prepare for your project.
This course was very interesting, it packed in a lot of information into easy to digest lectures.  It utilized relevant examples and cases to reflect our learning on.  I feel I learned a lot from this course and would recommend it to a colleague!
The course was well taught and the subject were presented in a plain, understandable way. The four weeks of the course were a nice introduction to PM basic technique. It would be nice if this course could be part of a much deeper specialization.
Outstanding course. The instructor looks very experienced and the examples she demonstrated were very good. She explained each concept in detail which a person can use in his/her project. I will definitely refer my friends to take this course.
It is a really interesting and well explained course. Congratulation to the professor Yael Grushka-Cockayne. Her passion goes thorough the screen making every topic clear and understandable. I will suggest Coursera platform. Thank you,Marco
Clear and logical introduction into Project Management. Which is not getting nearly enough attention as it should, because of all the attention to Leadership. Leadership alone will not get it done, planning and management is also important.
This course helped me update fundamental concepts for project management. Very updated topics are covered that are seen in a practical way. The instructor, Yael Grushka-Cockayne, is very well qualified and teaches in a very didactic way.
A good course to gain knowledge of project planning and management. Useful for student, professionals and job seekers to understand the importance of project planning. A well-presetned course. Assignments are good to gain more knowledge.
This course was really good for someone that never had any experience in project management I understood it very well and gain knowledge that I will be able to use. I will continue studying other courses to equip myself better. Thank you
It is an excellent tool to learn how to cope with projects on your own. It has the fundamentals to start planning projects, not only those related to business, you can also apply this material in your personal life and academical goals.
My objective was to get an understanding of Project Managment the process, before learning Microsoft Project.This course has helped me meet that objectiveThe presenter is clear, the material is well arranged with good examplesThank You
Great course, good flow of information. Yael makes great introductions to new topics and keeps learning very interesting. Each section has use cases and also shows you how to do your own practice on excel/ms project. Awesome training.
Extremely informative for a new project planning professional. Great starting point to continue studies in project management and beyond. Could provide even more content if able to. This course taught me a lot but left me wanting more
This course is very informative, and helpful especially to those who will be managing projects without formal education about project management. The lecturer delivers each topic clearly and provides insights about managing projects.
The course is of a great practical meaning. Interesting and easy to understand. Highly recommend to everyone! Life is full of projects and it is really worth managing them effectively.Many thanks to the team that prepared the course.
Great Course. I had no idea how little I knew about projects until I took this course. And I've learned so much and what's great is that i'm implementing everything I've learned in running a live project that I'm currently managing!
In this course professor Yael Grushka-Cockayne explains how to build successful project using modern tools and knowledge. It is great course for those who want build career like Project Manager in different areas. Thank you so much!
Solid fundamental introductory course on project management. The instructor was very knowledgeable, well prepared and apparently passionate about the subject. Appreciate her hard work of putting this course online. Would recommend!
This course was just great! I have learned how to apply useful numeric tools to plan the tasks of my projects better within realistic timing and it had made me think of everything that I am doing right and wrong at work!Thank you.
This was one of the best online learnings I have done. I really like how I could watch the videos over and over, how I could pause and skip around. This course touches every learning style,  that what makes it so great. Thank you.
It's a great opportunity to learn something new. The professor is EXCELLENT. I am grateful because all the units are too interesting and it will be useful for the advanced diploma I'm going to start on february.
Thank you so much.
It was a really good experience with this course Best part is its content was well structured and organized to explain with an example in an adequate manner.The instructor was good it really explains the things in excellent ways
I feel like this course gave me a great fundamental understanding of project management. The case studies were interesting and relevant. The time of the course was manageable and I was even able to complete it ahead of schedule.
Peace be upon you and God's mercy and blessings be upon you. My sincere thanks and appreciation. The course was very enjoyable. The method of explanation is very simple and I wish many of you in the future. Thank you very much.
Great course! I've gained a very strong basic level of project management and I hope to apply this new skill in my future work. Thanks to the Prof. Yael Grushka-Cockayne for her easily understandable lectures, time and effort.
Great course! I really enjoyed every lesson and will start applying the learned concepts to my job immediately. I really recommend this course if you would like to better understand the role and history of project management.
Each and every concepts are defined clearly,one of the best course on coursera designed by outstanding faculty.I want to pay my special gratitude to University of Virginia and  Coursera for providing such a tremendous course.
This course is an excellent introduction to the concepts and methodologies used in Project Planning. I started the course with almost zero knowledge of project management and finished it ready to take a specialization course.
This is quite an amazing experience. The lecture videos are totally astonishing. It explains the concepts more clearly and the examples drawn are remarkable and suits very well. Thank you very much, I enjoyed it very well....
Overwhelmed and Contended to have such an wonderful crash course with an overall coverage and well explained the basics in all aspects.Tremendous knowledge of the Tutor was helpful in elaborating the PM.Thanks to the Tutor.
The course was extremely informative; I am confident it will add value to my career. The instructor was engaging and well learned in the material. Enrolling was an excellent decision to level-up my professional development!
It was really entertaining to be a part of this training course. The storyline was transparent, well built, understandable. It gave me a lot of new, useful information regarding project management. I enjoyed it a lot. Thx!
Great course for all who want to start their journey with the projects.The level and the scope of information has been perfectly chosen. My special thanks goes to Prof. Yael Grushka-Cockayne - I really enjoyed your course.
Definitely worth it. The amount of information and knowledge that can be gathered from this course goes beyond the price. I learned so much and know that I will be implementing a lot of what I learned into my current work.
Concise information split into bite size easy to manage videos. Plenty of notes easily taken and the resource sheets summarised the slides for the week were an excellent reference  point when completing the weekly quiz.
The Fundamentals of Project Planning and Management course provided a great overview on the project planning process - including both theoretical knowledge and useful insights that I could put into practice right away.
Very informative video.The instructor had a great knowledge of the subject,gave relevant examples which were easy to understand. Case study materials were quite helpful, helped me to understand the real life scenario.
i have learned lot of things with this course and it was very helpful in my day to day work life and also personal life.Got knowledge about how to plan , process and execute a project keeping all the factors in mind.
This course was a very valuable introduction to project planning & management and the terminology and techniques used. It also provided a good amount of information and was not dragged out over a long period of time.
This course was very informative especially for new project managers. Prof. Yael delivered very effective and interesting discussions. Thank you for imparting your knowledge in Project Planning and Management to us.
This is a very concise and well explained course for anyone in the PM business. It was a definite sharpening process for me. These refined skills will be put to use immediately. Thank you and wish you the very best.
I found this course to be very helpful in learning the fundamental principals of project management. An actual project simulation would be absolutely fantastic, but I realize that may be unrealistic in this setting.
Good overview of PM. Again, it is an introductory course so it tends to be broad, but not deep. Please don't expect too much. It is a course that will motivate you to continue on Project Management Path. Thank you.
I LOVED MY EXPERIENCE WHILE STUDYING THIS COURSE, IT TOOK MY IMAGINATION  REGARDING PROJECT MANAGEMENT AT AN DIFFERENT LEVEL.I RECOMMEND IT ALL PEOPLE WHO ARE SEEKING TO SHARPEN THEIR SKILLS IN PROJECT MANAGEMENT.
This is a really good course to learn the basics in project management. It was a very successful 1st step for me. I am looking forward to do more courses in PM. Thank you prof for making the course interesting. :)
This course is complete for getting started in the project management field. The teacher explains very clearly all the concepts in the course program. I highly recommend it if you want to specialize in this area.
The experience was phenomenal. I gained much knowledge throughout this course. It wouldn't be possible for such an amazing lecturer! I am pleased with all that I have accomplished with the help of this course.
The course breaks down the processes and concepts into easy-to-understand pieces and short videos. It uses effective visuals and has one consistent sample project that learners can track throughout the course.
A very interesting and useful program that helps develop and improve the way of planning and fulfil a project. Gives you the appropriate skills in order to achieve the best result on a future project planning.
I really love the content and quizzes. I feel like, I've learned something new and important. Thanks to whole team for developing this course, thanks to the faculty ;for teaching in very amazing manner. Kudos
Interesting course! It provided me all the basic and main information of the project management aspects! Good example, clear, and helpful. Thank you to your help and sorry for my Englsh, I need to improve it.
It is not fine that the courses close like every 3 months, I do this project with my school and we have just 1 hour a week so I have to change every time my courses wich I do not like. I only like this course
The course is well-structured and well-organised. The topics are treated in a rather clear and informative manner by the teacher. I definitely recommend it to both new comers and experienced project managers
Great course and i have feel that i have a better understanding of the fundamentals of project planning. There was so much that i never considered before and i will start to apply to my next future projects.
Great course!!!! The teacher was super clear, the concepts where really really awesome and well defined. The knowledge shared in this course is very practical, you can use the things your learned right away.
This 4 week course helped prepare me for taking the CAPM test.  Many of the topics covered were in the exam.  I found the overall course extremely beneficial.  I highly recommend this course and instructor.
This course was a great experience. Methodology of the teacher was clear and very helpful in my learning process. I recommend this course for people who wants to make deepening in project management world.
The course is easily design for developed a project and project planning .this course is good for the future to start-up a new idea.Thanks To my Guide who teach us so well. Thanks University Of Virginia.
Great course! Easy to follow and very informative. For someone who is new to project planning and management, this course provides clear and well explained scenarios/samples. Thank you for the learnings!
It helped e to understand the specifications of project management in such ways. It is a really helpful education. I will apply mt earnings to my job and I am sure I will see the difference of my look
Very informative, concise, and easy to digest. Provides a solid foundation / framework for approaching projects, with great tutorials on using software for analysis. Great experience overall, thanks!
Excellent course, presented in an easy English for non-native English speakers, with concrete examples and hands-on MS Projects demo. Thank you so much to the University of Virginia and to Mme Yael.
In  Fundamentals of project planning and management i have learnt  how to manage the projects and during  its critical situtions . And i have learnt the projects to be done in correct timining .
These courses were so tremendous to me. It allowed me to gain incredible knowledges about how planning and manage a project with beautiful examples of people doing valuable activities.thank you.
I have got the opportunity to learn a lot of new things in this course. The instructor Yael Grushka-Cockayne (@grushkay) has given so much clarity to the topics. Thank you Yael Grushka-Cockayne
This course is really great! Easy to understand and really useful. I believe I will be more efficient for my future project plans if I can successfully complete the whole course... Thank you :)
A really nice course, that gives you a great insight into PM tools and principles, and leaves you with the feeling, that you could actually manage a project now way more competent than before.
Basic, but very practical indeed! Gives you a flying start when you're new to project management. A must-see if you're about to start any project and don't know how or where to start exactly.
The instructor's approach is very comprehensible and she has a subtle way to convey the ideas and visualize them. The ideas are straightforward and what you need to enhance your knowledge.
This course is exceptional and has gave me highlights on various aspects of project planning such as being able to establish dependencies on different task and determining critical task.
Very useful course with practical examples and tutorials on MS Project included. Learned some new things such as stakeholder power/interest grid, SPI and CPI that I haven't used before.
This course enlighten me with PM language, Framework and methodologies, Which I believe it is important as our fundamentals capabilities to manage projects both small and large scaled.
Straightforward, well-explained content and effective examples! Just the right amount of information for an intro course. High standards for learning too, which helped keep me focused!
The course provided a bunch of meaningful insights. Many techniques to approach project management were presented. I feel much more prepared to handle a project now. Excellent content!
If you are looking to kick start an illustrious career in Project management, this is the right place to start. I really learned a lot in the four weeks or so I spent on this course.
That's my first time I learn onlineThanks for the University of Virginia and Coursera to give me that's opportunity and it will not be last time I learn on Coursera  Good work 😁😁😁
Coursera helps me in developing major skills and knowledge about the project planning and management because of the lectures given by the worlds finest teachers and latest technology
This was a very useful piece of information to me. Being a tech student and running a business. This course come in handy for my personal development and business will sure thrive.
Great introductory course, covered all the basics at a good level of detail; and started to get into some of the tools, software and methods that can be practically applied. Thx!
I never thought I'll learn project planning and management like this. This is very helpful at the same time useful for my program. I highly recommend this for beginners like me.
Great course for those who has no idea about what the project management is. Course materials are sufficient and professor is really great, she knows how to present information!
This was very well done! Highly informative and interactive, not at all overwhelming, and obviously very well planned (as one would expect from a course on Project Management).
The tools and techniques taught in this course are very helpful for managing a project. The course also offered real life experiences and examples so that learners can relate.
The course was very informative and covered the basics very well. It was entirely worth taking and the course was very manageable to take along with my standard work schedule.
The course is very informative and handy in decision-making. My knowledge on business management was somehow refreshed and expanded through this course. Thank you very much!
I am thankful for this course. Week 3 was one of the best for me and learning what I did about risk is so critical to project success. I encourage everyone to give it a try.
The course has important insights about the Planning a Project. I really liked it and it was not time consuming, you can do it easily with your daily routine. Really good!
I really loved this course. I learned a lot about how to plan, manage, and execute projects. Looking forward to apply these concepts on my business venture in the future.
it was really great, the explanation of the critical topics was really great topics like CPM but i would like to suggest cover one more method called PERT in this course.
The course allowed me to review some project management basics, learn new things and the teacher was really clear in breaking down points and illustrating them. Perfect!
I really found this course amazing .. It has given me immense knowledge about the course .Excellent Materials and very clear understanding . Thanks to the Facilitator .
A very comprehensive approach to the Science of Project Management using simple up-to-date tools and simple easy to follow language. My commendation to the Course Team.
Very good course. Recommend to everyone (Beginners too) who wants to learn or expand knowledge in PM. The instructions / teaching and examples are very clear and crisp
One of the best courses I ever taken on project management. Touches all the information you need as a PM so than you can expand the knowlege of those you need or use.
This is an extremely informative and comprehensive course for a learner with non management background. I found it extremely beneficial and helpful in my due course.
great in depth explanations of core concepts and advanced planning analysis. If all project managers did this, we would have a more controlled and insightful world.
This was an excellent course taught in a very clear, engaging, and fun way! Really enjoyed Yael's method of teaching and would happily take another course with her!
The course contents were good. The course provided a good insight of the project planning process, tools and different activities and how to evaluate project risks.
Great course with basic fundamentals to help with project management. This was a great refresher course for people who may have about some of the important basics.
Good start to understanding begins your journey into the business world and understanding better about the corporate world. Very happy I decided to do this course.
This is a very useful course. By applying these (even basic concepts) we will be more confident in achieving better results  in our projects plan and developments.
Great overview, good exercises, interesting cases. I wasn't as fast as I expected and really liked the flexibility of extending the course and fit it to my needs.
The content of the training is very useful and the examples make it easy to understand.  I recommend the course to anyone who is interested in Project Management.
A nice introduction to basic concepts of and tools for project management. It would be nice if there were more practice scenarios with math and mapping questions.
Provides a clear understanding of what it takes to create effective project plan. Lectures are well structured and provide practical knowledge to manage projects.
Great course! It brings a clear understanding of the Project Management base principles and guides you through Risk management and Budget accounting fundamentals.
This course provided very good, high-level material on project management fundamentals, which some can be referenced for actual projects in various environments.
It was just really very valuable course about project planning and management.Please recommend me more advanced courses, books & articles in this field.Thanks :)
Thank you so much!! Great explanation, great examples and you really have a natural way to make yourself clear while teaching! :) I really recommend this course!
Great Mooc Online has given me quite a good idea about project planning and the management of it. Nice teacher who could grap the attention on and on. Marvelous!
Those three weeks that I spent learning this course was one of the valuable weeks. I learned much more than I expected. Many thanks for creators of this course!
Course was excellent. Covered major topics and gave brief idea about project life cycle. It has helped me to develop project planning skills and its management.
Teacher Yael is fantastic. She provides an excellent overview of general Project Planning and Management. I really love this course and i'm very sad it' s over!
This was a very thorough course on the basics of Project Management. I feel much more confident transitioning into the private sector with this knowledge base.
This course is very well structured and while is comprehensive is very simple as well. I really enjoyed. I suggest this course to all levels and all industries
VERY MUCH INFORMATIVE PLATFORM THAT HELP TO DEVELOPMENT SKILLS UNDER HIGHLY TRAINED PROFESSIONAL TEACHERS..THANK YOU YAEL GRUSHKA-COCKAYNE  THANK YOU COURSERA
Great course, amazing teacher!All the information is well-structured and delivered in a timely fashion to answer the most common questions of the basis of PM.
I have found this course really intersting, I have followed the lessons without problems. I, now, con understand a lot about Project Planning and Management.
This course was really, really good!Without former knowledge of project planning, I've learned allot about project planning that didn't even new it existed.
Great teacher, really interesting and understandable even to those who approach this world for the first time. Packed with useful examples for understanding
This course give me a basic glampse on project management.It helps me to get out of all these pitfalls and messes when dealing with daily project directing.
This is a very wonderful course to undergo especially when you want to brace up yours skills in project manager. Using microsoft project is also simplified
Great teacher and good tests! They really helped me to learn whenever I had to retake them and watch the videos again. The cases exercises were nice too :)
Very helpful course on the fundamentals of project management. It covers all the basics in order someone to fit project management procedures on his needs.
Very good introduction to all phases involved in the planning of a project. Instructor is engaging and I was never bored when watching the video lectures.
Very informative course with Excellent teacher. The course includes essential material for project planning  and management which is taught with clarity.
I'd like to thank Ms. Yael Grushka-Cockayne for providing us with a very well structured set of course that increase my knowledge in project management.
This course is very well put together and covers all the basic knowledge required to place yourself on a successful path of becoming a project manager.
One of the best courses i've ever had. Very effective, concentrated and has most of the information needed to start in the field of Project Management.
Great course! I went from knowing very little about PM to feeling like I have a solid base. I've already been using some of the tools in my daily life.
Excellent course, very informative and extremely well done! Enjoyed a lot to learn for the first time about project planning and management! Thank you!
Thank you so much! I learned very much knowledge about management from this course! Actually, your course help me understand more and more on my work.
A very detailed and interactive course to learn about Project Management . Thanks to the instructor for illustrating various scenario based examples .
Great course, very interesting topics. Incredible materials and course structure. Congratulations on the course. I will recommend it to my colleagues
Clear and well explained course. The set up triggered me almost immediatly to analyse past and ongoing projects at work. Very insightful information.
It was a well organized moderate course. I have learn the basic's of Project Planning and management very deeply. Thank you to Yael Grushka-Cockayne
Good basics for project management and to have an overall view from start to finish.It was good to see examples and videos about different projects.
The professor was amazing! She gave very practical lessons about project management and helped us put them into action rather than stay theoretical.
It was helpful course to understanding the concept of the planning and managements . for my side i will recommended this course to my My colleagues
The contents are very good and  interesting references to other examples and tools which could very useful to check for more detailed information.
Excellent course.  Highly recommend.  I believe I have great notes and learned some helpful tools which will make me better at what I do.  Cheers!
Amazing course! All information needed is there. Very concise, understandable and scientific approach to project management. Thank you very much.
The course is really helping me to gain my basics related to Project management. I would like to thank Coursera for providing such good courses.
Awesome Training Module, i am glad to attend and complete this, never got board of any module, its designed with so much interaction and enery.
It was really helpfull as an introduction in the project management word. I'll recommend this course also to put in practice on our rutine live
Fantastic course with a superb instructor. If you are an amateur in Project Planning and Management then you should definitely give this a try.
It was a very interesting course. It gave me the basics on PM. I wish to have more explanations on Microsoft Project tool, maybe in the future.
Excellent explanation of the fundamentals of project management. The course is very clear and shows you the basic steps to complete a project.
Very interesting and satisfying course and knowledge provided.Great way to learn something new and useful. Thank you for the effective course.
Gives maing idea about the actual project management, introduces basic tools to start with and teaches  comprehensive approach to the projects
Awesome course everyone should complete it, those who are interested in management and planning.Basic fundamentals are been cleared properly.
Very good lectures that present complex material in logical units.I liked real life project examples driving home the points made in lecture.
Such an excellent course and professionally presented by the instructor. Plz do provide one click resource download option as well. Regards
It was clear, clean and really helpful. Easy explained and all the important information in one place. That was really a good fundamental.
Excellent learning experience for me. I have refreshed my PM skills, and applied my skills to design and develop projects in my own field.
Perfect.It helped me to understand how can I planning and manage my Project.In addition I learnt about Risk Analysis in Project exucation.
a good introductory course with challenging topics and introduction to risk planning is the most crucial aspect of the course. good job...
New ideas about project management and new tools useful at work. I recommend this class for people who plan to accelerate their PM skills!
Well organized online class that was very beneficial for someone looking to get an initial foundation of project planning and management.
Very informative. Easy to follow and understand. Useful and helpful to someone who is interested in finding out about project management.
This course can help you to understand the  Fundamentals of Project Planning and Management. The instructor was really good at teaching.
Very helpful overview and intro to Project Management - a good taste of what would be studied to eventually get a full PMP certification
Is a very complete fundamentals course. This give me new tools and approaches that make me re-think past projects. Thank you very myuch.
Clear and easy to follow. Very helpful if you're new to project management and want to start understanding the concepts and terminology.
Content was precise and good. Delivered were well and clear by the instructor. Highly recommended for project management professionals.
This is amazing to who wants to learn about the framework of projects because the teacher is very competent and she has good didactics.
It is a great curse, with a balance of theory and practice. I would just recommend to check on the external links as some are outdated.
This was really good course to apply the project management principles and I started implementing the same as ans where its applicable.
Good course, the person in charge to bring us the explanations, She has good handling of the subject, all the material is well focused.
IT was a great experience in learning this course. Specially the videos were much more helpful :) Would love to do many more courses. T
This course was very good, practical and hands on. I can use the skills I learned from this course right away on my current projects.
This is a good course for all students. Teachers have presented topics as simple as possible. It was quite easy for me to understand.
I really loved it, this is my first Coursera Course Certificate and I am happy that I got it. The videos are short and easy to follow
I really enjoyed the challenge. This was the first course I have taken in regards to project management and I am eager to learn more.
It is a very interesting and beneficial course for me. It opened me to think like a project manager to the whole project from start.
I find the course very interesting. My main achievements on the course would be learning the languages to use in project management.
Brilliant course, essential parts are covered and very well explained. Thank you so much Yael Grushka-Cockayne. Best Regards, Rajeev
The most wonderful and enthusiastic tutor we have on Coursera and  Also Perfectly design course serves it's purpose 100%.Thank You.
Really helpful in learning new terminologies and definitions. I'm feeling much satisfied and accomplished by completing the course.
I loved how the concepts were explained in a really good way, concise enough to be remembered and detailed enough to be understood
Amazing course!clear, well structured, it enable you to enter the field of project planning and management in a high valuable way.
Loved this course, it was such a pleasant experience to learn something new and and at the same time very valuable to your career.
Great course. It pushed me to really focus on understanding and analyzing every aspect of project planning and management process.
It is a nice and brief overview project management. I enjoyed the course and recommend it to beginners who wants to dive into PM.
Excellent course detailing the steps of project management and how to ensure your project is completed on-time and within budget.
Very informative for a short(ish) course and I agree it definitely provides the fundamentals of Project Planning and Management.
very glad i cracked all the four weeks and thank you for giving this opportunity looking for more number of courses to be taken.
Very insightful and in-depth. Really happy I took this course as it prepares me to approach new projects in a methodical manner
Really great synopsis on Project Management, it was good as case studies were also included and helped understand the concepts.
Explains Project planning and management in a very clear and brief way. Thank you Coursera and Professor Yael for this course!
Enjoyed the course. I was able to learn quite a bit and I feel I have the perfect start to learning about Project Management.
it's a well informed course manual that explains the basics of project management on a level that is very easy to understand.
This course gives more expectation what I expected. It dips in a bit deeper than many other online project management course.
Very informative and nicely paced course. Helps one gear up with everything you need for being an effective project manager.
Great course to learn how to have the basics on the subject. Simple explanations for complex concepts. Excellent rapporteur.
good course. learned something at least. recommended for the beginner who are really enthusiastic about project management.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course and it's really given me some insight to the fundamentals of project planning and management.
Interesting course with an engaged educator. Gives good basic understanding and tools for project planning and management.
A good place to start the Project Management and Planning journey. So excited to have enrolled and successfully completed!
Well organized course, with an essential theoretical analysis and a lot of real examples of project management situations.
Learned a lot! Very good information and the assignment was a fun and great exercise for implementing the things learned.
The course was really useful with lots of interesting content which is going to improve my skills in project management.
The course covers the basic techniques for getting started with PM. The pace is well chosen, the quiz level appropriate.
The course is exceptional good and I can recommend it to anyone who wants to kickstart their project management career.
Excellent course for wants to start of is already working with project management, but want to formalize the knowledge.
Short and Effective. I would suggest it to all the professionals needing the basics of Project Planning and Management.
Professor is awesome and I will recommend this course to everyone who wish to understand Project management from basic.
I appreciated the tutorials on how to use different PM software. The material was well planned out and easy to follow.
Extremely valuable, it gives us tremendous opportunity to learn the fundamentals of project management  in most inter
it is very interactive, allows one to work on their own pace, will recommend the next cohort to my friends and family
Enjoyed this course, Nice that it included many topics I didn't expect such as review on MS Project and Agile/Scrum.
Good course! Yael Grushka-Cockayne (instructor)  was good delivery the course with clear explanations and examples.
This course is very much helpful in giving information about the essential methods and tools in managing a project.
I loved how practical this course is, and the introduction to software tools for planning is really great.THANK YOU
Precise, straight to the point, super clear... highly suggested to get a first acquaintance with project management
This was an excellent course. Essential material who is working on a project and wants to start their own project.
Good project management introduction covering the basics with good amount of video content and excellent examples.
Thank you for this opportunity the course has really enriched my understanding of project planning and Management.
Great Course for learning Project Managment, helpfully for learn about terms that could be news for me in the area
The lecturer is a professional with positive mindset. The material is interesting and I hope it will be helpful.
It is nice and crispy course which let you know the basic fundamental way for the project planning and managment
Good Course to learn about many project management tasks and scenarios and how to handle that, best approaches.
The Course is Very Amazing, mainly if you never took a class about Projects. The Teacher is a very kind person!
This is a very good course. It introduces Project Planning and Management and touches all the important topics.
Easy to navigate the course materials, great details and clear explanation of all topics and practical examples
This class covered the basis and coincided well with my PM budgeting course and applied Scrum for Agile course.
THis was a great course. Currently working on a large project i had lots of take-a-ways from this and used them
Topics and detailed processes, provides the necessary elements to have a broad outline when executing projects.
This course is informative, and well-presented. Further, it also provides different case studies for reference.
The course helped get a general idea of what project management means and what it involves to create a project
A great learning opportunity for the subject we are interested in a limited time and in our own convenience!!!
I learnt a lot of useful tips and tricks and i am sure i am ready to start a project or involve in a project.
This course is very informative and learned basic of fundamentals and project management.Thanks to the Team.
Good course, basic and key aspects covered. For a good start, introduction and refresh of project management
This course is really great. i have learnt a lot from it and i can't wait to manage my first project. Thanks
Great course! Learnt different aspects of project planning and development. Will be of great help in future.
Condensed course but definitely offers substantial material for you to gain insight into project management.
I really enjoyed this course and was able to learn a lot.  I recommend this course for a good fundamentals.
Very structured learning and points are crisp. Very good session to understand basics of Project Management
Concise and well-condensed ideas that provide a good foundation for Project Management structured learning.
Feels good to be part of this course. This course will give you the basic idea about approaching a project.
Very good introduction to all phases involved in the planning of a project. I really recommend this course.
Very practical and hands on course on Project management from top to bottom. Highly reccoment this course.
Very good classes and materials. The cases were really big challenges, and improves the course! Loved it.
Special thanks to Professor Yael Grushka-Cockayne for hosting such a detailed course at beginner's level.
Great course that help me to develop new techniques and skill that are going to improve my every day work
Thoroughly enjoyed
it, great context clarifying the concepts and terminology, very good delivery
by Yael.
This course helped me to learn the basics of project management. Excellent way of teaching. Recommended
Greatly organized. More than what expected.Really great teacher, her method and her energy of delivery.
I've been searching a course on Proj. Management on coursera for a long time. Found this one very good.
Very interesting info with regards to project menegement. I appreciated the applied excel and Microsoft
This course is really good for understanding project planning and management for new project managers.
I can proudly say, I have been properly equipped for project planning and management even in the wild.
The way the teacher explain this course is plain  and  simple.In summary to me this is awesome course!
I am very interested to graduate about this course in order to practice my current work to this course
Clearly broke down the pattern on how to analyze and work with project. Very helpful and informative.
Excellent! Very Important, easy to learn and well organizedThanks alot for everything in this course!
Great introductory course for PM.  Also a good way to earn contact hours for PMI application or PDUs.
This basic course on project management helped me a lot to understand what it is. Coursera forward!!!
Very informative and full of knowledge. It enables you to think any project with different approach.
Very structured and motivated teacher who will provide you with all essentials on Project Management
This is a well-thought course. Enough to equip learners with the necessary project management skills
I absolutely loved the class. it was easy to comprehend and the Lecturer did really well. Thank you.
Totally enjoyable  and interesting. It was a well structured course,  easy to follow and understand.
Solid overview of Project Planning and Management.  I appreciated how well this course was executed.
I learned a lot! Definitely worth my time and money do engage in learning something new.  Thank you!
this course is excellent, i learned about the basics concepts and the examples are super preactices
Easy to follow and practical advise even for someone coming from a scientific, research background.
Great teacher. The slides could be more detailled but they are generally clear and well structured.
Great Teacher. Good examples, information delivered on the spot. Learned so much in this course! :)
I thought the instructor paced herself well and was very articulate. I would recommend this course.
Easy explained and all the important information in one place!!!Thank you very much for your work!
It was an excellent course, with everything you need to start in the world of project management.
The concepts were very well organised and easy to go over the video learnings and take up quizzes
im brand new into project management methodology and this course was really complete and helpful!
Awesome compilation of content and completely practical and fantastic.Best to build fundamentals.
These videos are really very helpful in understanding  the concept. I found it very interesting.
It is a perfect lecture. I can get the basic information of project management from this lecture
Excellent course to gain knowledge about fundamental aspects of Project Planning and Management.
I have learned very useful tools. Thanks so much fir the course. i am now ready to jump as a PM
This course offers almost everything one needs to know about Project Planning & Risk Management
Very thorough in understanding a high level concept of project management 10/10 would recommend
It was a very good training, makes you think about planning and how to monitoring the projects.
very fruitful coursehelped to understand the fundamentals of project management in an easy way
The course was fully loaded and I have learned so much. Thank you and God bless you abundantly
Really excellent course for learning about the fundamentals of project planning. Thanks a lot!
it was a great course and Yael is a wonder teacher !! i have learned so much, thank very much
VERY INFORMATIVE,THE COURSE TOUCHES ON REAL ISSUES TO BE CONSIDERED FOR A SUCCESSFUL PROJECT.
It is a great course covering the most important elements of Project planning and management.
Excellently taught and organized. Gave me the deep learning of the Project management world.
I learned a lot in just four weeks! I recommend if you are a beginner in project management.
thanks a lot Coursera for teaching me the most important fundamentals in project management
Good introduction, overview of terminology and tools. Some intro case studies were helpful!
Very informative - very good presentations really enjoyed the course. Needs something to pr
Excellent course! Well taught and easier to understand for someone who is new to this area.
Eye-opening and extremely instructive. I'm looking forward to trying out what I've learned!
Excellent course on fundamentals, very clear and good materials and sequencing works great
Very informative course. Surely beneficial so as to start the project in a structured way.
Excellent course. It gives you a macro view on how to manage projects. Highly recommended.
Tis course provides a great introduction to the basics of project planning and management.
It was very enlightening and resourceful in terms of quality learning material. Thank you.
Course is designed very well and gives a good overview of project management fundamentals
Detailed and helpful are the two words i could use to describe the nature of this course.
Many of the times I got distracted by the beauty of the professor.But a very good course.
Great course, very clear lectures. many thanks to the instructor / prof. well recommended
Very good course with some PM insight that is not always included in similar PMI courses.
Very interesting and useful course!  It would be great to watch other courses with Yael !
EXCELLENT PRESENTATION AND BRIEFING. CLEAR FUNDAMENTALS AND EXAMPLES.THANK YOU PROFESSOR
I really learnt a lot from this training.  The lecture was detailed.  Thank you so much.
Engaging, interesting and 100% useful for those whoare interested in Project Management.
thank you for this cours, it's amazing and helpful for a project planning and management
very useful course that anyone needs ,not only for career , but also for life experince.
I am happy to completing this certification which is provided by CourseraThanks so much
Really good training to take it , definitely will help the Manager to plan and execute.
Learned a lot about project management and planning. Will recommend this to my friends!
It is the best course, It has equipped me with a lot more of project management skills.
Excellent and focused material with quiz designed to test the fundamentals. Great work!
Interactive sessions with lots of useful assignments. Found the course helpful. Thanks!
it has been informative and interactive, mastering the principles through case studies
Excellent instruction, well paced, clear, concise, great to have pdf's of the slides.
Very well-explained and easy to understand, overall a very helpful course, thank you.
Gives absolute brief idea of project management. It is especially good for beginners.
Awesome Value! Excellent Summary and Review for refreshing and updating my PM Skills!
Great course.  Alot of information covered but it was easy to follow and understand.
Thanks for instructor, it was very good course and provide clear knowledge about PM,
Very informative and easy understandable for a newbie in Project Management like me.
Greato for learning or refreshing the Project planning and management fundamentals!
This is so helpful. I needed a little information and I got full knowledge.  Thanks
Great course! I have refreshed the project management techniques studied years ago.
It was a great experience. Loved it. Thank you yael mam for the wonderful class...
Essential for all budding Managers to move way forward with confidence backed with
superb and exciting fully understood the details of Project planning and execution
Really enjoyed the course.  I learned alot and am looking forward to taking more.
Really comprehensive program. Well organised and interesting. I've learned a lot.
it was nice course where you learn project management skills and how to manage it
Excellent introduction course that put words on my accumulated project knowledge.
Very good broad outline project planning. It also had example to reinforce ideas.
I enjoyed the course very well. Just glad to know some aspects I hardly heard of.
Quite well done for a short course. Very detailed. No time spent on empty words.
Very interesting introduction to some of he main concepts in Project Management.
The perfect course to take to start your online course certificate portfolio. Hi
Learn a lot of new things to improve my knowledge and skills on micromanagement.
A journey that was worth taking and an engaging lecturer made it even more fun.
Excellent Course with an excellent overview of project planning and management.
A very good introduction to PM and the Agile section was very much appreciated.
A great course that will teach you the basics of planning and project managing.
I learned a lot with this course. Well organized and well explained, thank you!
Best course....Highly recommendable for aspiring / Upcoming Project Managers...
Very simple yet useful explanation of the basic concepts of project management.
Excellent course. I was really able to understand all the stages of a project.
Well designed course for understanding the planning and management of project.
Great entry to project management - it's only downside is that it's too short.
The course was so good , help me to add skills on project and risk management
I have learned more about project planning and development. Its a good course
it was a wonderful experience.... thank you for this opportunity giving to me
Very good course to understand the basics of project planning and management.
Its an excellent course for the beginners in Project Planning and Management.
I have not thought on a project in this way before. It's really mind-blowing.
Great course! Fantastic to start getting your feet wet on Project Management.
The lessons were very short but full of interesting and relevant information.
Thanks Professor Yael!! Excellent course for project planning and management.
One of the most relevant and best Project management courses I have attended
Excellent introduction to material and fantastic teacher. Loved this course.
Amazing Course to learn and move forward in Project Planning and Management.
Well made, clear, really very helpful for an overview on project management.
It gave a very good functional over view of project planning and management.
Very good introduction to project management, gives indeed the fundamentals!
Useful ad easy to comprehend. Helpful discussion prompt which are optional.
Very good lesson learned and practice was very helpful to better understand
i have completed this course and really helped myself clearing fundamentals
Very complete and clear e-learning with great example to illustrate courses
Very effective course and I learn a lot. It will helpful for my
profession.
Great course. Cant wait  for another course. Thank you for the opportunity.
Excellent course and content. real time calculation and tutorial is great.
the instructor was awesome..got to understand many points from this course
This course is invaluable learning experience for me. Thank you very much.
A very good course for people looking for fundamentals of project planning
No Comments: it was a great experience and really learning full experience
It was a great experience i gaind alot of management information thank you
Best Organised and Most Important topics covered. Thank you so much M'am .
Very helpful, it helped me to understand the project management priciples.
Great course, lots of useful information and fast track learning approach!
So useful for Project Manager, you should take this course and learn asap.
Very Effective course. This course will help a tot to increase knowledge.
phenomenal course with lots of new concept regarding this particular era.
I've learned quite a lot on this Course. The instructor was really great.
One of the best courses with excellent presentation of Yael (instructor).
I took this to preview the courses and found this to be really well done!
This is a fantastic course and Yael-Grushka-Cockayne is a great teacher!
Good course for a basic introduction to the world of project management.
Wonderful course for those who desire an overview of project management.
Very Well Structured and Guided mechanism of Training and Certification
Its Really nice course and faculty has also contributed to its optimum.
i really enjoyed this course, it was great to do during the quarantine.
V.V.  important inputs and knowledge sharing with detailed explanations
Thanks for a great course, very well structured and easy to understand!
Professor is superb! Her language and explanations are clear and vivid.
It's the excellent cours. I'm verry enjoy to learn some new skill...!!
Good course, even flow and content, challenging without being too hard
Really useful content and materials! I loved being part of the course.
Great course that can formalize your knowledge or teach you for basics
Great overview of project Planning and Managment, just what I needed!
The course itself was great but I didn't get a shareable certificate!
Excellent,I feel I have a great start for my future PMI certification
Very  good cource for better understanding what is progect managment.
Very Good Course for Fundamentals of Project Planning and Management.
I loved the quiz. Very detailed, would have loved to learn some tools
The Teacher is engaging and dynamic. Truly enjoyed and learned a lot.
This course is very good for those who are new to Project Management.
I enjoy your teaching,I hope to work with you again soon,bita edalati
Absolutely easy to understand material and a very friendly lecturer!!
this course helped me to get essential skills in project management.
Concise introduction to project management. Case studies are useful.
It was an amazing experience learning about some tools and theories.
Useful and insightful. I appreciated the introduction to MS Project.
interesting and good organized...very useful videos and kind teacher
Very interesting. I love its exercises. it was difficult but so good
Great introduction on fundamentals of Project Panning and Management
very comprehensive and informative,  i enjoyed the course very much
The lesson planning and style of taking the lectures was excellent.
Loved the course! Very descriptive and lots of examples! Thank you!
Very good teacher and arguments. Very helpful, greatest recommended
great course helped me in every aspect of the course. great mentors
This course is very well structured and helpful! Thank you so much!
I really enjoyed this excellent course, I learned a lot! Thank you.
Great intro to project management. Easy to follow and good examples
Very well explained and interesting! thank you for this course. :-)
The structure of the course was well outlined. Thank you Coursera!
Excellent training program, well organised and explained superbly.
I really enjoyed this course and plan on taking others. Thank you.
Good e-learning to know some new concepts about project management
Great to learn and clear new things now i have set of analysis and
Great course! I found this very valuable for my career transition.
Great course for understanding the project panning and management.
The lecturer and course content is relevant and very user friendly
I liked this course very much, relevant content, great instructor.
Good CourseNice material and the best is the professor explanation
Very good introductory course on Project Planning and Management.
Very educative. I recommend it to all people involved in projects
Very well structured course. Great and handy tutorials. Thank you
perfectly done, very well explained and 100% professional taught.
Very well organized. 5 stars to both the teacher and the subjects
This course gave me an overview of a Project Management process.
Too theoretical. Request to add a lot of practical sessions too.
The most excited course it was, full of knowledge and experience
Great lector ! Information is important and easy for understand.
Very good course and good materials and case study and examples
Great course, Great Instructor, Professional online teaching...
It was an excellent course on project planning, I do enjoy it.
Excellent course, thanks for all the useful tools you provide.
I believe this course is help our skill of Project Management.
Pertinent for development and growth for any project managers
Great Intro course for general overview of Project Management
Excellent course.the flow of course makes eager to learn new.
Would be great to have at least Russian language in subtitles
It is a well designed course which i recommend to all people.
its a great course, i learn new bases of managing my projects
Great course! Information is concentrated and well structured
Excellent to get involve in the world of project management.
very interesting and challenging course, i enjoyed very much
VERY GOOD and PROFESSIONAL.I enjoyed every single lecture 😀
Best Training ! I will surely recommend to other Aspirants.
Great course. Clear and comprehensive.  Highly recommended!
Excellent overview of project management for the beginner.
Great course. Thank you very much for putting it together!
Excellent overview. Engaging instructor. Highly recommend.
Very good knowledge and understanding of project planning
Pretty great course and the instructed did an awesome job
Has a lot of insight and value for the world of projects.
I enjoyed the course very much. So precise and practical.
very good introduction course of project management, high
Very introduction to project planning and risk management
It was really interesting. The lecturer was really good.
Thanks a lot for such an interesting and usefull course!
Excellent, clear, with a lot of examples and very visual
Amazing course, learned many thing..thank you coursera!
Great course content and well taught by the instructor!
A good start for Project Planning and Mgt fundamentals.
Love it! The information was delivered extremely well !
Very satisfied with the course. Learned a lot from it.
Very clear! It was a good initiation! Thank very much!
I enjoyed the course and it was excellently delivered.
Great course as an introduction to project management!
Great introduction to project and practical exercises.
A good introduction to the area of project management.
Excellent training module. I learned a lot from this.
Excellent Experience. Keep up the good work Coursera.
An excellent, practical, well-conducted, nice course!
Information was well presented, useful and relevant.
Simply very scientific version of Project Management
I love this course and i will do very well i believe
Embraced key PM concepts in easy to understand form.
This course is very helpful and informative. Thanks
it wass really good coursethanks ayushi for helping
Very useful, interesting and very well made lecture
Overall a great crash course in project management
Good well organized course with quality lecturing.
excited finishing this very intersting and helpful
The course covers all aspects of PM work in basic.
Very helpful content in a clear  delivery process.
I learned a lot of things about topic I selected.
A good introduction to formal project management.
Great Course with perfect and talented instructor
Very good learning experience. Thanks Course Era.
Perfect.Best of luck to the team of this course.
Very well explained, rich knowledge and good tim
Thanks to the instructor for the best efforts :)
Best Project management course that I ever have.
Enjoyed studying the course, really learned alot
Really good information, feasible in the reality
Great introduction course to project management!
Best course for project management and planning
Learned a lot about project planning management
it's a very informative course, I learned a lot
Very interisting cource. The excellent speaker.
It was exactly what I was expecting and needed.
Good learning for project plan and management.
Thanks to Ma'm. Learned a lot. Thanks Coursera
EXAMPLES AND THEORY WERE TAUGHT VERY NICELY .
Great course with easy to understand concepts
Amazing course, huge benefit.Thank you Darden
It's a great course, it went even fun for me.
This course is well done and useful.Thank you
Really it will help in my academic and career
Very good content and good learning program.
A very well structured course, gained a lot.
The tutor did immense justice to this course
Learned a lot with new aspects! Very useful.
Great first aproach to Project Managment !!!
Amazing.  So well thought out and produced!
Fantastic course. Really broadened my scope
Very rich, useful and comprehensive course.
very nice course ,with  real time example .
I learned a lot of useful information in th
The quizzes are really hard, to be honest.
Very detailed, informative and interesting
The instructor was very clear and detail.
Great course! You can learn about PM job.
Good refresher even for professional PM's
I have learn so much from the is project
excellent course i get a lot of knoledge
thank you so much for this great course.
Great course, very qualified instructor.
Excellent overview and refresher course.
An excellent crash course for beginners!
Very satisfied. Thanks for your efforts.
Good introduction to project management.
An excellent course. Highly recommended.
Great quality of classes and materials!
Excellent course, very good information
Excellent content and neatly explained.
its a good platform to learn ore n more
It was a very good course for beginners
Thanks for make me more informative ...
Very good. Good example. Very practical
Interactive & explnatory. Correct pace.
Very nice course. You will learn a lot.
Very helpful and interesting. I like it
One of the tough and important course.
I recommend this course to every PM in
It was so enjoyable and easy to follow
Awesome foundation and very practical!
Very good intro to project management.
I want to Recommend it for all people
Very Nice course. Thank you to Mentor
A great introduction to this subject!
Very complete for an initial approach
Interesting course, very eye opening!
An overall great learning experience.
good content and focused presentation
If you want to have a deep knowledge.
Thanks! a great teacher, very clear!
Really good course. Worth attending!
Very good learning in this course .
good basic concepts are dealt here.
It was a nice course, very helpful.
Love the use of practical examples.
Excellent content and great teacher
best course !! kudos to instructor
It was a great learning experience
Very helpful for a project manager
Excellent course and well taught.
it was such an amazing experiance
Good Course for Skill Development
Impressive! My first course here!
Outstanding introductory course.
Course content was satisfactory.
very interesting and well taught
his is a very informative course
Very Good and Informative Course
Fantastic course and instructor.
It is a nice
It was very helpful
Thank you for the certification
Very focused and useful course.
Excellent delivery of knowledge
Excellent course for beginners.
Very well explained and resumed
Very concise and too the point.
Awesome, and very Professional.
Thank you, It was very useful!
Very Good Course.Nice content.
I´ve already sent my feedback.
Wonderful and very insightful.
Great course about management！
Very good and detailed course
It is great experience for me
clear and simple explanations
A great course to go through
Very good e-learning course.
It was wonderful experience!
Best in town! Really helpful
Nice and very helpful course
Effective and Fun-Learning.
i really like this coursera
Very Interesting. Satisfied
Great course and I love it.
A nice launching off point!
I will finish this course.
Good course for beginners
Course content is so nice
Many Thanks, It was nice
The lecturer was awesome
Nice learning experience
Nice learning experience
It is an awesome course.
Great course. Thank you.
This course is awesome!!
Excellence for learning
Really good and helpful
Very good presentation
Very Useful training.
really helpful course
Such a great course..
Pretty good, thanks.
thanks for this help
really recommend it!
Great overview on Pr
excellent,well paced
i  am learning a lot
I love this course.
I've learned a lot!
Full of awesomeness
very nice faculty.
It is excellent!!
Good Information
It was fantastic
Loved the cource
Very Insightful.
Very well taught
Good course !!!
Perfect course
very very fine
Great \Course
very powerful
Good Material
A Good Course
I recommend !
Nicely done.
very useful!
