The course is very well explained: the teacher always managed to let you understand the most and the curriculum is very clear with examples for each case. One thing I would recommend is to extend the last week courses over 2 weeks. There is a lot of stuff to learn in that particular week and more examples should be given to have clearer understanding. The way those lessons (on week 4) are presented can sometimes be very very confusing. (ex. the "contribution per machine hour" concept).But overall, it is a great class taught by a great teacher and I highly recommend it...
It was really amazing course and quite helpful I took an other course on Coursera similar to this one but honestly this one is amazing and i abandoned the other one because that one was out of understanding even though the topics were same so teacher really matters finally loved it
Really well done. Instructor was passionate about the course, was helpful understanding the requirements for setting up plans and approval process; helpful knowing what applies to my specific situation.
There were a lot of good example problems that were very beneficial to understanding the concepts, however some of the exam questions were difficult to go back and completely understand.
The course was amazing ans well illustrated.
Great professor, key information!
It was a great adventure
Awesome teaching process
I'm really glad I took this course. It's helped me touch base with the basic concepts of managerial accounting, which I think is going to be really relevant for my professional goals. I also enjoyed the honors section where we worked on the cases like a live business problem. And of course, Prof. Luann's humorous quips during the entire course, kept the subject matter and atmosphere light (although I did find myself rolling my eyes sometimes, at the video transitions to the light boards and Prof. Luann "running", but I'm sure that was the intended purpose to make us forget the course for a moment, so full marks for that!!). I hope there can a more advanced version of this course, But then I expect that's what usiness schools are for! :P
Overall it was very helpful. i had a chance to recall and to learn new topics.Gained some new skills and that i am ready to use in my practical work.Really enjoyed the costing methods and the analysis throughout the whole course.Many thanks for the instructor and best of luck for my peers.
The lecturer has explained so well and I found myself immersed in her teaching. She is perfect for students with no accounting background (like me) to start gaining confidence and interests in accounting for managers.
this course very convenient for mangers . Mrs Luann J. Lynch is great instructor , i really love the way she taught us. thanks to her for making Managerial Accounting so easy .
I loved the courser but there are still some mistakes in the course, the most critical part is that there are mistakes in the exams (well I found 1 in Week 3). Besides that the course is great, I love how everything is explained, it's interesting that it included some real cases (the Honors part). A lot of opportunities for practicing, this is due to the fact that you need to do the exam like twice so to say because there is the practice quiz and the graded one.
This course was a very helpful introduction to managerial accounting fundamentals. I found it to be engaging, informative, and appropriately challenging for a beginner in the field without being overwhelming. The professor does an excellent job of breaking down complicated subject matter into understandable terms and digestible segments. I highly recommend this course!
This is a fun learning process. I learnt a lot and all I believe to achieve high score of this lesson you just need to be patient with numbers and use the correct logic to interpret things. But I think the lesson content needed to be a bit more rich, I only find out I have questions when I was taking the exam. But all in all, it was great!
I'm very happy to have taken this course! I learned a lot from this course thanks to the professor Luann Lynch. She is really professional and I really liked her way of teaching. I strongly recommend others to take this course as well. Coursera is the best learning platform that I have ever known!
This course has been very beneficial for all the manager who deal in costing department .It will enable to real time costing methods and allocation of cost .This course will lead me to lead the product costing department.
Luann managed to simplify concepts which i presumed would be hard to learn and she deserves immense credit that . I truly loved learning about in this course and recommend others to do it if possible .
Hi!I loved the course. The prof is so nice and deliver all information so easily and understandable even for the person with absolutely another sphere.Thank you! I recommend it 100%
Excellent course, very useful and applicable. Excellent teacher.
Some writing errors in the quizzes and exercises, but for everything else, it was excellent. I learned a lot.
I didn't receive Honors recognition although I completed all the requirements for this except it's pending from your side. Thanking you in anticipation of positive response.
I am happy to learned this course.I have get more knowledge from this course. All lectures are fabulous. I have got more knowledge related to accounts.Thank you so much
It was a great experience and all the topics were discussed very well and she has a great teaching skill I loved it a lot thank you so much....
The examples, exercises and tests ensure that the concepts are understood through and through. Further, Honors content is a definite booster.
Teacher was excellent at taking her time and talking slowly and showing how to work problems.  Nothing negative to say.  I learned a lot.
An excellent course. The teacher is brilliant, explains well and all the topics covered are really relevant for small business owners.
its a course with a very greatly explained topics. you must all do it and understand what management accounting is all about.
A very good learning about costs and my congratulations for the dynamism of the teacher that doesn't make it boring.
Excellent course, this should be a must for all project managers in order to properly communicate with CEO and CFO!
Very interesting and would love to learn more , the time was not enough for me but I could understand very well.
Luan lynch is the liveliest professor i have studied under. Concepts are clear and practise tests are effective.
good overview; ready for the more detailed explanation of C/B analysis that factors in other future benefits
The course was very helpful and has provided me with a better understanding of accounting principals.
Excellent course. I really learned a lot. It will be very helpful to put in to practice in my work.
Simple easy to complete, timely and great ability to reset deadlines to match people's schedules.
Straightforward, simple, yet provided a good overview of the basics of managerial accounting.
Very clear, step-by-step walkthrough of core concepts with great practice examples.
That was very helpful course for me. I learnt a lot of thing from this course
Concepts were well explained! I enjoyed learning throughout the course :)
It's a very useful cource for all and also very easy to learn and study
Excellent teacher. One of the best I have had on Coursera. Thank you.
Would definitely need everything I have learnt in the real world.
Learned a lot, should help me with a small business I'm managing.
Excellent material for understanding Managerial formulations.
Amazing content ! Concepts were explained simplistically.
Very useful for anyone interested in running a business.
Very helpful. I audited it and learned a lot. Thanks!
Easy to understand and recommended for beginners.
A very intensive informative course.Ana Pelayo.
Excellent course, covering the topics in depth
I thoroughly enjoyed learning new concepts.
easy to learn and comprehend the material
it was very excellent, knowledge gaining
Great and recommended course, thank you
Very Impressive and effective course.
Good technology to learn
awesome course, loved it
¡Very great course!
It was useful
Amazing Prof
