This is one of the most terrible courses on Coursera. Thank God I received it for free and wasted no more than 3 days. The instructor cannot impart knowledge well. The course itself is not meant for beginners. So be careful before wasting your time and (money). The presentation is sub-par. What the instructor writes and speaks can only be understood by him. Somehow you will be able to drag through two weeks of material. But when you reach the third week, you will realize that you have wasted your precious time. The formulas are just rushed through. And the new terms are not even explained before being introduced. If you are not fond of complex calculations, kindly opt-out. Don't believe me? Check out the discussion forums, the people there have no idea either. They just type random stuff to see what others are typing. The instructor's accent (Indian) makes it worse. And trust me, this review is coming from an Indian. I don't know what's it going to take for me to convince you, but the fact that it was pretty low on ratings on classcentral.com and other things should give you a clue. Also, I wouldn't waste so much time to convince you guys. It's not worth it, even for free! To be honest, this course makes a mockery out of Darden School of Business. Check out other courses from lower-ranked colleges, you will be surprised how fun it is to learn using MOOCs. Thank you for reading such a long review but I think everybody should know what lies ahead!
Quiz questions are filled with misspelled words, incorrect & thus confusing grammar, additional random words or letters that add to the confusion. Also, questions are vague and answers are specific and visa-versa. This makes the corse not about learning or testing one's knowledge, but instead about guessing what the question writer was thinking at the moment they wrote the question. If the material was presented with clearer communication, the quiz questions and answers used correct grammar, spelling and appropriate parallelism, this course would be educational. Until those changes are made, this course fails to be educational to those of us who are not clairvoyant.
In short the instructor seems himself packed in a heavy dust of confusion. At the very onset, I vehemently took patience in listening to what he was saying. But gradually in the week#2 module I couldn't even grasped what the instructor actually tried to convey. I myself is an MBA and work in a prestigious Indian company and when it come to analytics, I believe it should be filled up with live examples, scenarios, assumptions and calculations. To my surprise, I found the faculty was nowhere close to such epitomes. Besides, his lecture deliverable seemed mostly reading the transcripts rather than explaining. If I've to take help from Youtube and Internet to understand the BAV model despite having a course from such a prestigious brand Coursera, then I think it's better to call the day off for good.I was actually thinking to buy some of the courses, but now I've realized switching to other routes might be imminently prominent.You guys are teaching about the propensity and effectiveness of various brands in this module. I hope you all do the homework for delivering the promises that you people are offering.I'm disheartened and leaving the course mid-way. Hope Coursera team comes with concrete solutions for learners who aren't only for the certificates but also to garner knowledge.Disappointed!
The course was overall taught very poorly by the instructor who seemed to be substandard. There were no proper explanations on how one proceed with the given formulae, lot of  difficult terms used in the course throughout without bothering to explain what it meant. Not recommended for begineers, might be helpful for those who only want to revise.
As one of the fellow review have published, this course is not engaging because of the lecturer's accent, weak-structure lessons, lack of conclusions/key points for each lesson, the content is all over the place about one case study and irrelevant quiz. It's a waste of time for me
That portion of CLV in week 3.  I don't know how he calculated the 5 years  CLV and then how he wrongly derives the formula of CLV for credit users. He himself told in the video that he is not good in maths, I didn't complete that course after that much confusion.
The content is very bad and there is a prolongation in the theoretical content. On the contrary, in the applied content a little jumps from important definitions besides he does not explain, but you feel that he is just a reader..a very bad course
I haven't recieved my week 4 peer graded assignment grade yet and i am waiting for it from a month. Please please please provide me with the grade so i can receive my certificate.Please i request you to provide my grade it's been a month now.
My course was completed in June but the grades are not assigned even till today Aug 17, 2020. I did reset my course timeline once and even now it's asking me to rest again.The main problem is no customer support to assist during such issues.
I am really desperate, it is a waste of time, training without explanations 1000 different terms for one thing, complication, disorder, inexplicit, not at all clear  

it doesn't even deserve a star
I quit . there are several problems The professor does not explain some points in the lecture, some of th the quizzes do not work properly.
peer eval doesnt work and nobody checked my outputs... lost my interest after a few weeks since theres no progress on these concerns
Not very in depth. Half of the peer reviewed assignments I marked people had cheated on. Not suggested for Data Scientists.
Some videos are not full in duration. The instructors Indian accent hurts my ear. He did mistakes in several points too.
I can't understand some of the topics and has some very vague explanations. I also don't like how the quiz are phrased.
The instructor doesn't delve too much to explain formulas and methods about how to handle metrics and figures.
People are falsely giving me wrong marks in the assignment and it keeps getting hard every coming week.
I did not understand a little bit. The professor is contradicting himself and confusing others.
Vague English and Overwhelmed Quiz questions while just giving one perpective to look :/
Waaaaaay too much work. Not a break down of all parts to pryamids/charts, only examples.
In the beginning it was mentioned that it’s free course but in the end I have to pay
The practice quizzes are not constructed in the comprehensive way.
The lecturer makes this more confusing then it has to be.
This evaluators of this course seems to be quite lazy
my peer review is still not done. this is hopeless
The instructor himself not explaining well...
too basic n theoretical, unnecessary jokes
This course is much more difficult
A little be difficult for me.
course is too advanveYes
sucks
basic. Not advanced enough no real analysis to be done. no hands on activitythe whole course can be summarised with little more then the 3/4 fomula's cheatsheet + few slides +a bit of common sense.The level is similar to a 1st year marketing  major bachelor degree.
The course fails to clearly explain how to use so many of the formulas that the professor just glides over in class. The quiz was far harder than it should have been, mainly because the professor failed to properly introduce and teach students to use the formulas.
This course lacked in depth and breadth of content. It was so light and basic, it took me 5 days to wrap it up
Whilst there were some fascinating concepts taught in this course, surprisingly within the realm of branding - I found it challenging to stay motivated to complete it mostly due to the instructor's style of teaching. His sentence structures were often long, trying to say so much yet nothing at all. This translated to the quiz questions which left me confused with the answers provided. Granted the instructor thought he was being novel/entertaining by using the cameraman as an example, more often than not, his anecdotes were cringeworthy & left me just speechless. The grading system was also flawed, almost making it impossible to 'fail' a peer, even when that peer had clearly plagiarised the entire project. Overall, I wasn't impressed & won't be taking any of his or this university's courses in the future. If you'd still like to, I'd recommend to just read through the transcript quickly & lower your expectations.
The professor's joke about the vegetables and squashes are very bad jokes and becomes very annoying as the class goes one. The numbers are old and should be updated. The content is very light and the application exercises are not very applicable in real life. Peer-reviews are so subjective... But i learned a few things, so not all bad I guess
The course introduction shows that the course is based on data analytics but you need to pass some weeks to get the analytic parts. it doesn't meet my requirements and not the same as was introduced. The contents different from the quiz and every try makes the quiz questions change. That mean I never know what the correct answer was.
I feel like points the instructor talking are not well-organized. It's hard to follow and sometimes it's just full of reading (from what he already wrote down).
The principles I'm sure are highly useful, but it's poorly explained and hard to follow.
Typical university course: low level of practical understanding or usability.
Lecturer was not very clear and made the experience not as easy as it should
I dont dowloand my certificate complete please help me
It could have been better with more important topics
last week very bad class no proper explanations
Was expecting more analytics content.
The course content is average.
Difficult to follow.
Good theoretical knowledge. The program create awareness about Marketing analytics, The program could be improved with more detailed examples across different industry. It would be logical to have a part 2 where theory is applied for practical learning.
The instructor was extremely hard to understand at times due to his accent, and I personally feel topics could've been explained more thoroughly and clearly for easier understanding for the students.
Good examples for calculations are used. For the peer assignments, I try to adapt the questions to the industry that I'm working in to apply knowledge learnt to real work applications. Some parts may need to be clearer, for example, even if you are not going to go through the formula of R-squared, it will be good to inform the learners how the number originated.However, there is much disappointment in the experience I have gone through when it comes to the peer assignment as I observed many submissions to be copied from the sample report given by the course and the candidates only went about changing brand names and city name to submit their work. The copying was so bad to the extent that some of the candidates did not bother to even make changes to other variables (such as summer and winter season) stated in the sample copy when the cities they have named do not even have 4 seasons. We will really need to look into the effectiveness of peer review as it affects not only on the work put out by such candidates, but also how effective are these candidates in reviewing true good  work when they are unsure of the content itself -- which possibly signifies why they had to copy. This is eventually reflected in the scores they give others and also their remarks, which was mandatory during the peer review. True meaning of education is acquiring knowledge, not just getting a certificate. Hope the rest of the candidates on this platform understands. They will affect the value of the certificates of such meaningful courses to drop in credibility and value in the hiring and educational field.
This is an absolute waste of time if you have any background or prior understanding of marketing basics, such as what a brand is, or can reasonably guess the types of data companies have on their users. I could see this being useful for someone with little or no prior background but this is in exceptionally untechnical, seemingly outdated course teaching exceptionally broad strokes. There are also clear lacks of deeper thoughts into things as if they're rushing to check-off the topics and keep moving.If you want Marketing Analytics skills or a deeper understanding, there are far better courses on here like Wharton or one of them. This feels like an Undergraduate introductory course  from a middle-of-the-pack school with a nice guy as professor. But not worth you time if you even somewhat know what you're talking about already.
It says it's a beginner's course, but I personally found it pretty hard. I have zero knowledge of marketing, and sometimes I understood the formulas and everything, but then the questions on the test were completely different and I had no idea what to do. I think it would be good for Coursera to provide the answers for the practice quizzes if you get an answer wrong - because I kept getting answers wrong, re-watching the video, still getting the answer wrong, and I just had no way of improving or figuring out my mistake. I withdrew from this course because I couldn't progress without this feedback
Started off as a good course but eventually came with its own set of flaws. Most of the data being provided is from 2014 or so and is hence extremely outdated. Could do with some more current/relevant data. Also, some of the questions in the test are unnecessary and redundant. Be it the quiz or the final tests. Could have more of application based questions instead of questions on the theoretical parts. Raj's teachings however were phenomenal. Overall, a good course but could be much better.
It's not what I was expecting. I don't feel comfortable with the way the instructor conveys the topics of the course. On the other hand, in general, I found the content too soft (and I do not have a marketing background) so I get bored easily with the lessons. Since I am more a quant person, I was hoping to delve into the quantitative approaches to analyze marketing data but simply the course isn't designed that way. Maybe I did not read the description carefully.
Material is interesting and the instructor seems knowledgable however he does not explain concepts clearly and moves way too fast. Formulas are not provided and quizzes test concepts not taught. I spent a lot of time conducting outside research to actually learn concepts. I was also disappointed in the lack of resources for help. I wish the instructor or mentors were available in the discussion forums.
The course was good enough. It had enough problems and assignments to give a clear understanding of the concepts. Although the explanation was mostly understandable and simple, in a few areas, like in the experiments module and calculation of sales lift, it got very confusing. I had difficulty in understanding that module. Nonetheless, this course proved valuable to me.
While the course was fairly easy to get through, I wish the professor would introduce formulas in its blank form before filling it in with examples. I struggle with math and it's difficult to try to learn a formula and how to apply it to certain marketing techniques outside of the course when your only exposure to it is filled with example numbers.
It covers basics of marketing analytics and not a very advanced level. For advanced levels you may want to look at other courses on MA. The professor is good and helps gain understanding of the topic succinctly . It is good to start with but advanced knowledge will be required to better understand the topic.
The course content is not very well organized or structured, it makes the content forgetable and I always find myself missing the key points of the course. And the course material is mostly words or charts, so it's actually a bit boring. Hope the developer of this course can add more elements to it.
Quite informative but the instructor need to be more clear in his explanation. More than once I found error in his formula. That results in more confusion for the viewer. Worst part is him going overboard with squash and vegetable analogy. Please stop dad jokes.
Explanations were quite difficult to follow and exams contained questions that weren't explained properly during the videos. Questions should be in line with examples of the video classes and I felt some of them were more complicated.
I believe there should have been a little more in depth discussion and application and regression. The content of week 1 does not include any squash!! so I believe a course on analytics without numbers seemed quite weird
Assignments could be  more comprehensive and more practical tasks ensured deeper learning. Moreover, topics like CLV were not covered in detail. Else the course was good for someone will no or little knowledge. Cheers!
The course provides good background information about marketing and basic analytics methods. But there are not many examples in each module and not enough mathematical explanation for each calculation.
I wished there was more of a breakdown of how to use excel to compute R square and essential metrics for a regression line. The course seems a bit outdated. The instructor was a bit repetitive..
Brilliantly designed CourseCalculations have to be explained more Logically, especially regressionI ,being a statistics student ,could not understand the logic behind the calculations done
High level introductory course into marketing analytics, but mostly theoretical. More hands on session would be really helpful in driving the concepts into practice.
want a little bit more clarification about all thing all this tech in short but I learnt to many new things and also how to apply things which I know.
this course is great except it didn't explained the practical analytic tools. the math done and things put together is confusing
Some areas are very easy whereas some areas are very difficult. There is no alignment in the syllabus. Can look over the issue.
Very good information a little confusion with the regression it's like doing algebra but I like the course.
very basic coverage of all the topic, i was expecting some in depth knowledge for the price i have paid
More of theory and less of practical experience.  But a nice experience for beginners
the course was knowledgeable, although more emphasis could be given on explanation.
The information itself is ok, but I was not a fan of the actual "story-telling".
Compared to the other courses that I have done this was not very interesting
This teacher is not very good explaining.. besides.. he goes pretty fast
The first lessons were really good then the quality went down.
Felt that the course is too basic. Should have more details.
It has great content. A good investment of your time.
Should have been more practical in terms of hands-on
less relation between course content and Quiz
a bit complicated after 3 week onwards
Interesting, and helpful.
Not bad by the now
I am so impressed with this course! Professor Venkatesan explained the marketing concepts analytics tools, which previously were difficult for me to understand, in very simple terms and suing multiple relevant cases. Also I am very happy with how the quizzes are designed because they motivated me to keep trying until I understood the concept. The questions really tested my understanding and I was really grateful for that because I feel I truly learned. The only thing I hope could change, would be the feedback and grading system for the assignments. Understandably as it is an online course, I do not expect the Professor to grade and give feedback on them. However I would still appreciate if I could see any sort of feedback from faculty that would help me judge my performance on the assignment as well.
The course served as a good start for me into analytics part of marketing. However, I do believe those were basic stuffs but I am satisfied with the course content, ease, duration and its introductory approach. I am hopeful that this course paves way for analytics enthusiasts to work in the marketing domain. Further, the course could include different levels of difficulty that a learner could select before beginning any assessment or after completing one. The problems that I faced in the assessment were easy to solve but I understand there are learners without a quantitative educational background and therefore, having different difficulty levels could help in addressing larger chunk of learners.
While slightly difficult the professor did a fantastic job of adding humor to make the class more engaging.  He started with the general principles of the course material to give us a basic understanding and then followed it up with with the reinforcing technical knowledge of the equations.  My only complaints are the information comes at you very quickly and when complex requires rewinding several times to understand.  Also I wish some of the work was actually linked to some analytic software to get a real feel for what the interaction would be like in real world situations taking the information directly from the dashboard and implementing it into a strategy.
The course is designed very well and structured in an appropriate way.  There is lots of new information and practical examples.  The interviews in the end of the course are of particular interest.  Not so much math, although several quizzes had interesting calculations questions.  Some videos are long-winded, some minor ideas are repeated several times, and sometimes the jokes about vegetables and the cameramen seem odd.  I am not a native speaker and it was hard to understand professor's accent.  Overall, I recommend taking the course and expanding the knowledge in the field.  The course does not require prior deep knowledge of the field.
I am really thankful to Coursera and University of Virginia for creating this course. This course really helped me gain a lot of knowledge about how to value brand equity ,customer lifetime value with the case studies of Snapple,Netflix and IBM. With marketing experiments i got to know about how to measure effectiveness of a campaign. And last and very important i.e. Regression analysis learned me about how to predict consumer behavior and how it connects to economic significance. I am certainly grateful to Raj Sir for teaching me this course.
In my opinion this is a great course to see whether you are interested in the broader field of marketing analytics. You are introduced to many concepts used in this field and get an idea of what some of your responsibilities would be. One thing I would have benefited from is an idea of what kind of software/tools are used to do this work on a daily basis. I am curious about what taking this the next step would be and imagine it would be learning how to use one of the common tools to do this work in industry.
I went into this course expecting to crack Marketing analytics problems- say how Nescafe ads affect sales, or package influences purchase, or how is market share impacted etc. While this isn't as in depth and more of tickling the fundamental levels. It's interesting to learn concepts like CLV, brand valuation models and setting up a common footage with them all! I think overall a good course for someone to understand how and why analytics in marketing is needed than what analytics is needed...
This course was really useful and effective. The content is well prepared for beginners and folks whom do not have any information about Marketing and it is great opportunity for them to get a head start. The instructor, Dr. Venkatesan, was cool and superb and also knowledgable, but the only problem which made me a little annoyed was his accent and it's the reason why I rated this 4-star. Overall it's a great one! Try it!
It was a great course for introducing the world of Marketing to a beginner/novice. With the right mix of concepts and sufficient mathematical backing to hold the intuition, it provided a great experience overall. The professor Raj has a vibrant and cheery personality and uses humor and breaks to supplement his methods of teaching. Had there been more practise problems for solving, it would be great!
Good introductory lectures on the topics. However, as Raj repeatedly makes clear his arithmetic is terrible and thus misleading in many places. If the lectures can't be redone, at least an updated formulary with correct formula should be provided. In many places when he means percentage he uses fraction and viceversa. Otherwise, the course material is all good and informative.
It was very simple to understand after a while, however, if you're a newbie to marketing and if you think marketing is only selling your product then you're very mistaken. At least I was. I would recommend before enrolling into this course you study at least something before enrolling. Also, do get yourself some paper and pens because you'll need to write down some formulas.
The course was overall very good. It was extremely knowledgeable. But the tutorial on 'Projecting Lift' could have been a little explanatory given the questions that were asked in the quiz. I took down all the notes and took the course very seriously but while doing the quizzes when I referred back to the notes from the lecture I thought I am not getting a clear picture.
This course provide very good understanding of Marketing Analytics. The syllabus is designed so well with precise concepts. There are case studies as well which helps to enrich one's decision making skills. There are nice brand examples provided in the course like Snapple, Etch A Sketch and Betty Spaghetty. Overall I enjoyed, learned and developed new skills.
I want to say that the curriculum for first 3 weeks are easy to understand but in 4th week and 5th week a beginner will not understand the concepts  like regression analysis,Breakeven units,lift,contribution margin  so precisely. If the consult faculty  add more key elements and examples to make understand to us...then the course will be a icing on the cake.
The instructor should provide more resources and slides for students' better understanding. As a beginner in the field of Marketing like me, I felt confused in some parts because of inefficient resources and explanation. So, I believe that if you could provide more resources, it would be very excellent! Thank you for your hard work, I really appreciate that.
It is a good course however I personally felt that some places it needed to explain things further. I like to understand a topic while going in depth, here I felt the lack of it while dealing with different topics. Some topics were explained nicely but the course is not supported now and there were no replies in doubts section from teachers side.
The professor was great! Easy to understand. Loved how I could pause my course when I needed and resume anytime that was convenient to my schedule. I learned a lot about what it takes to make a good marketing decision. Hope to use what I learned in real life marketing experiments. -Josephine Fermanian Founder of Mother of Innovation
The course was great, it gives me a whole more understanding towards marketing analytic, Raj was a great teacher. However, I feel like the question, especially when it comes to math equation, the case on quiz is not very exploring our ability, rather it mostly replicating the math and the case that we have faced on the lecture.
Excellent overview of introductory and foundational elements of marketing analytics.  Nice balance of concepts and real life examples.  Introduction but no deep dive into statistical concepts that underlie the analytics.  Needs to be updated for how AI is impacting the use and quantity of data in these models.
This was a very comprehensive course! Professor Venkatesan's good nature , humor and  expertise made many of the classes go by quickly! I do recommend this course to anyone looking to learn more about Marketing Analytics in a manner that is detailed and informative! Thank you, Professor Venkatesan! :)
This is a very compact course. I have learned very crucial calculations. Few times I faced challenged with quiz and calculations. This is not easy, as expected. It will be better if the course slides are more organized. Also, there should be an incorporation of marketing literature and book contents.
I would rate 5 stars if the name of the course was Introduction to Marketing Analytics, since it doesn't go in depth in the matemathical concepts or the reason of use in certain parts of it. Either way, It is a very good course to open up about different ways to doing marketing analytics
Class was wonderful and very insightful.  It was challenging and I had to work very hard.  The only negative, is no access to a professor, mentor, or any other class governance to help you out with questions.  Teachers never respond to emails or questions. Otherwise, highly recommended!
Great course! Was productive despite being concise. The faculty made it easy to understand and grasp the concept, while adding a fair sense of humour to keep the motivation levels high. A good recommended course for anyone who wants to step into analytics in the marketing side.
Some things are not explain so well, and that have a big impact during the course, and in the exams application along the course, but besides that , for me, that course was a good challenge and i learn a lot with Raj, a special thanks for all the crew and eat your vegetables!
I found this was a well-organized fundamental course, despite my slight disappointment that I wanted to gain more knowledge and concepts on some other analysis methods. If you look for analytics course that focuses more on tool or skill, this is not the one.
Extremely useful for beginners. However, it does require a basic understanding of marketing. My recommendations before starting the course1) Brush up basic math2) Brush up basic marketing 3) Get access to Google Analytics (Demo Model) for practical learning
This is a good course in terms of content, but the testing and quizzing is quite relentless. A long practice quiz before every graded quiz just takes too long. Raj is a great teacher, but this course is for people who have a good math ability already.
The course covers all the part of marketing which is really reqied to understand the senario of the market. the faculty member explain it in a very well manner.i like the activity also which they give.over all course is too good and intresting.
It is a nice course for conceptual knowledge on Marketing Analytics. Very nicely delivered by the professor and easy to understand the concepts. i would recommend this course if you want to learn the basic concepts of Marketing Analytics.
I had a lot of fun learning this course. The instructor is very active and tries hard to explain all the aspects of marketing analytics, but it has some points that are hard to understand, maybe it needs more examples. Thank you so much!
Easy to understand and applies to the project you are working on. Explains why you are doing certain things and what extra can you do when you are working on a marketing analytics project.A good course to get your basic clear..
I would recommend this course for beginners in marketing and Professor explained every detail of the concepts clearly. I really enjoy and learn different concepts of marketing analytics. Thank you for offering this course!!
Challenging enough though I felt like he could have delved a little deeper into some aspects....too much surface knowledge and generalization. All in all, a good intro for those looking for an introductory overview of M.A.
Requires a bit of fundamental understanding of statistics to understand and follow better with the course. Some concepts are a bit difficult to understand fully while the math part is rather straightforward and simple.
Really interesting and practical insights gained through this course in the marketing arena! The real life scenario from the specialists shared is very interesting in terms of the applicability of analytics concepts.
The course describes very well the quantitative aspect of marketing. I have learned how to calculate brand equity , Customer Lifetime Value (CLV) , how to design marketing experiments and perform regression analysis.
The course was amazing to take part in. Learnt a lot and was challenged throughout the lessons. The facilitator was very engaging. I would however reccomend shorter modules each week to ensure maximum concentration
Thanks, it made me think in different aspects. However, I don't like how the assignments operated. It is so easy to cheat someone's assignment and someone even cheated my assignment. It was not a nice experience.
Proffessior is really nice and got so much information here. Loved the course although it could be more centric to brands and there should be more case study i feel. But it's fine overall it's great learning.
I like the course in general, but I think marketing analytics will have many more contents than this course contains. Also, some of the calculations in this course are hard to follow. I like the assignments.
A useful course which answered most of the basic questions I had before entering this course. I like the assignment & quiz segments as well, which allowed me to internalise the concepts that were taught. :)
Raj is an entertaining and knowledgable teacher who made this course easy to understand and enjoyable. He uses real world examples and introduces a number of skills, which have inspired me to study further.
Very interesting, very interactive course. I have learnt a lot of new concepts in marketing analytics and it accentuates my willingness to continue my learning in this area. Thank you for the great content!
Good course. I liked it. This is my first course in online. I had good learning during covid 19 pandemic. Thanks to Mr.Rajkumar,  University of Virginia and Coursera platform to do this course successfully
Great Balance of Theory and Practical Understanding. Considering there is a lot of data generated in this world, this course is great  to learn on the uses of data obtained from Marketing process
This is a great and engaging course to learn about brand equity, brand architecture, CLV, marketing experiments and regression analysis. However, not a complete guide for marketing analytics.
It's a very interesting course. demands study and it has some real life examples that may be really useful. Nevertheless, it could work on more actionable tools for the daily management.
The course gives a very good outline to the basics of marketing analytics and its applications. Not time consuming and application oriented. Would recommend it definitely for starters.
I feel the concepts taught are insightful but the professor was not able to convey them properly. I had to google / watch additional Youtube videos in order to get the concepts clear.
This is a tedious course with real hands on experience. Kept me on toes with challenging concepts and quizes. Great  and challenging experience on the whole. Thank you very much Raj!
It would be better if prof can provide more updated (it is 2020 now) practical (some lecture is just a brief introduction, I would like to learn more about how to use it) knowledge.
Its a nice course where we get insight about different strategies used in marketing to calculate sales and how to increase the sales using previous data with little bit of formulas.
The Professor is very humorous and the content is very close to the topic and very useful, practical for audiences. The given examples are quite clear and easy to understand.
super effective ways of learning with raj. Clear explanation and to the point. Helpful quiz and examples through out the course. maybe less peergraded assignment be great.
Very good Course In Marketing Management. Covers all analytical aspects of marketing with real world examples. A must do course for someone who want to practice marketing.
The Materials of this course were good and somehow new; however, the professor's method of teaching was weird! maybe he thought the average age of the audience is 18-20!!
Great tutor and topic. I think a few words can be enhance with daily example like regression calculation. Overall it was great experience to be here. Cheers to vegetable
I'm giving it 4 stars because there are parts that seemed a little bit rushed. The course could have accomplished much more if some details were explained in more depth.
More practice Questions should be there. Also the week-4 content is not that clear due to lack of exact differentiating words. More examples should be included in that.
this course teaches you lots of things. Especially for the people who relate to the marketing and sales field. I enjoyed this course a lot and learned a lot of things.
Very good! Some maths aren't fully detailed so it's hard to know some of the mechanics used but overall this course gives very good insights on Marketing Analytics!
Good instructor. He explained the concept well, but he needs to demonstrate how we can apply it in real life. He needs to make the calculation part easier to learn
course is awesome but it could be more analytical. more algorithms could have explained in addition to regression. Over all its good. waiting for my certificate
Some of the statistical data could use more explanation. I assume a student-professor Q&A portal is not very realistic, but would be useful if able to be done.
The professor is a lot of fun! The course has some basic concepts, but some of them I found too superficial, I'll have to study them more before using at work.
Well structured course with solid content. Helped me get a basic idea to persuade and study further.The squash idea was awesome !! Thanks for the course @UVA
I would love it if they refreshed this course for 2020, but overall it was interesting and provided really good background knowledge on Marketing Analytics.
The Course was nicely designed and covered all the important aspects of the marketing analytics. The teaching style of Raj sir is simply awesome
The course was really insightful with a nice blend of marketing & analytics.Really enjoyed learning and had a great time attending this course.
İts very suitable as a introduction into marketing. However, if the course context will be expanded in any way, it will make better this course
Very important platforms for online certification courses, experimental, effective and qualitative and quantitative approach .................
It was great to get basics insights into various marketing analytics tools and terminology.  The course was well-paced and structured. Thanks.
Superb course &all topics are nice explanation specially math; course can be made more longer may be of  7 to 8 week to cover other topics.
Most of the material is fun and well explained except experimental design, where the concept of break even lift is not clearly explained.
the content was alright, though it could have been made  better by including more examples from the digital world rather than olden days.
The content is very relevant to understand Marketing Analytics. The course is presented through a good enthusiasm, humour at a good pace.
A bit on the easy side for marketing professionals but engaging videos and good exercises that actually forces you to learn the process.
It was a very useful course to brush my marketing skills as well as learn analytics to measure the effectiveness of marketing efforts.
It was very helpful to learn the basics (even though it didn't look basic) of Marketing Analytics and learning how to interpret data.
because there is always a possibility to do better or may be because i don't know what else should be included. But great course.
This was an amazing and challenging course. Perfect for those who want to add more knowledge about various aspects of marketing.
Going good So Far.. Only issue is we did not discuss how we arrived at the numbers shaded in green. Like  R Squared and P value.
The course had very practical touch to it. Prof Raj is very adept at explaining idea in a manner that it sticks in your head.
Useful, would be interested in taking a further course about R programming in sentiment analysis and regression modelling
Good intro course to marketing analytics! Professor is a little goofy with his squash, but it's endearing after a bit.
This course covers a lot of topics of marketing analytics. A very informative course and good assignments at the end.
Gives enough knowledge to kick off in marketing analytics. Could have been more thorough. Thanks Raj for the effort.
This is basic 101 course on analytics, useful but need to take more courses and data analysis to work in industry
IT WAS A GREAT EXPERIENCE OF LEARNING ON THIS PLATFORM AND I ATTAINED A GOOD KNOWLEDGE ON MARKETING ANALYTICS.
I couldn't understand fully the math in week4 and week3 . The instructor must explain it in a more simple way.
Really enjoyed the course and is a great overview of concepts of using numbers to quantify marketing efforts.
Raj is an awesome instructor. This course provided a lot of insights about real world marketing analytics.
It is very useful . It explains the things in the manner that we can easily understand. Thats sounds good.
Overall a good course. Offers a lot to learn. However some imp topics must have more detailed explanation.
Great course with amazing examples. Thanks it was great learning different aspects of marketing analytics
never learn this,  a basic understanding of marketing. a lot of real examples show the marketing, thanks.
Great time investment for marketing Analytics with professor raj sirThank You sir for your valuable time
The course could include usage of tools and more depth into analytics - logistic and bayesian regression
A great course for beginners to learn and start with. Engaging videos and discussions. Loved the course.
Great course to learn the basics of Marketing Analytics, especially the last chapter. Great professor !
Course is pretty good. Worth investing 5 weeks into it. Content is clear, concise and well delivered.
I enjoyed the topics studied the assignments were helpful in reviewing the subject of lessons taught.
Fun materials and practical assignments. Love the metaphor of numbering difficulty with such humour!
Slightly difficult course, but the professor keeps you engaged throughout and learning is wonderful.
The course is quite interesting, and the teacher explain the knowledge very clear. Learn a lot !!!
I like the course, it was very helpful because I did not have a formation into Marketing Analytics
The informations and knowledge is so good about Marketing Analytics. I am Glad toknow about this.
being a marketing student this course helped me lot to understand and clear my marketing concept.
Good course with a fun lecturer! A minor 'but': the numeric parts of it can be made more precise.
Really nice. So honored to study this Marketing analytics and excited to apply in the real world
Good! You will learn the basics of Marketing Analytics. I would recommend it for beginners.
way of teaching of sir venkatesh is good. he was very humble and polite during all lectures
content is good, but regression topics can be explained little more descriptive and simpler
instructor is good but sometimes things show up on quiz that were not covered in lectures.
the course was very nice and the tests were also effective enough to test our knowledge.
Well, thought!! The teaching was very good. The information was innovative and useful.
Great course and learn a lot about market analytics and also the real time challenges.
Great overview to marketing analytics and some key methodologies to implement them.
I really love the concepts touched in this course, basic yet quite significant.
Really enjoyed the practical examples that the prof took us through the course.
Learnt a lot on Marketing Analytics and will try to implement it in real world
I liked the course but I don't suggest it for a marketer at a beginner level.
The course is a basic yet powerful course to understand Marketing Analytics
Good for someone who is in the very beginning stage of Marketing Analytics.
Should include more practical examples. Overall it was a great experience.
A quick journey through the world of Marketing Analytics. Nicely designed
Well explained. The study material provided is brief and informational.
this course is really helpful for those who study marketing first time.
I liked this course very much. Best part of this course was assignment.
i have a concentration of teacher face and voice and also undestand
Lot more expected in regression analysis. Rest contents were great.
I would suggest supporting the new terminology with more examples.
course is fine but the sums can be discussed in a more better way
Said course is a good starter to for learning Marketing Analytics
It was an absolutely wonderful course. Too many things to learn.
I enjoyed this course and would definitely recommend to others.
excellent approach to tracking marketing campaigns' performance
The course is really amazing and the teacher is also very good
The concepts explained are good. But it could've been better.
would be better if i get hands-on practice on the regression
Really nice course and worth the time and stress to complete
the course structure is but it should be more collaborative.
Good Course for those who want to learn Marketing Analytics
wish they taught us R-programming and how to do regression
I wish there were more analytic exercises for every topic.
Quite useful to learn to measure how important a brand is.
Good course! Well explained and assignments are just nice
It was really a good course, I've learned a lot from it.
The professor was really engaging and fun to study from!
Very good presentation of the topics by the facilitator
GOOD COURSE. GO FOR IT. THE INSTRUCTOR SIR WAS AWESOME
Excellent materials and method of classes and lessons.
Great primer to prepare for deeper analytical courses.
Great and tasking lectures. The package was worth it.
Course was good but it got little boring in between
Great experience to learn about Marketing Analysis.
This could have been more elaborate and explanatory
Very helpful in every way. Had great time learning!
It was quite an informative experience. Thank you!
Excellent approach, only needs a bit of polishing!
Absolutely nice and understandable weekly classes.
Good learnings about CLV, Brand Equity, Regression
Good explanation with a number of real-life cases.
A must for the beginners. only add more examples.
Learned a lot about marketing analytics, thanks!
Good start for the ocean on Marketing Analytics!
Was good... I would like to see more "Analytics"
This course is really amazing and mind blowing.
Very easy introduction to marketing analytics.
teach so fast and don't have PDF for learning
EXCELLENT !!! ONE OF THE BEST COURSES. THANKS
Excellent overview class! Highly recommend!
good introduction to marketing analytics
More content would be more beneficial.
This is very useful course. Thank you
Very good course . thanks to Raj Sir
Good Beginners course For Marketers!
A good course on marketing analytics
nice course explained in simple way
very informative , good instructor
great course. Very well explained.
The concepts were well explained.
Good Topics and learnt the unkwon
Very good course and instructore
the course is good for beginners
Material could be more detailed.
Good and Interesting Course....
good explanation in the videos.
A really very intuitive course.
Very informative, very useful.
Amazing Course for a Beginner.
very helpful I learned a lot.
A perfect practical package!
good course,Learned a lot
thanks for your support.
Tedious but interesting.
thnks for ur support sir
GGood intersting course
Where is my certificate
GOOD & NICE EXPERIENCE
Great starter course!
Enjoyed the course.
good one for sure
Awesome loved it!
It's really good
very good couese
knowledgeable:)
GREAT COURSE
thank you..
A very good course. If you are a beginner, excellent knowledge gain. If you are a veteran, brilliant refreshing of important concepts and key market indicators. In short, a course worth doing.
I have reached week 4 of this class, and so far, this class has helped me a lot. It's not an intensive class, but for a beginner like me, this provides me with an overall grasp of the field.
1.Excellent way of presentation of topics, i.e., minimum one minute and maximum 9 minutes are used for presentation. 2.Very clearly and to the point explanation with smiling face, which made us to listen properly and creates interest to search the google for value addition. 3.Course covers from the basic of marketing process to using simple, multiple, dummy variable regression and up to the log log regression clearly.4. Mr. Rajkumar Venkatesan is an excellent teacher. He is the man of humble, positive and gentle attitude and teach the subject in joyful way. Excellent course teacher
It is a fantastic course. Before taking this course I only thought that marketing is all about theoretical and survey based. After going through this course my outlook has changed. Marketing has so many analytical and mathematical issues like brand value calculation, regression analysis of marketing, customer life value calculation etc. All these analytics really provided me a better insights on marketing aspects. Special thanks to Professor Rajkumar Venkatesan, University of Virginia and Coursera for offering this course. Highly recommended to those who wants to learn marketing analytics.
I am really happy and proud of myself to having completed this course which i really anticipated to finish. It gave me an insight into how various tools and guidelines are being made use of by marketers to measure or assess the effectiveness of marketing spends. The concepts of Brand Personality, Marketing Experiments, ways of conducting marketing analytics, regression analysis have all added a whole new dimension to my understand of Marketing. As a sales professional i can only say that i feel enriched and blessed to be able to learn so much in such a simple and fun way without the need to shell out huge money.
This was a good and challenging course.  It really gave me the basic foundations of marketing.It challenged me to think and I enjoyed the projects that were incorporated to give hands on training.
An amazing course for anyone who wishes to know how analytics plays a role in various aspects of marketing. The modules centered around marketing process, branding , CLV , brand value and use of regression for marketing decisions were very informative and crisp. The quizzes and assignments were extremely useful to test and apply concepts learnt in modules . The instructor Raj and his team have done a great job in making this course.
Great course.Coursera provides wonderful opportunity for  analytics  learners through the course.Well designed course packed with assignments.Just Loved every lessons of the course.Thank you Coursera.☺
I have learnt a lot. Thanks a Lot to Mr.Rajkumar Venkatesan. Very clear explanation on each and every concept. I have learnt how to apply in real time with the real time data.  Great Learning.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I now have clear concepts regarding marketing, brand asset evaluator, brand architecture, designing marketing experiments and regressions. The course has very impeccably integrated the analytics aspect with the core marketing concepts. Also, a big shoutout to Professor Venkatesan for delivering the lectures in such a fun manner, Loved the addition of squash in every quantitative episode. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wishes to pursue a career in marketing .
This is a great course for someone that is getting marketing metrics classes for the first time. I think the best part was the week 5 final quiz. I really enjoyed the fact that the emphasis of the quiz was on understanding the ideas behind the numbers and not on doing endless calculations. I do understand that in order to master the subject you need to practice the math but before that you really need to understand the concept behind the numbers (this is extremely important in all math related issues).
For a person, like me, Analytics has always been an integral part of my profession. Working on different Analytical Models and Data, I was always inclined towards Marketing Analytics. This course is well developed by Rajkumar Venkatesan Sir and has a wonderful syllabus too. I'm happy that I took the decision and enrolled myself in this course.
It was very helpful for my marketing career.The interview with the real world marketing experts at the end of the course also helps and encourages a lot. Thanks to Raj Venkatesan sir for his effort.
This course was really very well designed and it will definitely help me to interpret the marketing data and analyse it in the right way.thanks to the instructor for making such a great course.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. full of knowledge. Thanks Rajesh sir, for preparing this course
Very insightful course. Thank you very much Coursera and University of Virginia Darden School of Business for this learning opportunity with your Coursera Together initiative. Professor Rajkumar is really an expert and a great instructor. He made the learning valuable and enjoyable. The squash thing is so humorous and definitely a sign that here we are again with numbers! Haha! With regards to the syllabus, it really discussed about the fundamentals of Marketing Analytics and the level of difficulties as basis of the sequencing of the lessons is very ideal. Simplified learning of regression analysis and practical application. Marketing Design Experiment concepts. The activities/assignments let me applied what I've learned.  It was awesome. Recommended to everyone who wants to learn Marketing Analytics and use it in their Sales and Marketing projects, campaigns and investments. Worth it!
The course was very informative and is easy to follow. The professor has a lot of case studies which shows he is a marketing practitioner and shares real/sample cases that help you better understand the concepts taught (not just theoretically). He also supplemented the class with interview/talks with professionals who make use of ROI, Media Attribution and Data collection and they share their advise to students from their own experience. I truly enjoyed this course and learned so much. I have recommended it to my friends who are market research/consumer insight practitioners.
This course taken by Prof. Venkatesan is really good. I learnt How to calculate brand value, CFM and to structure a marketing experiment before and after the lauch of the product. The regression module could have had a little elaborated since many one doesn't possess a  huge knowledge about regression. The interviews of eminent marketing personalities were also helpful to gather a lot of knowledge like the implementation of data analytics in this field. the overall course is very good and the teaching style is impressive. Thank you.
I enjoyed this course very much. I actually used to look forward for the next class after finishing one. This course will be helpful for a beginner like me to understand the basics of marketing analytics. Although I wish we could cover more (in details) in this course, this course cover everything it promised on it's intro.  Mr. Rajkumar Venkatesan who is a very knowledgeable teacher made every class fun. I enjoyed his "Vegetable" classes most. Looking forward to do more courses/classes with him.
I've learned a lot about marketing analytics in just 5 weeks and, though the topic is quite complex, it was an enjoyable and enlightening experience for me. For someone who can easily get lost in numbers, I was able to follow the computation thanks to Raj's step-by-step process. Sometimes, it could be confusing for me, especially if more numbers were presented, but I love that I could get back to the lessons several times for me to review and understand at my own pace.
Thank you for this wonderful course. I have learnt a lot about brands, marketing experiments, and regression analysis. I know understand brand architectures and can calculate brand equity and customer lifetime value. I have had no previous knowledge of commerce and I was really afraid of maths, but the way Professor Raj explained the concepts and made the maths easy has made me more confident in my skills. Thank you again sir for this wonderful course.
If you want to learn some real deal about marketing analytics then you should definitely enroll in this course. This course brilliantly blends different tools from statistics, accounting, and economics and uses to measure marketing efforts. This course will give you a glimpse of how marketing campaigns are measured and decisions are taken based on that data in the real world. I really enjoyed learning this course.
Very helpful and extremely relevant to the present context. As a market research analyst, it deepened my understanding of the many marketing terminologies and jargons and also helped me with my job.
Exceptional professor leading a course on top-priority tools for marketing.  The selection of topics and the thoroughness of their explanations is outstanding.  And although this course is mostly about quantifying many of the intangibles behind marketing, the professor proves himself a sympathetic and warm teacher of bloodless mathematics.  My only criticism concerns some ambiguity around terms: for example the term "log" may refer to 'log base 10' or natural log, base 'e' and this was not clear for me in the presentation. As a suggestion, it would be great if there were a Marketing Analytics II, taught, of course, by the same wonderful professor, Rajkumar Venkatesan.
Thank you so much, that has been an awesome update on my ten years marketing skills... balancing the long and the short term analytics of all marketing activities is key to evolve in this -technology driven- future of ours... THANK YOU professor Rajkumar Venkatesan to lead me through brand architectures, designing experiments, measuring customer lifetime value and regressions in such a pleasant and constructive way. Also all other people involved as also the study fellows in our WhatsApp group that supported each other along the way without telling answers. GREAT!
I was extremely new to marketing when I took up this course. I think I can safely say, that after this course, I have developed an intrinsic understanding of basic marketing terms, and I did so in an engaging and fun manner. Professor Venkatesan did a brilliant job to keep us interested in the subject, and the results are pretty evident. I loved the course.P.s. Professor if you read this, maybe the math could be more extensive. I'd love to learn more about the fundamental calculations and analyses that you mentioned.
Raj made what could be a stale topic rather fun, and he will make you eat your vegetables (you'll see). However, he skips over some elements that you may have to figure out in the practice quizzes. There are two peer-reviewed projects that a lot of people seemed to not meet the requirements for or plagiarize the professor's examples, then give bad marks in return for quality work because we all review at the same time. That's unfair, but I still enjoyed the course and learned a lot.
Great introduction to what goes into Marketing Analytics. The five-week course goes through different topics in an easy to understand manner; it gives a great basis to anyone who's interested in the topic. The quizzes and the two "essays" (one is creating a brand architecture for two different brands and comparing them, the other is designing a marketing experiment) were just difficult enough that you were forced to truly understand the course material before attempting them.
The Course is really good, and helps you increase your knowledge as well as your skills. As nothing comes with perfection there are a few things that can be improved like a better understanding could be given on why things are done like that rather than telling to do so. eg break even lift is really not clear to many people and the forum threads doesn't really work always as nobody knows. The faculty should also check forum threads time to time. Overall its q great course.
I would recommend this course to anyone who is looking to learn some high-level methods of assess a business' value, customer value and product value. The course also provided methods of measuring the bottom line contributions of previous, current and planned marketing campaigns; and approaches to A/B test these campaigns. Lastly, I would recommend purchasing the book that professor Raj Venkatesan co-wrote to gain a more complete understanding of Marketing Analytics.
It was a wonderful experience and great insights into the field of marketing analytics. Any amateur who's new to the field of marketing can learn this very easily. Although it's not designed for industry purpose, it provides deeper insights with industry led examples. The course was never boring and I'm ever grateful to Mr. Rajkumar Venkatesan for walking me through this course. A very useful course for one who wants to gain better insights on Marketing Analytics.
Very Informative and insightful course, i gained a lot of information with regard to types and techniques of analytics, measuring CLV and brand architecture, etc. This course provides you in-depth knowledge with various assignments and practice quizzes conducted over every week. I want to thank Professor Mr Raj for helping me out with various illustrations and videos. Overall an amazing course provided by Coursera,don't miss this opportunity. Thank You.!
Really had fun in this course! I liked the peer graded assignments and the interactive questions in the videos. The instructor was very enthusiastic and fun as well. It helped me lighten the burden of studying numbers!!! :) Overall, I recommend marketers to take this course. It's always better to know how to understand the data when we do campaigns, otherwise, it's like walking towards a cliff with your eyes covered. Well done Prof Raj :)
A very comprehensive course, it covered almost the whole syllabus of marketing analytics and in a very fun manner took us through all the difficult part. Raj is an amazing trainer who keeps the audience engaged in his talk and keeps them interested in the topics being delivered. Overall an amazing course, i recommend everyone who wants to get to know about marketing analytics to go for it. All the best Raj, you've been awesome!
This is one the best course on marketing analytics which I ever studied. I have learnt many new concepts and got a numerous research ideas in Indian context. The segment related to brand equity, CLV and Marketing Design Experiment was very fantastic. This was very fruitful session for me. Thank You for offering this course ..Vipin Kumar Meena, (PhD Scholar,Delhi School of Economics, University of Delhi, India)
Extremely valuable course, in the going market environment where big data is changing the way of how companies performed in past. learning analytics is going to provide real help in the future job and the changing  dynamics of how companies analyze data and take actions. The Teacher is super awesome, very polite and friendly way of teaching and providing the key knowledge. Thankyou SIr, ThankYou coursera .
This course by University of Virginia gives you a suitable and deep insight and understanding about various topics related to Marketing Analytics. The pace is comfortable and the content is actually used in the industry. It is actually a beginner level course and really easy to understand. I'd recommend this course to anyone who's trying to start his way in the vast horizon of marketing analytics.
I would like the course to include more data rich assignmnts where students are providded with a complex data rich problem and asked to build analytics model and arrive at decision making process. The data sets could be close to real time situations. This will help them in showcasing their analytical work. Overall I developed good understading about brand architecture and marketing experiments.
The course was really good. It covers most of topics like the Marketing process, Analytics, Brand Architecture, Measuring Brand value, Customer lifetime value, Marketing experiment and finally how to use regression in marketing.  The course not only help me in updating my current knowledge but also taught me how these big companies use analytics to come with different marketing strategies.
The course was really good. It covers most of topics like
the Marketing process, Analytics, Brand Architecture, Measuring Brand value,
Customer lifetime value, Marketing experiment and finally how to use regression
in marketing. The course not only help me in updating my current knowledge but
also taught me how these big companies use analytics to come with different
marketing strategies.
Its very nice to learn through online with thorough applications .The faculty is simply superb,loved to listen to him.I strongly recommend, this course is very useful and required for any one in middle and higher executive level to understand the market, advertising, regression etc., for sale of the product in this competitive world.Once agian thanks to Coursera for bringing such cource
The instructor was great and the videos were easy to follow. I experienced my first peer-graded work here and the quizzes were challenging. The only point to improve on is sometimes parts of lessons, especially formulas can get easily misunderstood because the explanation was only for one example and doesn't tackle other possible scenarios in which the formula needs to be tweaked.
Marketing Analytics is an Introductory cum Intermediate level course for the people who are willing to get the gist of what marketing is and what are they gonna study in their full time MBA. It is a five week course and in every week there is a different topic to study. It becomes very easy to establish connection between every topic when your tutor is as amazing as Raj. :)
Marketing in depth analysis with real cases industry approach inline with models that used in real world marketing industry. Now I have better confidence to analyze my own product for the marketing based on all materials conveyed by instructor. The numbers looks scary at first, but when you know the formula is exact so the calculation result shows easier to understand.
It's a great platform to learn. Module are very interesting and user friendly. Each and everything is explained with such an ease that it clarifies all things at once. Real time and industry based examples make the topics more relevent and practical. I will recommend this course from coursera to everyone who want to do an online certification in Marketing Analytics.
This course gives a good big picture perspective of marketing analytics. It shows the student where each piece of knowledge fits in the puzzle. It also gives details about how to concretely use the taught skills. It can be challenging sometimes but the difficulty is well balanced. I am happy that I had the opportunity to take this course, I learned a lot.
Perfect course to refresh your acumen on media attributes, regression analysis and ROI varieties that influence the present age of marketing. Delivers on important components of marketing elements such as CLV, Brand Architecture management, casual research and lift calculations with real world experimentation for a thorough and sustainable understanding.
Rajkumar Venkatesan sir is absolutely phenomenal, The way he explained the concepts interaction and funny jokes sometimes always engaged me into this course. I am going to miss sir's lecture and the squash and vegetables. It was a journey filled with fun and knowledge. Thank you sir and Darden school of business University of Virginia for this course.
A fantastic course that introduced me to the world of analytics with solid basics. Seeing it being applied in an exciting field like marketing made the course all the more interesting, and provided me with sound concepts through highly lectures by the instructor and all the engaging assignments. Thanks to Coursera for offering this amazing course! 😁
+ well structured course + I am not mathematician, but all formulas and graphics were totally clear+ you learn not only through lectures and additional materials but also through tests because authors provide explanation to each question - theory at the beginning might seem quite confusing and vague but the rest of the course is great thanks
I was impressed with Dr. Venkatesan's teaching style which made the class informative and fun.  The class touches on pertinent topics in marketing analytics and explores real-world case studies.  It gave me new ways to think about topics such as Customer Lifetime Value that I can apply immediately.  I highly recommend Dr. Venkatesan's class.
This course is very hands-on and detailed, unlike other similar ones I've taken. Prof. Raj does and excellent job combining the "soft" (design, branding, communicaiton, etc.) and "hard" skills (number crunching, formulas, etc.). You will learn how to back-up your arguments with figures and analyze how your actions impact KIPs in your company
It was really great experience to be a part of University of Virginia and I loved this course so much. I think now I am able to applied all these skill of marketing analytics in my career growth. Moreover, the assignments which were provided to use our skills are really in formative and I hope I will be able to learn more courses from you.
I think this module is an excellent crash course for beginners new to marketing. You will have an easy time understanding the material if you have some basic statistics knowledge, as those stats skills are totally transferrable. The lecturer is a great speaker and I could follow the material really well. I also really enjoyed his humour.
Very informative course that teaches almost everything you need to know about Marketing Analytics. The instructor is also very easy to understand and teaches complex terms in a very non-complex way that even a beginner at Marketing would understand. Great course in general, if in doubt just take it and I am sure it will be worth it!
The content of the course was good. The material was good. I liked professor Raj a lot, his method of teaching and describing the concepts is quite good. I have learned so many things from this course. It was nice learning experience. The numerical portions of the course was tough a bit but overall it was nice learning experience.
The course was very helpful and helped me know about Marketing Analytics as an emerging tool for firms to very specifically identify key performance indicators.  It was both information and entertainment.  No words to express how Raj has helped us all sail through.  I would like to express my sincere gratitude to him for the same.
Informative, insightful, useful marketing analytics strategies for a successful marketing career. The brand architecture model was probably my favorite. The professor makes marketing analytics a lot of fun and easy to understand. All modules were fantastic and will be valuable resources moving forward. Eat those vegetables!!!
I really liked the way the course is structured. With every week, concepts were explained in conjunction with a real world firm which makes the course material in sync with real world. The assignments and the discussion forum were quite a nice experience! I'd recommend this course to everyone who is interested in this domain.
If you're looking to touch upon the various key concepts in Marketing Analytics, this course is for you. The content is laid out very neatly with enough quizzes and assignment to strengthen your basic understanding. The instructor has beautifully conducted the course with his sense of humour and fluid method of explanation.
It's my first contact with this discipline and I really appreciate that it's very friendly with beginners. They provide clear explanations and relevant examples to which one can easy relate, as the companies are well known to the public. Highly recommended for those who make their first steps under the marketing curtains
The professor was so great! Personable, funny, knowledgeable. He had great examples and insight, and made it easy to learn not so easy stuff. Hope he comes out with more courses! He broke down marketing analytics better to me than my. masters program did! Loved how he used recent companies and services we can relate to.
This introductory course gives a pretty much clear idea of the basics of marketing analytics. The practical based approach actually works if its taken seriously. Lots of examples covered and the questions are tricky. All in all I have been quite happy with the progress that I have personally made through this course.
This is a wonderful course, which helped me not only in my academics but also in managing my small business. I specially thanks to Raj Sir for his wonderful teachings and great explanation with real corporate world examples. Love you coursera for such wonderful platforms. This is possible only because of coursera.
It was a wonderful experience learning and exploring What Marketing Analytics Is? How it helps Sales?  How Marketing and Sale are Correlated? Statistical and economical analytics, regression, and many such important topics, helped me understand this subject better.  Thank You, Coursera For Providing this Course.
This class was very informative. Although I had never studied Marketing before, I got some insight about real world Marketing Analytics, which can be helpful for me as a high school student hoping to pursue a field of business in the future. I also really loved Professor Raj's attitude throughout the videos. :)
I cannot imagine a full-fledged course in this compact yet simple form. Being a naive learner in the domain of marketing, I have enjoyed the learning to the fullest. I thank the teaching team from the depth of my heart. This course will definitely open me better opportunities to gain entry into market research.
This was my first full fledged Marketing Analytic course which had a good mix of Theory and mathematic supporting it. I gained a lot from Prof. Raj's teach which was focussed, insightful and funny too. The session with the visiting leaders in Marketing was very insightful. It was a great experience learning.
This course is fantastic. I totally enjoyed this course. You will have learned the Marketing Process, Measuring Brand Assets, Customer Lifetime Value, and Marketing Experiment. You will have known how analytics is important for Marketing and Business. Really awesome one! Thank you very much, Mr. Raj, also.
I had a great time learning about measuring brand assets, marketing return on investment, and customer lifetime value. Thank you to Raj, his team, and that darn squash for getting me through it! Highly recommend this course to others looking for a refresher course or a solid intro to Marketing Analytics.
It was an awesome experience while studying with Raj sir. Raj sir itself was a great teacher who makes the course to learn as fun. Thank you Raj sir and Coursera for this great experience. As I am from a middle-class family and not having strong financial support. Thank you for providing me this course.
Excellent for those who have been interested in pursuing a career in this marketing analyst stream. I kindly request you to share certain sources of materials of data with us and for downloading software like R-sys, SAS, SPSS, etc. So that we work practically to improve our learnings to a greater extent
One of the best courses that i have taken on Coursera. Challenging, Excellent delivery and awesome faculty. Hats off to his enthusiasm. Would definitely love to take any other course that he brings up in the future. Thank you for the wonderful knowledge that i have gained post completion of this course.
The flow of the course is crafted very well. The only thing I found missing is practicals on Regression. What I mean to say is, if the practice of Regression would have been conducted on MS excel, it would have been very easy to connect the dots. However, I really liked the course!! Thank you so much.
I would like to thank anyone who is involved in realising this course and of course Prof. Venkatesan for offering and presenting this course in a very interesting way. Prof. Venkatesan brings passion and fun into the course which infects you as a student and keeps you motivated and focused. Thank you.
It was an excellent course, designed for people in all fields, eventhouh a previous knowledge of financial terms helps a lot. Some small mistakes are made on the course, please be sure to review the comment section to browse for corrections that can be made which are pointed out by the users. Thanks!
The course I have learnt is very interesting and tough, but the way professor Rajkumar Venkatesan taught is very interesting, the way he explains is very easy to understand. Thank you Mr. Rajkumar Venkatsen, University of Virginia and Special thanks to Coursera for helping me achieving this course.
It has been a fantastic experience to have been associated with a batch of 'Marketing Analytics'. The content was encouraging and engaging, and I can confidently owe a better interest in Analytics Math because of Mr.Rajkumar. Thank you, Team! Cheers to everyone involved in making this a reality!
This is the first time taking a class with COURSERA, so the experience was unique to me.  The instructor was very knowledgable, worked at a good place,. I would definitely recommend my friends to jion the course in COURSERA. I hope to have the great opportunity to attend more course in COURSERA.
This was an excellent course from content to instruction to testing. I would highly recommend this course if you want to truly understand how and why to measure marketing performance. The instructor was fantastic, and I thoroughly enjoyed his banter with cameraman Kyle and his squash challenges.
I am an MBA Agri-Business Management student and this course is considered a "must-have" with all the marketing students, it has everything from basic to the application level. It has real case studies and a lot of interesting examples which are very helpful for market research and analytics !!
Thank you very much! I will enjoy your course during all my life, I think. It was very useful and it was a window into a world of marketing. Of course I will continue to study marketing because it`s my future profession, but I`m happy to spend this time with you and your course. It was funny :)
I seems to be a basic course however both with the quizes and projects it is challenging. This course forced my analytical thinging a lot and intensify my skills on marketing. If you are having a career in Marketing, it will be a initial step to learn the basic tools of marketing analytics.
Well, It was such a pleasure to understand marketing Analytics. It was so customised that i could learn each and every concept rapidly. Thank you so much to professor who made it possible and it was pleasure that the way he teaches and makes you understand each and every concept so easily.
I learnt a lot of things about marketing such as brand evaluation, brand equity and mainly regression analysis. I will miss the vegetable from Dr Raj. I am grateful to you sir, always try to implement what I have learnt in this session in the marketing segment when the situation demands.
The explanations are simple and fascinating! I found real-life examples to be really helpful. I also foudn this course particularly helpful for my studies in university. Kudos to Mr. Raj and the team, I will really value the resources and assignments I made throughout the entire course.
The way Raj takes it off is really simple and precise to the topic. The assignments really check your knowledge acquired from the classes. The best way to acquire something out of the box to initiate your creativity in the practical field. I won't forget the taste of squash though. LOL.
The course has been so useful to me, my field of work is different but this course encouraged me to pursue marketing, Prof. Rajkumar Venkatesan is amazing & I wish I had him back in college, his students must be lucky having him as a mentor, again, thank you so much, it's been fun!
This is really a very well designed course and taught by a great teacher. It helps me to understand the need and importance of the analytical part. I never thought that i can learn the crux of marketing analytics in such a great way. Thanks Raj sir for your great teaching efforts.
Thank you coursera for providing me a wonderful platform with wonderful faculties where in i got so much of learnings and understandings from them this course has taught me a lot and gave me a deep insight into it thank you so much to the respective faculties members and cousera.
During this course I've enjoyed a lot and that squash my God. He is very funny I love him. Once again thank you so much Rajkumar Venkatesan | UVA Darden School of Business for sharing this course, I've learned a lot. And of course I will recommend this course to others.Thank You
Thank you for the encouragement when it came to maths! I do like analytics, but have been afraid of maths for a long long time. The modules, and how the concepts are explained, are easy for me to comprehend. I will need to come back every now and then to deepen my understanding!
Very knowledgeable course provided the insights of how analytics can be implemented in marketing as well. Complete package in which the practical implementation was very good. Also the assignments which were asked us to submit were the real brainstorming element of this course.
Loved the course. The fact that the entire marketing was explained in a nutshell was the USP of this course. Unlike other courses where the emphasis is on teaching the topic, this course focuses on strengthening the basics and then moving forward with the topic. Thanks a lot
Good course with well-written teaching material and challenging assigments. Although there are certain hard parts its content, the lecture was good thanks to  the well-guiding and nice Professor. I appreciate the course and hope to apply the knowledge learnt in my real work.
I am very thankful to the instructor for delivering this course in very effective way and especially for making the statistical part easier for everyone. I am very glad that i completed this course and I hope the knowledge gained through this course help me in near future.
A professor that makes the class fun and interesting, and an enjoyable subject make this course a great one. Not only did I learn some valuable and real world skills in this course, I also am able to leverage it in in future work that I undertake. I certainly recommend it!
This course provides wonderful information about all kind of market promotions going around us and how we perceive them. It was full of learning with some exciting assignments which would make sure you have a clear idea of what you are studying. Great experience overall.
The concepts, which if read through a book would've been boring, were excellently made simpler and much more interesting. The explanation and engagement were fantastic. Will continue to finish my vegetables!!!! Thanks a lot, Prof. Rajkumar for such an interesting course.
Super enjoyed the course. The teacher was enthusiastics and helpful. The Tests and examples we're not too easy and not too difficult. It was the right type of challenge. What I really liked was the usage of Financial and Marketing concepts into data. Great for beginners!
The whole course is taught in a very easy to understand language. I wish to humbly thank Prof Rajkumar for explaining the concepts, the slides, notes and quizzes. Every part of this course is designed to enhance the knowledge and appreciate marketing process even more.
Extremely superb coach guide Mr Raj,and very well course content.The course also has some trending techniques along with its execution. Besides these interviews from industry experts add cherry on the cake. Thanks Mr. Raj and team for this very well structured course.
Course was well structured and well delivered. Just what I needed to refresh get an overview of current issues and practices. I enjoyed Raj's style, and thought the "squash" to prepare us for the harder parts, was great. I would gladly take another one of his courses.
I absolutely loved this course and found it extremely valuable. Raj is a fantastic presenter, and the quizzes are challenging and useful. I have never been an analytical person, but after this course, I want to learn more and delve deeper into the process. Thank you!
Over the period of 5 weeks, the course picks 5 fundamental concepts of marketing and discusses it in detail. The best part is the emphasis on numericals which helps us to understand the application of the concepts with respect to sales numbers, revenues and costs.
Great course overall, hard metrics made simple by the professor, which is really appreciated. The only issue I had was with the audio, it sounds terrific sometimes, the voice of the professor can suddenly break and may you rest in pepperonis if you had headphones.
Very informative! Had to go over some videos a couple of times, especially when there were some equations involved. Professor is great and very engaging, quizzes and assignments really measured for understanding. Real case studies and examples. Highly recommended!
Good blending of theory and exercises helps a lot with deep understanding of the concepts taught. 
The Professor's explanation is very clear and easy to follow (partly thanks to the vegetables!). I find the course's content very interesting and useful. Thank you!
Pretty good course. The professor is extremely good at explaining difficult concepts with great ease. My second class by this professor after having attended a Darden offline class in Mumbai in November'17. Looking forward to more interaction with the professor.
The course is easy to follow and does not require any specific knowledge to be able to score high. Still, the videos and activities are relevant and interesting. I do recommend this course for those who want to get their first insights into marketing analysis.
This is a basic introduction to get to know about Marketing Analytics. It has a lot of statistics and numbers but it should be fine as long as you can keep up with the reading and calculation. Coursera is good place to learn and I really appreciate it. Thanks
This course is amazing. I really how the instructor explained the concepts, which made things understandable and useful. As a computer scientist, I gained many ideas and I feel that I can pursue new research directions. Thank you for this great opportunity!
the course is very nicely made sometimes funny sometimes serious, it never lets you gets bored. Also there are quizzes in between each video so that you do not get distracted. Honestly i felt this course would be boring but it turned out just the opposite.
Easy to follow, humorous speech, keeping updated materials. It's been a pleasure taking this course, though in total it took me almost a year to finish it finally. I can understand better about the marketing and how to estimate the marketing decisions now.
Just awesome, great content taught by brilliant instructor  Rajkumar Venkatesan sir. From marketing basics to marketing experiments, from CLV to regressions each topic and module was well structured and elaborated. Thoroughly enjoyed the journey.Thank you
Its a wonderful certification course gives you detailed knowledge of MARKETING ANALYTICS. Its make you clear how you can be a marketing analytics by using various market experiments and helps you to learn consumer behaviour with some beautiful techniques.
It is a very
interesting course and it covers all topics that one should have knowledge
about. Through this course, I have learned not only Marketing Analytics terms
but much deeper meaning of the Marketing Analytics which I always wanted to
understand.
As someone who does not major in Marketing or Economics, this course is really valuable since it is really organized and teach us from the concept, practical approach, to the interpretation of the outcomes. Thank you Mr. Raj for sharing your knowledge!
I felt like some parts were missed because the professor was trying to cut his usual syllabus to accommodate the time frame of the online course, but an overall pretty great explanation. I especially appreciated the interviews at the end of the course.
I really appreciate the efforts made in this course. The course was very helpful for me as Executive manager have an MBA, because it provides me a practical tools in marketing to improve my company marketing processes and to achieve the company goals.
Instructor is really smart in depicting the ideations which are pragmatic in nature and pure related to marketing. The best Instructor i have seen and MA being my first course, its really interesting and played with numericals with the help of squash.
Really enjoyed myself through out the course! It was exactly what I expected, if not more, with calculations involved but certainly useful in helping me understand the concepts. Great for beginners and those who are interested in marketing analytics.
I really enjoyed taking this course. It gave me a lot of new knowledge of marketing analytics, tools for measuring advertising campaign effect, building a brand pyramid and other useful practices. Thanks to the professor and the team for this course.
This course is best for those who really want to learn about Marketing Analytics. The instructor was excellent. I did not feel any difficulty to understand his language or concept.I really recommend this course to all of you who want to learn this.
Awesome course.. Thanks to Raj Sir for his superb teaching to make us understand all the concepts in Marketing Analytics.Thanks to Coursera team for providing us wonderful opportunity to learn new concepts and enhance our knowledge. Best wishes.
This is one of the best courses i've ever done.It is made sure that very deep and difficult concepts are not taught and at the same time the essential and usable matter is provided.Everyone should give it a try be it a beginner or intermediate.
I really enjoyed the lectures. The lecturer took his time in explaining the modules and makes me feel home while learning away from home. I have learned a lot about marketing from the course and I appreciate the opportunity given. Thanks a lot.
Great overview of marketing analytics topics. The M=materials are comprehensive and useful and the presentations easy to follow. I like presenter's style and I think he stroke a right balance between technical details and limited amount of time
i thoughly enjoyed the process . it was learning marketing analytics . am taking with me lot of information regarding brand personality , brand architectuure , customer life time value , and regression analysis also the marketing experiments
This course is suitable for marketingbeginner since I learned some technical skills in marketing analysis. Besides, the tutor uses practical and interesting cases to illustrate theories. In conclusion, I really recommend this course to you.
This course actually offers a lot to learn for beginners. I've gradually developed the interest in this field after such a knowledge enhancing course. Thanks to Raj Sir for making this online course interactive and interesting. Great job :)
This class is really interesting and I really enjoy taking this class even though I don't have any background in the Marketing. The instructor, Prof Raj, can deliver the material in an attractive way so that I was engaged during the course.
A very useful course for students who are just starting to learn about marketing and analytics. And within 5 week time period, I am sure anyone dives into this course will definitely take out some significant basics of marketing Analytics.
This course is fun and gives me a lot of understanding on Marketing Analytics. If you are new to this field and is interested in joining this course, I highly recommend you to join. The lectures are fun and I had learnt well in this course
I am a Data Scientist of a popular Retail Brand in Bangladesh. I am not from the marketing Background. This course help me a lot to understand the business and hope my models are doing great after learning a lot of things from this course.
So far the best course I have come across in Coursera. Prof Rajkumar Venkatesan is a great teacher who makes things simple and easy to understand through well explained examples. I wished this course went on for longer. Thank You so much.
really helped me in knowing the use of marketing analytics and how we can use it in a practical world to solve marketing related problems or to make changes in the businesses which may bring rise in our sales and achieve our future goals.
I learnt a lot about using analytics to measure your marketing efforts in order to make an informed business decision. The course was designed to ensure that one really grasps the essence of marketing analytics. Kudos to Raj and his team!
Great Insights into marketing analytics. The course modulator is very charming and keeps us the interest with varied real-life examples and solutions. Many marketing concepts are brushed up in this course along with marketing analytics
This was a well structured class with a great instructor. The concepts were explained in a simple manner along with plenty of real-life examples. Calculations and formulas were also introduced slowly with plenty of practice (squash!).
Very excellent course! The instructor was so fantastic in his ability to describe in-depth concepts in a relatable way and I feel like i learned many skills that I can apply to my current career right away. Thank you UVA and Coursera!
A very insightful course. it seemed easy at the beginning but get more complex and deeper over the sections. Mr. Raj had shown an amazing ability to explain the hardest topics, concepts and methods with much fun and easiness. keep up!
Informative, learnt a lot of new things. The act of presentation of the topics was also fantastic, as the professor kept the students engaged and had a friendly approach.  Looking forward to learn many more subjects on this platform.
The journey was phenomenal. The instructor has a really good sense of engagement with students. I highly recommend to those who have a humungous hunger for learning marketing analytics. Trust me this would be your best choice so far
A great course for beginners in marketing studies. this provides all the basic ideas about marketing and also the models,calculations of various parameters and experiments on marketing. Thank you for making such an amazing course!
Thank you very much for this course, Sir certainly helped me develop new perspectives and gain insights. Will definitely need more practice though, but making notes alongside helps. Thank you for preparing the assignments for us.
Learned the basics of marketing plus some. Understanding and knowing how to calculate Customer Lifetime Value is a must for any business. Just one of may fundamental concepts in the course. It's challenging but worth the effort.
The course was very insightful and fun. I have a better understanding on why it is important to understand the importance of marketing experiments that help inform better marketing decisions. I will definitely miss the squash!!!
I always thought marketing is all about pitching your product to the right audience but never thought that your selling could also be measured in such a way. A great course I would suggest every marketing enthusiasts to take!!!
It is really good course, all described topics are
highly important to know for everyone who working with data , information and marketing. If anyone want to know
about marketing analytics  I will recommend to join this course.
Excellent course content. Has been taught from the perspective of a beginner which made it easy to understand and further develop my interest in Marketing Analytics. Thank you Darden School of Business and Professor Rajkumar.
Content is not easy if you never studied market analytics. Professor Raj is Amazing and Fun - You will love him - Also You Gonna Learn Many Things - They Content is really important to business . Sure Recommend to this course
The teaching methodology is too good. The way the course is designed with taking real-life companies marketing example is commendable job. The problems technique were also good. Definitely recommend this course to my friends.
Great course! A very good source of information and practice exercises to understand better and fix what you've just learned. Raj Venkatesan is a passionate teacher who makes enjoyable every part of the course. I recommend!
It was a good course and very insightful, yet challenging course at the same time. Shifted from STEM background into social-humanities studies really drives my interest and willing to learn such an interdiciplinary studies.
Raj is a good teacher, he explains the lessons clearly and makes the sessions fun. The lesson plans are structured well and easy to follow. Practice quizzes are definitely helpful to align with our (students) understanding.
Its a great course to learn. I got to know many different parameters to analyze the consumer behavior and all. It gives us broad idea about the how to use the data for analyzing the consumer behavior and their attributes.
Very nicely designed course, I have about 10 years of experience in Marketing Analytics and still found many very useful tools for analysis. The quantitative part (squash time :-) is especially impressive - two thumbs up!
I would strongly recommend this course to all the marketers out there who want to learn the basic nuances of practical and quantifiable marketing models such as interpreting regression outputs, calculating CLVs, ad lifts
Learned WAY more than I could have ever hoped, my brain hurt a little at points, which I take as a great sign.  I absolutely adored the professor, he's odd comic relief and rationalization of his environment was awesome.
It was a nice journey to basics and squashy mathematics in marketing through this lecture. i really enjoyed the class and i'm pretty sure that this class will help me a lot when i enter into the real world of marketing.
It was the best experience of studying online. learning about Marketing Analytics was beneficial.I would like to Thanks Raj sir for teaching Marketing Analytics and give such a good example which we easy to understand.
This is an amazing class, thanks for Professor Rajkumar Venkatesan's great teaching. It's really helping me to learn much more marketing analytics knowledge, and now I turn to like calculating brand value and CLV. ^^b
A very informative course for a marketing aspirant. It gave me an insight of the major marketing elements and their calculations. Mr. Rajkumar was an extremely good mentor and couldn't have asked for a better teacher.
It's a very good course. Although I am not good at English But I tried and studied until the curriculum. Thank you for providing good knowledge for those who do not have the opportunity to go directly to university.
Hi Team Coursera!This was really an awesome course as far as basics are concerned. We need to add the topic "Regression Analysis" in some depth and maybe as another course as an extension of this one.Thanks,Charchit
Good course for beginners and nice way to explain the fundamentals by Mentor. Thanks to team cursera for their valuable inputs. Big thanks for our mentor as their videos helps me catalyst  in learning new concepts.
Marketing analytics course was well taught by Prof. Rajkumar Venkatesan. it was really good to learn new skill which would later help me applying the concepts that i received in future projects. Thank you coursera
A course really enjoyed doing it. The example and case study presented a very valuable and some part of the assignments are really challenging. However, part of the course looks dated, an update might add value.
This is an amazing course for someone who really want to know how numbers work in Marketing. Thank you sir for so many different insights. Looking forward to learn many more new concepts of marketing from you.
Well I have learned a lot from this course about marketing analytics. The quizzes and assignment were very tough and challenging, if one needs to pass this course you need to throughly go through the content.
Really very useful course and Mr. Rajkumar provides really informative tools on marketing analytics. as an MBA student, i recommend this course to those who are all willing to pursue marketing as their major.
A very efficient and effective way of learning, my experience through this online course was really resourceful. The tutor was clear and concise about his explanations and calculations. I enjoyed the course.
The course is very good, help me understand many new things.Raj sir is fantastic and explained the things smoothly with very good examples thank you so much for giving me this opportunity to learn from you.
It is a very knowledgeable course. I am extremely grateful to Professor Venkatesan for teaching this course of  'Marketing Analytics'  and making us understand the concepts in a sequential manner. Thank you
Informative, entertaining, and well laid out course on the basics of marketing analytics and how to apply them in the real world to optimize resource allocation. Enjoyed it and learned a lot. Recommended!
This course has taught me something which I have been always wondering why happened. The experience was great. Thank you, sir, Thank you to all whoever had put their efforts and made this course happen.
It was a fabulous course. I have learned a lot from this course. The trainer Mr. Rajkumar Venkatesan is beyond my expectations. He is so good. Thank you very much for making this course available to me.
Great course, i recomand it to everyone that have passion to learn marketing analytics, thanx Mr Raj & Darden School of Business for this amazing course, like Raj say now it's time to take vegetables XD
Awesome course that quite lucidly explains what you must know about the basics of marketing analytics! I'm not an economist, but found this course very helpful. Thank you very much for this course!
Excellent course. The instructor is really good and explains all concepts and calculations really well. The quizzes are challenging and effective. Loved every bit of this course. Highly recommend.
Thanks for providing such a grasp of thoughts about marketing analytics. The way prof presented examples, calculations are outstanding. I was naive to analytics but I didn't face any difficulties.
I learned a lot of theories and applications. Professor Rakjumar goes in-depth in explaining how everything is interrelated. The quizzes give the right balance between challenging and comfortable.
This is a very nice course that takes you through some interesting analytics concept - there is a good deal of problem solving or quantitatives involved which as marketers we need to get used to.
Thank you so much for making it really easy to understand the analytics and make marketing easier for me to understand. I have successfully completed this course and also understand most of it.
This is one of the most well explained and important certification for any marketer. Raj has explained such a tough topic perfectly in a very easy and stress free  manner. Highly Recommended.
Very demanding course, lots of mathematics! But it is nicely explained! However, the feedback culture was unefficient because people don't really care about giving you constructive feedback.
A must learn and it is totally worth it. Level is east to medium. The concepts like CLV , Regression  and others are explained in best way . 100% recommended for MBA or equivalent students.
Thank you for teaching me this amazing course. I was scared at the beginning but then as sir explained it became easier and interesting. Thanks again for making this course so enlightening.
This course provides immediate knowledge about marketing analytic. However, I think the lecture note or some citing material should be given for provide better understanding to learners.
This course just blew my mind. It really was interesting to know how some simple and abstract topics like brand value etcetera could be precisely monitored and tweaked using mathematics.
Very good course on Marketing Analytics. Especially good for someone looking to enter the field of marketing analtytics or for marketing managers who are trying to be more data driven.
Professor Raj is very nice. He explains it way that it's very easy to comprehend and not too overwhelming in terminologies. It is very useful for my marketing careerGood luck Prof Raj
It was an amazing experience to take the course. I was an absolute beginner in marketing analytics. This course surely gave me a great start for exploring more things in this domain.
Very informative and enriching experience to study Marketing Analytics with such a great and humble facilitator.Thank you Coursera for this platform which is a plethora of knowledge.
It was a good experience to done this course from coursera that what i had learned about marketing analytics is that there are better opportunities to apply the skills in the future.
This course provides great insight into marketing analytics. The module is designed in such a way that you don't lose interest. Also, quiz and assignments are engaging. Great course.
I learnt a lot from this course and this was just the surface of marketing analytics. I am going to delve deep into the world of analytics because this course has lit my interest up
I learned a lot from this course. This course really help me to understand and analyze about marketing.I learn how to Building Brand Architecture, Design a Marketing Experiment etc.
The course is really insughtfull and full of learning, I haven't seen this type of course which don't just provide you certificate but also provide learning with proper satisfaction
I was very happy to undergo the session given by Mr.Raj who was very helpful in teaching the topics very easily with no hurry. Loved the squash method he used. wonderful guide..:-)
A very insightful course for anyone interested in the marketing field. Rajkumar Sir is a very good teacher, despite being a UG 1st year student I was able to understand everything.
have learned a lot about the market analytics.the topics are well assorted and exquisitely designed.All thanks to professor Raj for his effort in making us understand the concepts
Provides a very clear and structured overview on marketing strategy, analytics and key topics. One of the best introductory course to let learners implement their learning quickly
Please don't let any fear of math or analytics prevent you from doing this course. Brilliantly simplified & made enjoyable. Relevant course as this knowledge will be very useful.
It was indeed very insightful, i am very glad i took the course on Marketing Analytic.Thanks to Raj, Squash, the Vegetable and everyone who made this online course very possible.
Great intro to marketing analytics, I wish it went into each topic a bit more in depth but it's just a 5 week course, so it's understandable. Enjoyable videos and easy to follow.
As someone who just wants to learn the basics of marketing analytics with no business education background, this course is informative, fun, easy to understand, and challenging.
Every week I had the opportunity to review my knowledge about marketing or improve my current skills and capability to analyze data. I found this course very useful and helpful.
It seems simple at the beginning but later goes on to cover many interesting concepts. The prof is amazing and knows how to keep the audience engaged. Highly recommended course.
market analytics certification is very useful for analyzing the market trends and make market design and analyzing the brand value and brand equity is important in the market.
Instrutor is witty and engaging, makes the lesson alot more enjoyable. Pace of lesson was also very good. Overall, I look forward to taking more marketing lessons on coursera!
concepts are explained clearly and are easy to understand. One thing which I liked the most is the quiz after every tutorial. It helps in learning and reviewing our mistakes.
It was one of the most amazing courses which I did on coursera I learnt many positive skills In understanding market and how analytics can help me in making positive impact.
My background is engineering and marketing is somehow new for me. But this course successfully delivered the material in a way that is easy for me to understand. Thank you!
Great course if you're a marketing manager and need to have a strategic understanding of how marketing analytics helps you measure your campaigns and make better decisions.
Loved the course content and the teaching methodology. Raj was witty and very patient in explaining the concept in-depth. The case studies and the quizzes were very useful.
I highly reccomend the course, a lot of excersise and knowledge. You can test what you have learned during the course. A lot of practical examples and real life scenarios.
A thorough run down of Marketing Analytics. Helpful for learners like me with no previous Marketing experience. Experienced professionals might find this course too basic.
Genuinely a great course to understand the basics of Marketing Analytics. Perfectly divided into 5 weeks which lets you implement and articulate the concepts at its best.
This is a good program to re look at the basics of marketing and marketing analytics. This has inspired me to learn and delve deeper into the world of marketing analytics
Very informative and interesting! Loved learning analytics. I built confidence in numbers. Amazing course,clears every little basic thing a person needs to start up with.
This is a great course. I've learned so many things. The best part about the course is that it involves assignment which are checked by peer and they give feedback too:)
The professor (tutor)  made it very easy and clear to  understand the subject. His simple english made it little more comfortable for non native speakers to understand.
This is a lovely course on marketing analytics. Well designed and 10/10 for the instructor, especially the way he explained all the topics. this is a beneficial course.
This course was the ideal Introductory material I need to explore Marketing Analytics! I now feel confident and motivated to explore more advanced courses on the topic.
the course has a nice pace and you tend to understand the concepts quite clearly. Te practice tests are made in such a manner, that you get to revise the concepts well!
It was a nice smooth process of learning starting from week 1 to the week 5. The discussion was a good platform to interact to others and the assignment was fun doing.
The course instructor is simply a great teacher. even the most difficult concepts he taught with utmost simplicity and clarity. would love to join more courses by him.
I really liked the way Prof. Rajkumar Venkatesan made the most toughest concepts easier to understand. And I will be really missing this course and its very addictive.
This course is very instructive, detailed, engaging and above all enlightening. I highly commend this course to all those who are interested in the analytics journey.
The course is well balanced in terms of theory and practical, the assignments were also very engaging. The course instructor and his squash will always be in my mind.
It is a great course for me, i gained a lot, massive math counting here, at the beginning, it is hard for me. i feel achieved after i finish this course.Thanks again.
A very engaging and insightful course filled with relevant case studies. The instructor will have you head over heels in love with the subject before you know it. :)
A great learning experience. Got an insight on the integral role of data in the marketing decisions. This course was worth spending time and efforts on. Best wishes.
Taught well by the professor, covered all the topics in very simplistic manner.Overall had fun and get to learn very important concept related to marketing analytics
Beautifully Designed and tested course. It claims to be the basic course and it does provide the framework of the Brand and marketing experiment quite well. Loved it
Was a really great course and a very detailed one. This certainly was the best online course, I have attended. Thank to Raj Sir for curating such beautiful content.
This course is really very in depth and is a good mix of solid theory and real world application. I think it's a must for anyone in advertising, sales or marketing.
Great course for good surface level and intermediate level knowledge on the basics of marketing and the numbers associated with it. I loved the regression section!
It was very information. Thanks to Rajkumar Venkatesan Sir for providing such an engaging learning. One of the best Marketing Faculty I have come across till date.
It was an amazing experience. Even complex topics have been taught with a lot of simplicity which made the course easy to understand and fun to learn. Thank you:)
the course was amazing it helps me to understand a lot about marketing and how it works. but I have to review it once more to gain better clarity.thank you  .....
A perfectly balanced course with basic insights into how analytics measures and tools can be leveraged to enhance the marketing operations of a brand and product
Amazing Course. Fantastic professor, cant express enough how amazing Mr.Venkatesan  is.  that being said, i wish there was more in-depth videos about regression.
A very informative and interactive course that gives a clear concept of marketing analytics. Thanks, Mr. Rajkumar Venkatesan for conducting this amazing course.
Amazing course. This is one certification that did make me work for it. Lots of numbers. Recommended for someone who is a fair beginner to marketing analytics.
Extremely helpful in upgrading our skills.. we learnt analytical and statistical application of the Marketing theories and strategies that we learnt during MBA
Great learning experience, teaching methods was very nice. got to learn many things and the course has helped me improve my skill set in the respective domain.
It was a very exciting and interesting course. since all the examples offered are in real-life experience, I have got a lot of understanding of this concept.
Its recommended for someone who wants to learn the basics of Marketing Analytics, the assignments are good way of learning concepts better. Overall very good
Great opportunity to learn for a beginner like myself. I enjoyed this course so much and the tutor seems chill and very goofy. Nice experience to gain with.
Was an excellent opportunity to shine myself and I thank the mentor and the Course ra platform for providing me a great opportunity to share your knowledge.
I loved the course and the way it progresses. Thank you Coursera, University of Virginia, Darden School and Mr. Raj VenkatesanI've learned a lotThank you.
The course was very informative. The instructor was very friendly and covered all topics very well. I will definitely recommend this course to my friends.
Great course, Raj explains very well all the content, The course has calculations and number but the contect is so usefull for professionals in marketing
It was beneficial to me to understand the foundations of marketing tools. I think this is a good start towards implementation of analytics in Marketing.
It was a really useful course, I liked the content and experiments portion was extremely useful for my internship. Waiting for the course certificate!!!
Excellent course, with content very well explained. It allows to clarify some concepts and deep dive in some really interesting topics. 100% recommended
Great course! I learned a lot from Raj and gained more understanding in Marketing Analytics! I'm more than excited to apply it in real life situations!
Even though brief the concepts described in this is extremely valuable and could help anyone in the business strategy realm, to attain a new dimension.
It was very interesting, informative and practice applied. I definitly will use it in my market analyses. Thank You Rajkumar Venkatesan for this course
Course content and Instructor, both were superb. I would definitely recommend this course if you wanna walk on the lane of a marketing analyst. Great!
This is the best platform to build your extra knowledge and also improve your CV and also gain a lot of things for marketing.  Thank you so much ❤️🙏
The professor was great and the course was really interesting, i honestly learned a lot of useful technics to potentially run a marketing campaign!!
It was an amazing experience, with the learning style to the assignments everything was super fun to do and especially those lengthy math equations.
This course helped me to learn various tools of marketing analytics and also helped to gain confidence in this field and motivated me to learn more.
nice course it has been. I have learned a lot. thanks to coursera to offer such good opportunities for me and a verified certification which I get.
It was a very illuminating course. The lectures, quizzes, tests and assignments also stretched my thinking.I am more than impressed by the content.
Very insightful, great peer graded assignment to develop new skills by learner perspectives. all the materials explained in easy way to understand.
Prof. Raj explained the course topics in a fun and interactive way. I thank the University of Virginia and Coursera for coming up with this course.
An engaging course that provides technical insights without getting too into the weeds. Would highly recommend. The professor makes learning easy.
Professor Raj is a great teacher! He combines both clear explanations and motivation (with the squash and the vegetables). Thank you very much!!!
A very useful course for marketing  analytics. Raj sir  offers a great time to share his knowledge  in this field and this course helped me a lot
I am a beginner to marketing and from this course ,I have learnt more about marketing analytics and I am very interested and thanks to professor.
Really a great course. Learned a lot about marketing analytics.  A must do to understand about the brand and how marketing campaign is analysed.
Gives you a landscape overview of the marketing analytics process. A good kick starter to your journey ahead in the field of marketing analytics
It was a very well designed course. If anyone wants to delve into Marketing Analytics, this is a course that one should be opting as a beginner.
It’s very interesting and learnable course to me. Also the learning and assessment methods are good. Presentation of course materials are good.
This course gives very useful insights into how the market trends work and how can we learn from the market experiments and brand architecture.
5 Stars for the Squash and the optimistic and cheery Instructor. Thanks to the Professor Rajkumar. Await a follow up course for a deeper dive!
I would like to thanks Rajkumar sir. It was an excellent course. It was like an eyeopener for me. Once again thanks for the wonderful course.
The best course and The Faculty. I have received many insights through this course and its really a game-changer for me. Thank you Coursera.
This course is super helpful for newbie like me. Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge. May your life can be more and more impactful.
This course is very useful. If you want to learn something new or something in marketing, I really suggest this course. Love ti, thanks! :-)
I really loved this course by raj sir. I will definitely watch all the modules again. thanks sir!!!  looking for advanced level of the same.
It's a very complete course, i liked the way it starts with the basics of everything so no one gets lost in the development of the course.
Great for people that has seen marketing in action or curious about what is marketing and what are all the different element in marketing.
its a course which takes you  slowly into the world of the marketing analytics and a wonderful instructor who teaches with ease . Must do
It was a good course. Combined marketing and statistics in a very informative way. Even though I am an MBA, it added value to me overall.
Excellent course that gives insight into the amazing world of marketing analytics...Thanks Raj and team for putting this together nicely!
Absolutely a wonderful and knowledgeable session. Anyone can learn from the real time examples and relate it to their marketing analysis.
It's really  pretty  experience  for me , Instructor gentleman  are really good i recommend you if you are interested to learn marketing
Amazing course to understand the application of analytics in the domain of Marketing. Additionally, an amazing instructor to learn from.
Excellent Course! The instructor is vey knowlegeable and  detailed. You would learn all fundamentals about Marketing Analytics and more.
Thank you Raj!!! This is certainly the best crafted online course I've been to. I can feel your utmost dedication throughout the videos!
This course gives me deeper understanding of marketing analytics incl. brand value, CLV, marketing experiment, and regression analysis.
Very detailed explanation about each and every topics.. best part is you cannot skip a single topic. because you have to pass the exam.
Great course in terms of simplicity and applying the concepts. Loved the interactive process. A handy set of tools to use for marketers
Fun to learn. Rajkumar sir was great in holding our attention. And ofcourse, I'll remember that squash whenever I'm stuck with numbers
Very useful and practical information to understand some key concepts of marketing analytics. The instructor is nice and pretty funny.
as a novice student, I think that marketing analytics is a valuable entry level course . thank you for offering this wonderful course.
I really liked the course and the content right from day 1 and I have learned many new things which I require to grow in my vertical.
Mr. Rajkumar Venkatesan  is a next level teacher and He has explained this course in most simplest way ever. Worth doing this course.
great course, i recommend it to everyone who wants to know more about marketing down to the numbers and its analytical perspectives.
One of the finest Courses I ever enrolled and completed! Thank you for making this course accessible in times of crisis of COVID-19.
Had an amazing experience, the way sir taught was better than other online lectures I have attended. He makes the lecture engaging.
The topics covered were very interesting and the teaching methods employed by the author were engaging and helped in understanding.
It's great one. I learn lot of things from this course. I recommend for everyone to do this course those who interest in marketing.
The course is really good. Explanation and the way prof. teaching is good. good course to have basic idea about marketing analytics
Enjoyable, many different aspects to marketing that I didn't expect. The course covers the creative and analytical side very well.
I learned so much about the approach behind the scenes in product marketing and the analysis of the process.  Thank you very much!
Mr. Raj's lecture is very understandable, course was very convenient and allows us to reset the deadline. i recommend this course.
The course presents the basic ideas of marketing analytics with a lot of examples and interesting activities. It is worth trying!
This is a very good course. I gained a lot of knowledge of marketing analytics. thank you cousera for giving us this opportunity.
If you are new in marketing or business development sector in your job field, this course is the beginning point of your journey.
Raj is an amazing teacher and a funny guy, I've learnt a lot along the way and it has helped my business ML models out A FAIR BIT
That was tough lol I actually had to put in the effort. Thanks Prof you're super entertaining too! Only reason I could finish :)
Its a great course and the best part was the squash  *you will know what that is when you start the course !!!highly recommended
Raj seems to really know about the topics, and his enthuasiast motivates you to keep going. I really enjoyed taking this course.
Very good course, in terms of learning, content and teaching style. Highly recommended for anyone seeking a career in Marketing.
Amazing course !!! I felt that the Week 4 section 2 was somewhat obscure.  But one can google it anyways. Cheers happy learning
Thank you University of Virginia, especially Raj who has delivered learning so well and is easy to understand, Good luck always
The course was awesome and I have learnt a lot from this. The examples and the narration of the concept was also very good....
Good platform for online learning, Especially the courses which are provided free by cousera is really appreciable, Thank You!
Awesome experience , Go for the course and take the golden tip and the trick of the trade. Hats off to the team and the coach,
It is a good course and it develops my insight in marketing analytics which will help me in my further career in business area
Good for newbie and this course teach you a lot of study case that will make you more undertand beside of theoritical lesson.
This course is very practical with a lot exercises to bring home the point. The lecturer was very patient and is very skilled
This course was rigorous and it really makes you think. The professor presented this course in a fun and intimidating manner.
Excellent Program with great explanation from the Professor. Thank you so much for this course. a very useful program for me.
Thank you! I have learned a lot through out the course. I would love to look forward for more advance analytics in marketing.
The course is simply amazing! Especially a lecturer who explains difficult material in an accessible way. I really liked it.
It is a beautifully designed course,with a lot of engagement at every point .The course is quite interesting and insightful.
best in class, Prof. Raj is exceptionally well in his concepts. Much needed for students like me who are marketing hustlers.
Very good course videos & materials. Practical & pragmatic ways to asses marketing performance is brought out in this course
Pretty helpful in understanding more marketing analytics knowledge. The workload is low and there's new information to get.
I could refresh and deepen my marketing knowledge thanks to this course. It'll help me great for my upcoming future career.
Designed perfectly with easy to understand & practical examples, good teaching and can't wait to implement this in my work.
Thank you to an awesome faculty and well-paced and structures course. Professor Raj sir is awesome kudos and thank you sir
This course is really eye opening for a beginner in the analytics world. The content is also applicable to the real world.
a once in a life time experience for my career in marketing, the course was awesome, effective lectures and relevant test.
Loved the information provided. Was insightful and also loved the professors teaching behaviorr, technique and enthusiasm.
firstly, thankyou. i can understand better marketing analytics. i really love how the lecturer give the clear explanation
It was good learning experience and well designed course with variety of live examples with numbers to analyze in detail.
Great MOOC, very valuable information, very useful exercises and quizzes, it will definitely come to help with my career,
The course was over and above my expectations. It kept me on my toes and very interesting assignments and quiz. Thank You
Excellent content for beginner who has few background of marketing. I learn a lot from this invaluable course. Recommend
The course is helpful in designing our career and preparing a strong CV which gives confidence in cracking an interview
Very educative course with an Excellent delivery from Prof Raj. Thank you for this great impact on my learning Journey.
The course is really great! Had an awesome 5 weeks of learning. Truly worth taking and great learning experience. 10/10
It was wonderful experience. I got to  learn application of analytics in marketing and how it support decision making.
I gained a lot through this course. The course is very well designed, and loved the way Raj helped to sail through it.
This is a great course and gives you the complete insight of the basic marketing analytics with suitable case studies.
Fantastic course and instructor. The videos are short and allow you to understand and apply the concepts immediately.
EXCELLENT TEACHING AND EXCELLENT CONTENT. THANKYOU TEACHER. I FEEL GRATEFUL TO HAVE LEARNED VARIOUS SKILLS FROM YOU.
The course is interesting and easy to learn as it is structured in small parts. Course content is clear and precise.
Our sir Mr.Raj Venkatesh is an awesome lecturer and made our sessions very interactive and the squash was superb!!!!
Gives a simple yet generous introduction to marketing analytics and how the analysis is made use of in the business.
I Love this course. I love the instructor. Everything is good and I can learn a lot. Than you for the great course!
An insightful course on marketing applications and models which are highly applicable to the industry I'm based in.
Overall, a good course with a comprehensive overview of marketing analytics. All the concepts are nicely explained.
Wonderful Course With Tremendous Practical Knowledge! A Must for all the Marketing Students or Business Aspirants.
i love how this course works! especially when it's "Squash Time" he always encourage us to go up and don't back up
This course is really very helpful to increase your knowledge about marketing and the analytics used in marketing.
This is one of the best course of my life . Thank you so much for making available this valuable knowledge to us .
Learnt very important concepts of marketing analytics which will be definitely useful in the overall development.
An excellent course. However, I would have liked more in-depth videos about the regression of multiple variables.
Loved the course! Loved the during-lecture pop up questions too! The practise quizzes indeed gave good practise!
Thank your sir.. I really learnt so many things for 1st time in my life. Never knew how all these things worked.
This is a very insightful course for business graduates. I have learnt a lot of new topics and loved this couse.
Concepts are very well explained, the design of course is very sound. Real life examples are intact accurately.
Amazing course by Professor Raj. Provides intuitive insights into the interesting world of Marketing Analytics.
This was a great course.  I learned a lot about how to determine CLV, regression models, brand equity and more.
The course was very interactive and I felt that was the best part. Besides, the case studies were really good.
It was a great time. I learnt alot new stuff and got to understand how to implement these stuff in real world.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course and my this course has made me more keen about marketing analytics.Thank you!
Great,Learning.But I feel We need practice more and more to execute this knowledge in marketing applications.
Marketing mix, classification, ROI, modeling. The instructor is good and the assignments are worth your time!
Highly technical. Use this course if you are at least 5-6 years into marketing for the best learning output.
Raj made learning fun. I appreciated the various case studies, which helped me put the theory into practice.
Very informative and thorough. We are constantly giver exercises to really understand each concept in depth.
I have learnt a lot of new things and I prefer every student to go through this course to gain something new
This is a brilliant course and I would happily recommend to anyone who is interested in marketing analytics.
It's a very well developed course. Relevant topics. Good pedagogy and expert interviews as well at the end.
Simple course with actionable insights for students to apply marketing analytics in their everyday practice
Great course. I feel like content could be refreshed a bit but very valuable points and a valuable learning
Its a must take course for who ever interest in marketing analytics. The lecture and contents are too good.
This course help me a lot understood marketing analytics and also help to found possibility's of marketing
Great course! Good exposure and not too much to take in as someone who has little experience in marketing.
Very useful and practical....just a bit difficult for entry-level learner, For example, M-net model .Dupon
The course wants to help me tremendously in the deep marketing and also the concepts needed in marketing.
Awesome course it push you to learn, quiz section demand every thing you learned..One of the best course.
This course was great but sir you must look at the peers reviews some people are not taking it seriously.
Quality Study Material, Quality Education, thanks Coursera to made available such platform for every one.
Raj is a great instructor, all lessons were set up well to keep the course interesting from start to end.
The course content was well structured and delivery by the facilitator was simple and easy to comprehend.
Very concise and to the point. Relevant concepts. Engaging teacher. I also enjoyed practitioners' videos.
Superb co-relation of industry examples with theory. Great balance of math. More importantly, not a bore.
I really enjoyed it from the first week to the very end. Very educative and it improves business skills.
Excellent approach to marketing analytics, but might need to be more rigurous about econometric modeling
Most excellent examples and explanations for non-specialists, with an exposure to finance...and squash!
This was a really great course! I enjoyed it so much that I was sad when I finished it. Thank you, Raj!
A very good course, please include excel sheet to do analysis as well as a few data for us to practice
Very insightful course. Great assignments, helped understand topic better through research of our own!
great course with good learning exercises. We definitely had our share of the squash and vegetables :)
This was a very useful course. I don't like numbers but I could understand how to use it at marketing.
Very elaborate, Quizzes require a lot of learning and application. Amazing experiments and instructor.
It was very wonderful to attend a course that give an analytical perspective to marketing activities.
Great professor, he literally made everything super easy and understandable. Course was very helpful!
Had a great time learning about regressions, CLV in this course. Material was easy to digest as well.
Very good course, full of analysis. Very good insights and very well explained. I liked it very much
It is a very great course.Marketing analytics could be a mainstream in a coming future of marketing.
Very informative and full of calculations that can come in handy when making estimates and forecasts
Very useful course for the understanding of the basics of marketing analytics in very simple manner.
Topics covered are explained properly with live examples.Learnings of numerical part was made easier
It was excellent, challenging. Learnt alot! hoping to utilize my learning in the real life as well!!
Highly informative with practical and real life problem assessments. I highly recommend this course.
Highly Recommendable Course - Content Rich - Worth Spending Time on this Course - Challenging Course
He's such an amazing teacher. He has made everything easy for me. It was fun to attend the courses.
A very hands-on course and provides the necessary formulas needed and their practical applications.
Really well organized, very helpful info, teacher was very good. This met/exceeded my expectations.
This course was really good and gave me some new insights about marketing analytics and its process
A very awesome course with a detailed explanation of each topic. Very informative and interesting.
It is Best course for teaching.If some One want Lear about marketing analytic so Lear this course.
Great and enjoyable sessions, Raj did a very great job in taking the sessions active and playful.
Learnt a lot from this course. Thanks to the course instructor. He was very clear and informative
Very Interesting and lot of new info. and methods that are used in real world. Prof Raj is great.
the language is quite simple and one can easily understand what the instructor is trying to say.
Insightful. Highly recommended if anyone wants to learn about how marketing works and functions.
The teacher is very articulate and I really learned much useful methods from this set of course!
It was truly awesome, thanks to prof. rajkumar who explained the things in funny and lucid way..
Thank you very much! A great opportunity to learn remotely and explore new horizons of knowledge
I Gained good amount of knowledge  which will be very helpful for me to utilise in the industry.
The faculty has explained everything so clearly!! Intrigued fact was learned during this course.
It is a practical Marketing course, which focuses on the current trends of Marketing Analytics.
Very Interesting and the way each and every topic explain is really very good with an examples.
The instructor is very clear in what he wants to communicate. Was a very useful course overall!
Great course, great teacher great learning. Definitely a starting point to dive into analytics.
The explanations were great and the practice quizzes really helped in preparing for the  test.
Thank you . It was indeed a great journey. Wish to learn more about this fascinating concepts.
This course was awesome! I learned so much. I am a better professional because of this course.
Learned different aspects and work that goes into detailed, well informed marketing decisions.
Got a good understanding of Marketing Analytics.This course is structured in a very good way.
It was very great learning from Coursera, everything was covered well with proper explanation
The trainer is quite great in explaining concepts along with being very clear and engrossing.
it was great learning , provided lots of insights on marketing and it analyticsTHANK YOU SIR
I am thankful for the time I spent with you and hope to learn more and get bachelors degree
Great course, Got many things to myself :)Really enjoyed the way Sir Venkateshan does it :)
Raj sir is a genius in is domain. Looking forward for more advanced course on the same Sir.
Its a really good course and Thanks to the instructor for making it very crisp and exciting
it was good we had some new learning it is good if we want some learning here good platform
Had an great experience and learning. The instructor's lecturing style is also very great.
Great learning experience!!!  Examples are from 2015 but we are in 2020. Could be updated.
I love Raj! I have known nothing about marketing but I can learn and it turns out so well!
Good course to understand what goes behind a marketing campaign. How to analyse market etc
Absolutely brilliant course for a novice into understanding how to read between the lines!
nice concept, more weeks can be added regarding calculation CLVs may be from other methods
A very Good COURSE ON Marketing Analytics ,lots of thing learnt such as effect Sales Lift.
The explanation of contents was extremely  good.I would suggest to ones go through of it.
This course gives you a deep insight on how companies operate when it comes to marketing.
very interactive course with various real life data examples to understand the techniques
This course gave me lots and lots of insight about the business and the marketing world.
Learned so much and really enjoyed the presentation style. Great educational experience!
Good explanation and sample. this knowledge will benefit me on how to evaluate execution
Allowed me to understand the foundations of marketing analytics with a dynamic approach.
A very thoroughly structured course. I got a lot of insights about marketing analytics.
Very engaging and insightful course. Should be attended for a great career opportunity.
Though i hate every form of math, the instructor makes it fun and very understandable!!
It's well explained course with good learning experience. Must do for every Marketeer.
one of the best teacher is in this course so if u want to take this course go for this
Really challenging due to my engineering background but course contents made possible.
Thank you so much Mr. Rajkumar Venkatesan Sir for providing maketing analytics course.
It’s really good course, easy understanding and can take this one adapt for my working
Though of a bit high level, the course is a gold when it comes to learning new things.
Great in depth knowledge and nice (Squash & Vegetable) training done by Mr. Venkatesh
I recommend this course for marketers. The teaching method and materials are awesome.
Good course, will recommend it to everyone i know who would be interested in this one
I've learned and still am learning a lot of useful information thanks to this course.
Great course, I've written 20 pages of my notebook! Great insights and explanations!
Great course, great lecturer, overall fun and recommended for beginners in marketing
Raj was an amazing teacher with great real-world examples that enhanced my learning.
Very informative and quizzes are perfect to test the content taught. Easy to follow.
Loved this course! It was very informative and not too difficult or time-consuming.
It was very helpful and relevant to the my real work experience in marketing field.
I learned a lot helpful theories with practical examples. Thank You very Very much.
This course was very informative. I will surely do many such courses in the future.
Excellent presenter & very informative that must be improve my abilities in future.
So far the best course I've had on Coursera. Especially the teacher was incredible.
Raj is the exciting teacher! Let's eat more vegetables!!! Cool! Thank you a lot! ;)
Really cool concepts and measurement techniques explained in simple and concise way
Raj does an excellent job of explaining very tough concepts and making it fun too!
I am really enthused to have this course of study..Thanks to the Lectuere, Mr Raj
It was a really fun experience and I definitely learned a lot. God bless you all!
This course really help me , Now i have great knowledge about marketing analytics
Great course, detailed explanations and good examples for a better understanding!
brilliant, compact and learnt a lot despire being from an engineering background!
A very good course with an excellent Professor who teaches step by step properly.
THİS COURSE ARE AMAİZİNGI REALLY LİKE THİS COURSE. THE TEACHER VERY SUCCESSFULL.
Very informative with a touch to all essential area. Good course for beginners.
The instructor keeps the material interesting to learn. Definitely recommended.
excellent explanation of theories coupled with real corporate world experiences
Thoroughly enjoyed it. Instructor made the subject fun as well as easy to learn
Wonderful Course all the models cover are useful in marketing analytics carrier
Very good course with several actionable items for anyone working in marketing.
Great content and teaching sytle. Live examples help you relate to the course.
Much more challenging than I anticipated, but I am glad to have stuck with it!
Great course and give me applicable theory. Fully recommended for this course.
it was a great experience to do a course of marketing analytics from Coursera.
Very practical learning course, very dedicated instructor, highly recommended.
Got to acquire great skills, just enjoyed to have this to my Technical skills
Excellent course, made very easy to understand by the amazing Raj Venkatesan.
it's a good chance to actually apply many tools available in the MKT analisis
The Teacher is amazing... He tells every big calculation in the simplest way.
Thanks to Mr. Raj and Coursera and to all those who made this course possible
Mixing marketing analytics with useful and fruiitful tools to be implemented.
Very informative and helpful in the real market. Really enjoyed this course.
this is a great experience for me . hope doing some more course on marketing
Extremely thorough, and well structured. I learned a lot during the 5 weeks.
Great course, very detailed and informative.A must take for every marketeer.
The lecturer was superb in his teaching and the skills are super applicable
amazing course, really help me through analytical skills in marketing field
A complete guide to understand marketing analysis. enriching and insightful
I enjoyed this course and learned a lot! This is not for the faint-hearted.
Great course! Valuable information that I am excited to apply in my career.
I have learned a lot of things about marketing analytics thanks to coursera
This course is very well structured and designed for marketing specialists.
The way how the course was taught was really great and easy to understand.
Fantastic learning from Raj sir. Thank you sir for this fruitful learning!
The course is educative and interesting. I thoroughly enjoyed and learned!
The analysis taught is really helpful and can be applied to the real world
Loved this course. self paced. 4th and 5 week topics are very knowledgable
Too much maths. I nearly died. But I had fun. Thanks Raj, you're the best.
i like it so much, i found it helpful,funny and has a lot of information.
I really learned a lot in this course and the modules were very helpful.
i learn a lot of things especialy in solving and it is a big help for me
Course is practically explained non English native can easily understood
Nice ...Helped a lot....Thank u professor for learning a lot of insights
Thank you for being so clear! The practice quiz really helps to clarify!
The course was good and detailed made me understand basics of analytics.
I learn a lot of things in this course thanks to Lecturer and Coursera.
the best course, i wish i could have a scholarship to study in Virginia
This course opens my mind about business and enhances my English skill.
It was the best experience to learn marketing analytics from Coursera .
Quite engaging course filled with examples, cases and numbers. Loved it
very informative and loved the practical case studies from time to time
Well curated course briefing all the essentials in marketing analytics.
very instructive but can be updated to current data to be more accurate
Everythibg under one roof. This was really helpful for my job interview
This course actually helped a lot in learning the basics of Marketing.
Good course for marketer. Instructor and course content are very good.
Incredible course. It is very well taught, would definitely recommend!
The course was full of practical subjects and are explained very well
Great course .I really get fascinated by teaching styles by teachers.
I loved this course! I 100% recommend. Grateful for this opportunity.
Very engaging professor. Thorough and in-depth. Very enjoyable class.
It was a great experience with lots of fun. Learned a lot of things.
It is a Good Course to start with, If you wish to excel in Marketing
Explanation by Prof. Raj is very nice. Sessions are very interacive.
Exceptional Course. I learnt a lot and even improved my foundations.
everything is being explained and taught in a very systematic manner
Great course to understand the basic elements of Marketing Analytics
My first course at Coursera, it's wonderful and exactly what I need.
Loved the course structure and its relevance in the practical life.
Interesting and not tedious course.A good introduction to the topic
Very nice lecture delivery  and all concepts related to MA is clear
Excellent course - the way Raj explained the concepts were amazing.
A lot of very useful information and set at a good pace. Thank you!
I had earned great knowledge and super experience from this course.
The course gave me a broader view of looking marketing in every way
The professor, Raj is very cute and nice. Thanks for your teaching.
Thank you so much ! I learnt a lot. It was beyond my expectations.
Great professor , truly blessed individual with an art of teaching
this cource is very nice . i really enjoy study style of coursera.
I REALLY ENJOYED THE COURSE IT WAS FUN LEARNING AND I LOVE IT !!!!
Instructor is very good, plus short videos make course easy going.
Very relevant to current times and well explained by Professor Raj
This is a great course and very grateful to learn a lot of things.
Excellent Course! I learned a lot! We had an amazing professor too
It was a paradigm shift to know what Marketing Analytics realy is.
Challenging yet insightful course. The squash classes were great.
Organized, easy to understand, smooth flow, well-thought through.
Marketing analytics is good topic to learn and get the knowledge
the concepts are explained simply and clearly. excellent course!
Prof. Rajkumar Venkatesan  explained the topics clearly! Superb!
very informative and easy to understand to all level of students
The course was overall very informative and precisely delivered.
It was a great course!!!!  Vey useful!!!! Thanks!!!!!  Yeah!!!!!
Course was really interesting and provided a lot of new concepts
Course is divide into 5 modules, and explain everything briefly.
Made Marketing Analytics simple straight forward and interesting
it is one of the best online courses I have ever participated in
Great course with various aspects of analytics used in marketing
Very good course and a lots of insights in marketing analytics!
the experience and learning was very effective as well as good.
Such amazing experience. Thank you so much . worth learning it.
Good Experience and interesting assignments and quiz questions.
the coach is great. basics of marketing analytics was done well
such a incredible journey to learn a lot here,thank you so much
Lots of valuable information, very well structured & presented.
I love the way he taught us with Squash through out the class.
very informative and insightful course had great time learning
Best Platform To Enhance your skills..thanx coursera for this.
This course is  well put together and it drives home the point
This is a must course who so ever is in Marketing or Analytics
Amazing first dive into the ocean of marketing possibilities !
A great course to start understanding the basics of analytics.
It is a very clear and easy to learn course. 100% recommended.
The way Professor Raj explains is extraordinary. kudos to You
i enjoyed this course and i learnt about customers life value
Very good insights, Thanks a lot Raj for the wonderful course
It a great deal of learning process, enjoyable and productive
Rich methodology and detail interpretation, highly recommend~
Marketing Analytics l Coursera All Quiz & Assignment Answers
Was, Great Time! thanks so much for opprtunty to learn alot!
it was a great course and I got to learn many new concepts .
Mind opening about marketing and data analytics perspective.
It's a good course. It helped me to clear my basic concepts.
Very complete and gave me tools that I can use in the future
It's great course and it focuse on the real life situations.
its practical, I can use it for my business in real world..
Thank you Raj! It's such a great course! I learned so much!
Absolutely amazing. So well constructed and I learnt a lot.
Interesting, I learned full part about marketing. Thank you
wonderful material i have learned a lot , thank you so much
Outstanding class! Loved the professor and learned so much!
Excellent course and very good explanation of the concepts.
As a marketing aspirant, I learned a lot from this course.
Great course, the instructor's explaination is very clear.
The instructor made it very easy to understand the concept
The course was exceptionally good. Really helped me a lot!
This is one realy heplful courese for marketing analytics.
Great course, really grateful for the fantastic teaching!
Amazing course! Quite informative and it's designed well.
This course was much helpful to understand many concepts.
very excellent teaching with examples and guest lectures.
One of the best investment done amid the lockdown period.
Amazing course, really got to learn a lot of new things!!
Goos course, more detail in the exercises good the great.
I am starting to love this course . Extremely resourceful
Great course and delivery I must say. Thank you Mr. Raj.
overall good blend of analytics and knowledge about adds
Great informative course with great insightful knowledge
Informative and well laid out. Interesting case studies.
Raj sir teaches very well and makes the concepts clear.
Amazing facilitator, easy explanation and fair quizzes!
very relevant and very informative. thank you very much
my first course with  you, and it will  not be the last
Good learning and nice clarity about marketing analytic
The best course I had in Coursera, most interesting one
Rajkumar Sir, I wish to attend your classroom lecture!
It was nice learning this course. I thank to everyone.
My experience with Coursera was fun and knowledgeable.
Enjoyed the whole course and the process of marketing.
I loved this course!It is very practical and specific.
Its been a great exprience learning from this course.
This is a great course! I have learned a lot. Thanks.
Very insightful and delivery was great and intuitive.
right paced. Suitable for everyone. Thanks professor.
100% recommended. I'll surely miss Raj and squash ://
what a jouney! so interactive & simple , thanks a lot
Thank you very much! The course is really informative
course is awesome and got a lot of interesting things
its very easy to understand thanks to the professor!
Really enjoyed a lot, Thanks for the great learning.
Well Designed Course, Learnt a lot during the phase.
Excellent teaching by Prof. with clear explanations.
I am really happy to do this course, thanks coursera
Great teacher, information, lectures, and resources.
I have learned many information through this course
Great time and  learning's i had during this period
Good content, the test and project were practical.
this course was very helpful for my future journey
Good for marketing student to understand analytics
Amazing course. But buying certificate is not good
Thanks to Coursera and Mr Rajkumar Venkatesan.....
It was a very digestible course. Congratulations!
Good course for beginners in marketing analytics.
Great Lectures and professor! Challenging course.
it is a really great course from great university
the course was very informative and well designed
thank you so much coursera give me good knowledge
very relevant. Great learner experience acquired.
thankyou now I'm more understand about regression
Thanks you Coursera for providing great knowledge
Excellent course , great insights, well explained
A very insightful course, I enjoyed it very much.
Very useful course, I recommend to all marketers.
Excellent !! Precise and implementation oriented.
Very objective, practical, and industry-relevant.
Amazing course , really suggest everyone to opt.
Very useful and informative. Highly recommended.
Great Marketing Analytics Tools. I recommend it!
Wonderful course and very hands on assignments.
Great course! very informative and interactive.
its a awesome experience to learn from coursera
I learn a lot about marketing analytics. Thanks
good experience learning of marketing analytics
Excellent course there are alot of information.
Excellently executed and very relevant course!
Awesome course and teacher was also very good.
It was Good  Course by Good Skill Professor 😊
Well thought out course and wonderful lecturer
It was excellent experience to have the course
Thank you so much for such an amazing course!!
Coursera formed the backbone of my education.
Great Course.....Learned a lot of new things.
Very good course structure. Enjoyed learning!
Excellent! I loved the content and teachings.
amazing course. I learn alot from this course
It was well explained with suitable examples.
Thanks to Coursera and Mr Rajkumar Venkatesan
Very good insights into contemporary business
I loved his way to teaching, Best Professor!
Very good course for beginners. Thanks a ton
This was very intresting & learning lession.
The course is very detailed and informative.
I loved the course its awesome and wonderful
Everything was great. I just thanks for Raj.
Very important course to learn for MBA grads
good for learning new things about marketing
One of the most amazing courses on Coursera!
Very interesting and new experience for me.
Great Introduction for marketing analytics.
Excellent course with an excellent teacher.
This is really amazing site to learn skill.
A nice introduction to marketing analytics.
Nice Course, learn so muchThank you so much
Beautifully structured and well organized !
An amazing course by an awesome instructor!
Best Course to learn Marketing Analytics...
Great learning experience and good exposure
The course is well-done and useful. Thanks.
Easy to understand and detailed! Wondeful!
Nice course! Well explained and organized.
Very well presented and explained subject.
It was such great experience with Mr. Raj.
this is wonderful platfoem to learn skills
Great time and really enjot the discussion
Raj is a great instructor and a funny man.
Good course to kickstart Marketing journey
Wonderful course guide, explained so well.
Awesome course, enjoyable and challenging.
I like the way sir teach from the basics.
i learn so may marketing things thank you
Excellent Course with Awesome Teacher Raj
Fabulous courseI really love this course.
amazing course..lots of practical example
An amazing course. I recommend it to all.
I’m very happy whit the thing I’ve learnt
Definitely could have been a bit faster.
Raj Rocks!Probable best on the Coursera.
Very knowledgeable course for a beginner
Very explanatory and easy to understand.
very well structured and executed course
Awesome insights on marketing analytics
Excelent course, i highly recommend it!
The entire course was quite insightfull
its very helpfull fr management student
Amazing course to enrich your knowledge
Awesome course learned so much from it.
Very informative course. Learned a lot.
Simple, clear and add great value to me
very good course,will recommend to all
easy to understand, thankyou coursera!
Best course about Marketing Analytics.
Well curated course, a must-do course.
Great course with meaningful knowledge
Teaching faculty is great as expected
Thank you for easy providing material
great course with very good examples.
Raj was really great and informative!
Great Learning and  very good speaker
Excellent Course! Highly Recommended!
Very well defined and good materials!
It teaches you a lot about marketing
Great course and very good explained
Thanks Professor and bye to Squash!!
Life changing course thanks Coursera
excellent course, learned new things
Nice content and were well explained
Great learning's throughout..Ty sir.
Could have gone a bit into rfm model
Informative lectures. Cool Lecturer.
It was pleasure to have this Course
To the point and relevant content .
Very good session , a lot to learn.
Thanks for the knowledge keep going
Great work By Raj and coursera team
thank you for your fantastic course
very interesting and knowledgeable
great course and it helps me a lot
great class and easily understand!
You deserve this. I learned a lot.
Very entertaining and educational!
got to learn too much outstanding!
Very useful and informative class
Great revision during COVID times
Very Good course, well explained.
Good!!! A well structured course.
good experience and great content
Great learning. Thank you mentor
Thank you! It is helpful for me.
very nice platform for education
Good but the math is exhausting.
Amazing and very helpful course!
very useful course, i enjoyed ..
It was an amazing experience....
it was really a great experience
It was great to do this course.
Very insightful and challenging
Great course, very informative!
it is a very interesting course
Amazing and breathtaking course
it has been a great opportunity
Thank you. I learn many things
great course, very interesting
It is very informative course.
amazing insights.great course.
nice course with best lecturer
great course. very informative
Content was concise but great!
Great examples from real life!
Very interesting way to teach
Clear and concise explanation
good experience and useful...
A demanding and great course!
It is truly wonderful course.
great basic work to grow upon
Good course, a bit difficult
I had fun and learned a lot!
Fabulous learning experience
Great course. Raj is amazing
The course was well designed
Greatest learning experience
Very happy with this course!
very interesting course!!!!!
Great depth in the lessons!
It helped a lot. Thank you.
Thank you for my new skills
It's hard but never give up
It couldnt have been better
This was a great experience
Very very very very useful!
I like the guy, he's nice.
Best marketing course ever
Nice! Value for the price.
very good course. loved It
super and very hard course
good course, lots to learn
Got something new to learn
it was great to study.....
great course very helpful
I had perfect information
Really informative course
BEST COURSE FOR MARKETING
Useful courses thank you.
very Informative Course !
Outstanding  this course
The course is excellent!
Awesome teaching methods
Really good an demanding
Very good and impressive
Awesome, I enjoyed a lot
Good Course for Learning
Thank you Professor Raj
It was totally worth it
An Awesome experience !
Realistic and Practical
Great fully satisfied.
Thank you for learning
it vary helpful Course
It was really helpful.
Excellent and Guiding.
Very insightful course
good and learning full
amazing course had fun
It's an amazing Course
it was a good session
He is a great orator.
One word, Excellence!
Informative and Fun !
Perfect starter pack.
Great learning curve
An Eye Opener course
Really good course..
that was really good
Really good content.
Interesting Course.
Its is very useful
It was a good one.
I like this course
Best learning ever
Good and awesome
Much productive!
Quality content.
Awesome Course.
one of the best
Really GREAT!!!
Just thank you!
Great ! Thanks
Good course 👍
Learned a lot!
it was perfect
THANKS MR. RAJ
Great LEARNING
Insightful :)
Nicely Done!
Pretty Good
aws course
Incredible
Tough!
than
