Did not like the course, complicated concepts and poor representation. ( i still really really appreciate the efforts of those who put it together with their hard work)
Very American perspective.
Greetings! I'm an Indian student taking this course hoping to join the Indian Civil Services. Firstly I'd like to thank you for this is excellent course. My favourite part was the discussion with Dee Dee Myers, I could listen to her speak all day and also Senator Tim Kaine. Sadly the course did not live upto my expectations. Please seriously consider my feedback, especially the areas where I thought you could improve in:Tye course gave only an American perspectiveTitle should have been: Public Policy Challenges in USANon-American students are not able to understand it as we don't have the contextAlmost zero examples from other countries & culturesSome students like me need to switch on subtitles to be able to clearly understand the content being spoken so I wasn't able to read and understand the questions or statements that you're showing in the video at the bottom. I believe the way you're presenting questions after the video ends is a better way.You can learn a lot from Yale University's course "Moral Foundations of politics" available on coursera
This is the third Coursera course I have completed. I am nearing completion on two others. I had high expectations for this one but it was the only one I have been disappointed in. In comparison with other MOOCs I've participated in which have clearly been designed with online delivery and audience in mind, the format of this MOOC was not engaging. It's also baffling that they would spend nine weeks on public policy in the 21st century and only include one female speaker and not a single person of colour. The 21st century at the University of Virginia must look quite different from the 21st century where I am. There was also a lot institutional promoting of the University of Virginia / Batten School itself which I haven't experienced in other courses. While I did find some of the speakers and subject matter to be of interest, I had hoped for more from this MOOC.
This class would do well to have supplemental or required readings and much more difficult quizzes. I think it would be possible to have one's wisdom teeth removed and complete this course on a binge-watching spree while on pain killers. That shouldn't be possible. Good lecturers, though.
Primarily focused on US politics and the US policy system. Discusses mostly the problems with the US system of governance and it therefore not really useful for international viewers.
This course is NOT free to submit test results.
Interesting course. Would have been more helpful if had actually taught how to break a problem in parts and then create a policy.
This course was interesting and informative. Would have been better if the online portions of the MOOC reflected a wide range of speakers.
Interesting lecture series. The lectures are largely America centered with courses on presidential war powers, the functioning of governors. In this lectures the main focus is rather politics than policy. Although very interesting, the lecture series does not really live up to its title.
The course content was good, as well as the choice of speakers. However, the course itself is a bit dated in regards to current political evolutions (Trump election 2016 and its impact on the US positioning in the world, evolutions in the relationship between the US and China).
The course could have used more interactive elements, such as asking online students to answer some of the long-form questions that the in-class students seem to have been asked. (Though I understand that this is not always reasonable to grade)
While U.S. politics is important for many other disciplines, this course didn't have that much depth in my opinion to really be applicable on demands of international student and point of view. Still, very interesting lectures and good talks.
This course touches eclectic aspects of public policy. My primary are of interest is health policy and I am happy with the kind of discussion flowing in that domain. Though much can be improved, from content delivery to suggested readings.
There were some great lectures included in this course, but the emphasis on the content we were not receiving was a bit disheartening. I would have loved to view more of the controversial lectures that were referenced in the wrap-up.
The speakers were great. I learn a lot from the course. But issues were more america centric. It would have bee better if the course would have a global perspective. Thank You.
the subjects has a lot of good of terms and information, however, I am not form US and many things are not related to my country interest. thank you
It's a good course but as the discussions are centered around the USA, it might not be that relevant to students from other countries.
Interesting introduction to United States public policy. I wish though that it was more academically rigorous!
Its a great course but its validity in Indian context is questionable.
Exciting discourse on 21st century Public policy challenges.
Very U.S centric. Would be good to have a global perspective
A few more lectures please...want to learn more
It is very US oriented, Which is not necessarily a negative aspect, but please mention that in the course structure more clearly. Although Professor Warburg is very inspiring, the optimistic attitude towards policy leaders is what I think is needed for the younger generation who get sidelined by politics and not policy. It was quite rewarding. Thankyou.
It was a great course and I enjoyed the first brush of class room session on Public Policy domain. Clearly the highlight of this course was the diverse port folio of imminent speakers who brought their knowledge, wisdom and expertise to the interactive table. I'm a middle aged professional in India, who is recently involved in professional advocacy through Private and Govt. Sectors. The content and topics covered in the course are very appropriate and encompasses geographical diversities, albeit needs to be upgraded to the current challenges as the world has progressed considerably in last 5 years quite drastically. I wish to thank the Frank Batten University and Professor Gerry Warburg for the relevant and smartly designed course.
I really enjoyed this course. The discourse in all the topics presented and the guests were wonderfully presented. The balanced opinions presented were great, so as to reinforce one of the policy tools of studying your opponent. I was able to hear from the different sides with many points I support. I enjoyed Ms Dee Dee Myers and Senator Tim Kaine presentations. They showed grounding in their field and the openness of all side and issues. Plus it was nice to see the two friends (Senators) from opposing side sit down, showing that it is possible, in the persons of Senator Gerry Connolly and Tim Davis. It was good to see that even among all the speakers, past and current,, they have noticed the extreme bipartisan that currently exists in Congress. How they are not solving anything in the country. Rather they are creating a widen gap of citizenry which is not good. But i will hold on to Prof Warburg's optimism of what we the next generation can and will do. Thank you so much for the opportunity to learn.
This was an excellent introduction to and discussion of public policy issues, and I enjoyed every class and guest lecturer. I came away with new insights and a broader understanding of policy issues and shifts. The class was recorded in 2014, and while it was fascinating to see how many of the speakers sensed the dramatic partisan polarization that has led to the election of the current administration, I did wish I had known that the lectures were recored 3 years ago. It would be great if remarks could be added to reflect on the current policy eruptions that have occurred since the class was recorded.
a very broad and amazing course. Taught one of the key message of being in Center in the world which is more and more leaning towards extremes. It would have been even better if we had certain case studies on issues like Urban Planning, Public Transportation etc to get more hands on experience in Policy making and its implications. Another good takeaway for me is that majority of work is done at the state level than at a country level. So the state government and its policies can actually act a a Lab fore nationwide polies.
The course gives a very good overview of the problems to be faced in the 21st Century for all the policymakers. The speaker sessions were very insightful and helped in the overall understanding of the topic at hand. Also, the discussion forums have been the most beneficial out of everything. I have the following constructive feedbacks which are: 1) To include more international issues from the PoV of other countries 2) Dwell into more topics. 3) Have a hands-on policymaking session. Thanks for the course.:)
This course has been enlightening and enriching for me in terms of how governance works in America. The issues raised can be applicable to many other countries in the world. However, this is not the course for you if you are looking for theoretical and analytical skills as this course is structured around sharings and exchanges with public figures about the current and future agenda of the US. (This is just my personal opinion and others may disagree me with me on certain aspects.)
It was very important to me having the opportunity to expand my visions about the needed changes of the Political Science area, in an international perspective. I think it would be also more incredible if we have talked in a less United States perspective and started to focus, furthermore, in some other different countries and realities. However, I'm really happy because I had the chance to listen and learn about some (new) issues of the 21st century!
While this course is focuses heavily on the American polity, countries no longer exist as isolated entities.  The plethora of challenges faced by young Americans are also faced by young decision makers around the world. Though the course does not offer policy solutions to multiple challenges, it does successfully problematise these challenges only to make us use our critical thinking faculties and emerge with creative and better solutions.
The content is well modularized, introduces a range of topic, but is much more of a discourse than an introduction to to process of evaluating a policy challenge. Not many tactical ideas, mostly a survey of the policy challenges that a new generation of policy-makers and new stakeholders will face. So the focus is not on "how" but it introduces Public Policy as a concept in a nice discursive way worthy of your time.
This course was a respectable introduction to basic public policy challenges facing democracies today, and the language and government structures stakeholders need to understand to tackle those challenges. However, as of 2019 much has changed in American and global politics that render some of these lessons either irrelevant or incomplete. So it is very much overdue for an update in the material.
This course was informative and allowed the participant to look at many areas in public policy. And made for great discussion with peers to broaden ones knowledge base and ways of thinking when it comes to looking at issues for the 21st Century. How would those issues be addressed? Who will address them? And how to avoid Slacktivisim. This is a well put together course.
The course was a marvellous, insightful journey that helps one shape thought process in devising public policy suggestions. The policy field luminaries whose talks were practical and relatable enriched the authenticity of the teachings.A small suggestion would be that concise reading materials if provided could add to the understanding of the topics discussed.
I thought it was a great course. It really prompted me to consider the different aspects of the political landscape and how it will look drastically different in the coming years as my generation enters into the field. I recommend this course as a good starting ground for those wanting to gain more perspective for those considering the public service route.
Really inspiring, and a great collections of speakers. All of the challenges covered in class are relevant and will be remain relevant for a long time (that's the point of the class), but the lectures are from 2013 or maybe 2014, so I would love to take an updated version of this class with current perspectives. I really enjoyed this class!
While i feel the course is very U.S. oriented, I believe it has a lot to teach policymakers and students from around the world, specially in respect to what challenges future leaders will face and how to tackle those issues by understanding their causes and consequences, and learning to reach compromises with opposite parties.
I believe the course could have looked into more transitional topics and brought in similar policy skills for other forms of government as well. The breakdown of the Affordable Care Act and the proposal for the war powers Act were both illuminating. The Media perspective, although slightly uncommon, was very much appreciated.
It's a good course for beginners and those who want to understand Public policy. However, it would be great if the current course is updated to the latest sessions, because the lectures are at least 5 years old and the world has changed quite a bit since then. Updated policy challenges would be really helpful.
Very good course. And it makes me think that part of the expectations of the invited speakers, and those from prof. Warburg, hasn't happened yet. Much to the contrary, it seems that many problems pointed were exacerbated. I would gladly attend an updated version of the course. Thanks!
A very good introduction to Public Policy Challenges and related debates. Also a great way to get a snapshot of what plagues America, why America reacts the way it does and how the America of the future might react and shape the rest of the world.
Updating the content of some of the modules with additional reading material would be beneficial given how much the governance structures have altered since 2014 (when the course content was first created). Thank you for this enriching course!
A well-formatted course to know about the public policy of the contemporary USA and its challenges. It is mainly focused on USA policies. However, it is highly beneficial to all who are working in policy area.
Great course, but just like one of the key themes of the course shows, the rapid pace of change requires it be updated more often. Taking a course filmed in 2014 in 2018 is like a lifetime of difference.
I thoroughly enjoyed and benefitted from this course, however, I also feel there was too much of an emphasis on U.S Policy. It is understandable, but other than that, it was great!
Succinct, engaging. The scope should have been a bit more universal for the various Coursera students around the world. but it allows for a good grasp on 21st century challenges.
Highly interactive class. The guest lecturers have extensive experience and highlight so much information from the past and into the future. I highly recommend this course.
Helped me understand the key challenges to Public Policy, albeit to the US.However, many of the challenges are global and also impact the developing nations of Asia.
Very much enjoyed the course and the discussions (particularly on healthcare policy).  However, the title should reflect that the course is entirely US-centric.
Enjoyed the lectures but could not figure out how to engage with the other students... Also, the class was a few years old so issues had obviously changed.
This class is amazing and I was able to conveniently study major i wanted to learn also. I have to find another class and take it. thank you
The course concentrate on american public policy. It could be wider regarding the topic "Public Policy Challenges of the 21st Century.
It's a well-designed course but the Course is designed in the USA-perspective only which does not go with the title of the Course.
Wonderful Course to learn about Future challenges . Also the course offers different ideological perspectives to learn from .
Great overview of policy challenges with several examples of different topics that will impact future policy discussions.
wow it effective course for me as a student of public administration.,i really enjoy it to enriched my knowledge. thanks
The course was excellent but it could have complementary reading suggested for students, from professors and guests.
Very helpful and in depth course, focusing on the public policy and other aspects of the government. Learnt a lot.
Very useful course to get a baseline knowledge of sustainable development and the key content areas in this field
This course was more US centric. Expect more of content w.r.t challenges in other countries
very well structured and included insights from field experts which was a great highlight
GREAT! great professors and a lot of passion! wich there were more suggested readings!
Great lectures. I wish there were more in-depth assignments and detailed handouts.
Good recommendation for those interested in public policy and civil engagement.
A wonderful course with very well organized discussions and inspiring talks.
It would be better if the presenter was younger, and not so scripted.
It was great experience to learn from this distance learning program
Very US focused, but basic principles can be applied generally.
More pin pointed examples would be much better to include.
Speakers were great. But the content was very U.S related.
Need to include challenge faced by Developing countries
Very good instructors but the topics need updating
A very interesting course with great speakers.
Interesting course, exceeded my expectation
Could have been more exhaustive.
Interesting but very US-centric
wonderfull full course
Engaging information!
Great discussions!
Thank you for all
This is the first course I have completed on Coursera. Its very engaging approach to distance education, made more accessible with its course design and approach, and the self-paced modules all contributed to my success throughout the coursework. Professor Warburg and his distinguished resource persons imparted wisdom and insights that will guide me in my further venture into public policy learning and practice.
To know the "Public Policy Challenges of the 21st Century"  is more essential for the global people in this era. Thanks for the opportunity. I hope it will give a concise idea to learn on it...
This was an excellent introduction. I wish there could have been a greater opportunity for personal engagement with faculty, but I understand the platform makes it very difficult.
I loved the focus of this course, its future orientation and the way debates around an issue were discussed in-depth and very well in limited time. Loved It! Highly Recommend it!
The course was refreshing in the way it made use of various public personalities to deliver lectures based on their personal and professional experiences. I highly recommend it.
The course provides you with an excellent platform to learn & understand the public policy challenges. You will be able to listen the opinion of experts from political and social sphere to discuss public policy issues & challenges; how decisions are reached and consensus is developed. If you are interested in understanding the diverse set of public policy areas including, inter-alia, US Affordable Care Act, US China relationship, the role of media and government, data privacy in the information age etc.  You must, therefore, allow yourself to review this course.  You will also allow yourself to understand the unique perspective that Professor Gerry Warburg brings in when he engages the experts in involved yet pragmatic deliberations with regard to various issues.
This course does not focus on any partisan interest but rather inspires you to think deeply, challenges you to reason beyond the status quo, and empowers you with the tools to make an impact!
This course has helped me to understand how and why the development and shaping a public policy that will impact a large population is done. My limited understanding while trying to leverage, use a policy to define & develop Communications framework | strategy to try and influence the same and see how it impacts business and brands is now changed. I will now look more carefully in the process of developing | shaping a policy and accordingly use to develop the communications framework. These session on healthcare | technology | war powers was fascinating & the discussion with Senators was encouraging to hear and understand how it actually pans out. I assume even in the Indian context, a similar process would be happening albeit not necessarily coming to help students understand the nuances of the same.  Having completed this course, I move on another one with HarvardX:  U.S. Public Policy: Social, Economic, and Foreign Policies that needs to be done and later planning a Graduate Certificate Course in Public Policy by an Indian private school to enhance my understanding of public policy. Am very thankful for UVA to have allowed foreign students to participate and learn especially someone like me at 52 with 26 years of professional work experience to get a chance. Thanks a lot to Dean, UVA and Prof. Warburg and entire Team who put this great course together..!!Shankar Chelluri | Hyderabad | India
I very much appreciated how this course was taught and enjoyed listening to different speakers offer their views on the issues presented in the class. This course taught me how to think from other political points of view and helped me understand the problems that my generation faces. In my opinion, the best part of this class was the focus on learning to work with people with different political views. With the hyper-partisanship we have today in Washington and all the frustration that comes with it, this perspective was very refreshing. The only thing that I think could be improved is the length, as I thought it was too short. While I am aware that the course was designed this way, I wanted to learn more about some of the issues that were left out. Overall, this was a very interesting class!
Personally, I found this to be both an informative and empowering course. As someone that is interested in public policy and recently investing the time to study and read about the topic I found this course to be apropos to the moment in my life. Many of the topics discussed in the MOOC, despite having been recorded in 2013-2014 remain relevant today and perhaps amplified in relevance even since the recording time. Such topics include that of China policy and media divisiveness/partisanship to name just two. If you're remotely interested in public policy I encourage you to invest the time in this course. Enjoy!
The level of intentionality that went into crafting this course was abundantly clear. The format was unique and engaging, with a combination of student introductions, professor lectures, presentations by policymakers, and my favorite, the post-lecture discussions. Seeing that this course had 48 class sessions, of course, it was impossible for everything to be represented in this online course, but the content that was included was robust, diverse, and immensely timely. I commend everyone involved with their effort on this superb course!
I thoroughly enjoyed Prof. Warburg's elaboration of the public policy challenges, and seeing the contemporary issues in 2014 which corresponded or were perhaps used as bases for the GT2030 Report. It has been around 6 years since the recording of this course, but I find that they are more relevant than ever, in the face of the continuing climate crisis, different states' responses to the problem of technology used to undermine security and democratic processes, as well as the escalating tensions between the US and Iran.
Great opportunity to engage with several challenges our next future holds. As citizens and participants of public policies it's very refreshing have an inside about how the democracy works to solve these challenges. Despite being a highly american focused approach the speakers are of a high interest for everybody worldwide. Personally, would be a pleasure to attend one of these classes in live, and this training offered me the chance to virtually do it. Congratulations on the well balanced and structured course.
Really enjoyed this course. It helped me organize my thoughts about the future public policy issues and as expressed in the ending lecture, made it easier for me to see that these challenges can be dealt with (by breaking them down). I have applied for the Fulbright scholarship programme and hope to get it. If I get a chance to visit the US, I would definitely like to see the magnificent Frank Batten School of Public Policy and meet Professor Warburg in person. Until then, I thank you for this opportunity!
This course gives a lot of new ideas and concepts, along with good discussions on key topics facing public policy and those whom want to make or be involved in it. I have studied by myself for the FSOT, but this course I believe is instrumental in my self-education on political science- public policy. I think all people should take such a course not for their career but for better understanding foreign and domestic policies, and getting into more intellectual debates not like on social media sites.
Coming from a construction background with no policy work whatsoever besides personal interest, it was amazing to be able to understand the message that the speakers were conveying. Besides some cluelessness on the US senate system, every other topic was relevant to international audiences.Best part was the weekly schedule that was recently in place, it help to keep pace on progress as sometimes it feels overwhelming as we try to answer every question that was posted after each video.
This was an amazing course. The professor always posed challenging questions that made you think. I enjoyed listening to all the guest speakers because it brings forth different view points from our own that we would have otherwise never really listened to. Professor is extremely knowledgeable and provides an optimistic view to politics (while remaining realistic) -which many have a negative view of; thus, listening to him renewed my interest in politics/government.
The zeal to learn not only to question the assumptions of policy analysts, but also to recognize how different kinds of analysis are used in support of political arguments. The pop up questions encouraged critical and creative thinking on many issues facing the world. Much this is tailored to mostly USA with a bias of China and India, i have found that the course has put me into good stead to question one or two things back home in Uganda.
I am very pleased with the structure and content of this course. I have taken over a dozen clases on Coursera in the past year across a wide variety of disciplines and this is definitely one I am going to see through to the end. If you are interested in how public policy drive governments, corporations , and NGO's behaviour which in turn impacts directly upon individuals and entire populations, this is a great primer. Highly recommended.
This was a very enjoyable and thought-provoking course which examined a variety of policy issues. I particularly liked the non-partisan nature of discussions, and the presence of a broad range of speakers with different experience and viewpoints. The pre-lecture readings, lecture transcripts, note-taking option and on-screen discussion questions all helped to create a very learner-friendly experience. While the discussions centre on American policy issues, many of these are invariably general enough to apply to any country (e.g. healthcare challenges, governance structures, etc). I would recommend reading the National Intelligence Council report (found under 'suggested readings') before beginning module 2, as this provides a global overview of many of the issues to be discussed in subsequent weeks.
this course was quite fruitful. I really enjoyed it at large. An amazing thing related to the course was that it put a complete picture of many problems lying ahead in near future and, moreover, some potential ways to tackle them in best possible manners. Additionally, it encouraged the students to come forward with creative thinking to undertake the coming pandorabox full of atrocious setbacks.
At this point, the "Public Policy Challenges of the 21st Century" course is one-of-a-kind innovative effort to provide an overview of the field and what a MPP program might look like for people interested in tackling public policy issues. The Batten School is leading the way on this and I hope to visit the program in person in the fall. I also hope to see more like it on Coursera in the future.
The course puts the challenges on the table of discussion and encourages them to find common ground. Although the world needs armchair analysts, passionate women, and men who are creative with policy alternatives are needed. To know when to compromise after considering the principles and crafting the tools is my lesson learned. I passed the course but it is not a 'touch and go' course.
Thatcoursewasreallyintrestingand usefull for my relfexions about the challenges i'll have to take on in the future. It really encouraged my to think about several subjects. It also really prouve me that I can influence on those challenges, and I feel I can be usfull to my and all the futures générations. A lot was said during those courses, but I know much remains to be said…
It has provided me the knowledge and hope to be able to stay on top of local and federal government.  The course was easily accessible and with the ability to go at my own pace to research, daily tasks and disability; I was able to successfully gain the knowledge I have desired for so long.  Thank UVA and Frank Batton for providing this opportunity and gift of knowledge.
In the formation of grand strategies that remains ambitious  Proper Puplic Policy formation can address the disconnections in the knowledge management which seems a particular challenge in the post-conflict states. This course is important and it is recommended to all those who are dealing with any of the challenges in the public sector in General.
Truly an excellent course with a diverse selection of topics and speakers. I was blown away. However, I am doing this in 2018. Given the drastic changes in American Politics since the November 2016 elections, which is causing tectonic shifts in global policy issues, this course needs to be URGENTLY updated. By the way, I am NOT an American citizen.
Wonderful speakers!  Prof Warburg was artful and generous in this curriculum with a great showcase of speakers, topics and richness of content..  I took as a review and refresher of US public policy and also wanting to know the most current issues/ conversations.  The Frank Batten School and UVA  were amazing, timely and thoughtful.  Thank you!!
This course was higly informative. Throughout this course, new things will be learned and lessons are pretty understandable.What I like most about this course, is that there were actual students, asking questions, which put me into atmosphere of real university.Thank you, Professor Warburg and all the staff and lecturers that were invited!
Amazing course!  Especially if you are a novice and want to comprehend U.S policy.  However, it also brings up universal topics that are affecting our daily life and will affect our way to discuss policy.  Because at the end of the day, we all talk about politics and give opinions.  This course will give fundaments to several opinions.
Fantastic Learning! I am a Public Policy professional in India- working on specific US- India Policies, for over a decade. This Course helped me learn/ reinforce many ideas and idealogies that will help broaden my thinking horizon- and approach towards domestic and multinational public policies ( making and implementation).Thank You!
A Very informative course that makes ones mind open that rapid technological changes  are not enough to put peer presure on the policy making governing departments, rather an input at each level (citizens & Public) and thinking at broader aspect can bring the constant change to a new level and thus will benefit the national interest.
An informative and very relevant discussion. This will surely help us. future policy makers in understanding issues that affects our nations on a national level and even on an international level. I hope that there will be part two of this course that focuses on Local Government or State Government. Thank you and God Bless.
I loved this course. I learned a lot and got to see things that I probably wouldn't have ever been able to otherwise. Not only was the course informational and enlightening, it was also extremely empowering. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who is interested in policy, public service, or government.
This course has been outstanding, from the professor and the quality of guest speakers. Thank you so much for giving the opportunity for those of us abroad to be able to take this course and increment the knowledge we have about public policy and how we can become the future leaders of the world in our countries.
A fascinating overview of public policy's current and future challenges. As a political science major I was familiar with some of the topics, but it was intriguing to learn more about policy and hear from experts. The weekly course load is not overwhelming but still educational, which was certainly a plus.
Thoroughly enjoyed and learnt so much. Although not based in the US I was able to learn a lot that can be applied in my own country. A fantastic course with brilliant guest speakers. I also want to thank Professor Warburg who presented really well and made the whole course educational but not overwhelming.
"Public Policy Challenges of the 21st Century" is the nice course for understanding  the political and healthcare system of United Stated, before passing this course i was very bit aware of the healthcare system of the US but now i feel that i have know how of Public Policy Challenges of the 21st Century.
My first Coursera course and I really enjoyed it and have learned a lot. Was engaging and challenged me a bit too. Given the rapid rate of change (in the US and globally) it would be great to have an updated version of this course to account for Trump's election and the chaos of Corona virus.
I want to thank the University of Virginia for an insightful and great course. Also, many thanks to Prof. Gerry Warburg for such curated content. I would love to join The Frank Batten School of Leadership and Public Policy in an MPP  program. It was an exciting journey overall.
This course provides me a wider idea about the public policy and the future challenges. The discussions and the sharing ideas really help me to understand the core issues. I am really thankful to Professor Gerry Warburg and the entire team, to provide us a wonderful platform.
This was a tremendous course! It really helped me foresee the challenges left ahead for we, the current 21st century youths , whether in the US or elsewhere; as they are transnational in scope. It also gave me the tools to address those challenges more confidently. Thank you!
Fantastic and informative. At times, a little irrelevant or confusing to international students (the President can do what?), but the core message and information of the course are universal, fascinating and vital to our collective and individual future. Highly recommended.
This course posed some very interesting questions about the challenges ahead of us. The variety of experienced guest speakers made it very enriching, and, despite it being very U.S.-oriented, I believe powerful lessons can be learned for those of us in other countries.
Best Public Policy course I have come across!! Wonderful teaching and discussions. Very informative and educative. even the quiz seemed to be challenging. definitely must take for everyone wanting to pursue a career/education in public sphere anywhere around the world
Thanks for the very helpful and classy introduction into some of the most pressing policy issues. It helped me to learn about the US issues but also to reflect how these issues spill over to issues with have in the rest of the world and my home country Switzerland.
I really loved the course, thank you for this incredible opportunity of listening and learning from such incredible personalities. I really loved the topics, everything was clear. I expect sometime I could go to the University of Virginia and learn more from them.
One of the best courses I have every attended. Really well designed and executed. Sitting in India and going through he course still made so much sense and showed how we are all bound together in this struggle to build a better future for humanity!
Public Policy challenges are provided in a clear and simple manner. I love the lectures. And beyond public policy, the course also provides insight into leadership and how the 21st century youths can prepare to tackle future policy issues.
Very Comprehensive material presented. The presenters were very knowledgeable and their first hand experience made me more interested in the material presented. I look forward to more courses presented by the University. Great experience.
Great class. I wish they had more classes related to PP from UVA. I greatly enjoyed the lectures, the readings and the whole process. There are so many areas of PP. I hope UVA will continue to produce classes with focus on those PP areas.
Thoroughly enjoyed the entire sessions. All the speakers were amazing with huge experience. The sessions were enriching. I feel the learnings will help me ion addressing my day to day business as usual work in a much better manner.
A thought provoking course that has peaked my interest in public policy. The time commitment was manageable and the material covered was informative. I highly recommend this course for those considering a major in public policy.
A very helpful and an important subject that most individuals need to pay attention to. Most of the data and information are very relevant to what is happening in the globe and the current changes in policies in various sectors
Great course. As a non-American student, I found that this course enhanced my understanding of American political discourse as well as the stated goals of describing the likely policy challenges of the 21st century.
Anything less than phenomenal would be an understatement!! The course has been prepared very articulately, keeping in mind the diverse perspectives, discussions and futuristic challenges related to public policy.
This is a great course! I learned so many things related to social and cultural issues. Public Policy is beyond Washington DC and this course will help you to understand this in a much better way.Great program!!!
This course is the first one I ever had on Coursera. And it is very helpful for me to grasp a sense and build a foundation on public policy. Also, it gives me a view of college class vibe in UVA. Great indeed!
Thanks a lot to Coursera and UVA to share this course with the students of 195 countries. Its been pleasure learning with coursera. I have learned about some important tools that will be useful in the future.
This was one of the most very exciting if not the most exciting course I have ever taken. Very interactive and engaging. I look forward to another course. I am so grateful to have been a part of this class.
This is a particularly exceptional course of study, grounded in a well-balanced view of politics at the Federal level. Take it and enjoy, while learning and discussing American Politics and Government.
This was a wonderful course, it debates the future of the world in different aspects: social, political, economics, war, health and other big challenges the humanity will have to deal with.
Great course and I would like to thank this extraordinary school for going deep into some of the crucial topics in Public Policy/ Loved the experts who shared their views and experiences!
Best way of teaching sharing the practical aspects so that the students are aware about the dynamism of the subject and search for a solution in a technology driven dynamic soceity
one of the best course to learn and to develop critical analysis in the field of public policy. Will recommend any one who has interest in Public Policy and Politics as a whole
A must-take course to people interested in how US policies work at the domestic level o at the international level. Great teacher, even greater speechers. I just loved it!
Excellent course to help understanding the policy challenges of the 21st century. The quiz sections too are learner friendly which helps to continue the overall progress
This course was extremely interesting and I am glad that the Frank Batten School of Public Policy and Leadership decided to have this course open to the general public.
I love this course! It was very informative and insightful. It also makes me more interested in the functioning of government, and makes me more engaged as a citizen.
I liked the course structure and guest professors. But two things that I liked best was - 1. Classroom videos where students ask questions and 2. Gerry Warburg.
It's one of the best MOOC course if you are into public service because it will open up your mind on how can we adapat on the public challenges in the future.
The team of Public Policy have taken a lot of effort to discuss their ideas with us. Their preparation was strong, and diligent planning to make this happen
excellent course to get hands-on knowledge and insights on current and future global and US public policy issues and challenges from top-class practioners
I believe this is an excellent and very valuable course. I believe that an online printable statement of accomplishment should be given to every student.
I enjoyed taking this course. I learned a lot about public policy. This course will give me the skills needed to succeed in working in local government.
As a matter of fact, I am grateful to the instructor. Feeling the intense joy of the most profound satisfaction ever. It is indeed an incredible course
Amazingly produced and thought out course. They ​utilize some of the top field specialists and provide video lectures in a creative and thorough way.
Excellent format, content and speakers. Informative, thought provoking, engaging and extremely pertinent in today's critical political situation.
Covered a variety of interesting topics. But perhaps more importantly, advanced a sorely-needed spirit of optimism in today's political climate.
Thank you for the opportunity to continue learning Public Policy. Thanks also to Professor Warburg for teaching and sharing an elegant class.
This is an excellent course for beginners to step into public policy and develop the knowledge on some current issues and future missions.
Super amazing learnings that can be related to a wide spectrum of settings, including mine. Thanks a lot the UV for making this happen!
One word: Enthralling.More words: The UVa Program is showing strength with this course, only three weeks in and enjoying it immensely.
I really loved the flow of the course. I wish to suggest one feedback that is to give some written assignments to the students.
I really loved the lecture-styled videos provided in this course & learned so much about how individuals become policymakers.
Great informative course ever public policy in Coursera. All of the instructor from various fields make awesome this course.
This was a very informative class. I recommend it as a beginning course for anyone who has an interest in public policy.
Love the way it is taught with practical examples. Truly an exceptional course for those want a public policy course!
A must for future leaders to be well equiped  to solve the next generations socio, economic and political challenges.
I am watching the introduction and i'm impressed at the effort the professor and his TAs put in for this MOOC course
Really great course !(His name should rather be Amercian Public Policy Challenges of the 21st Century though)
Very informative course! If you are interested in public policy, I strongly recommend you take this course!!
Excellent course, which provides an in-depth analysis of various crucial topics of public policy challenges.
Just excellent.  I learned so much from the course,  the selection of the guest speakers was phenomenal.
This is a great subject to understand the public policy challenges of the 21st century. Thanks so much!
Great Course from the Batten school. Got a lot benefits from well experienced and knowledgable people
Excellent Course! I like it so much! Thank you for giving me the opportunity to take this course. :)
I really enjoyed this class. It was produced exceptionally well and the guest speaker format kept it
A great course with valuable insights into public policy challenges faces now and in the future.
Great Course. Would be positive if more international related material/ examples are included.
Great course. Focused mainly in the US, but with good learnings applicable to other countries
A very insightful course about the Public Policy challenges faced in the contemporary times.
Great course as a physician I enjoy in particularly the week related with Health Economics
The quality of the guest speakers and topics of discussion far surpassed my expectations.
IT IS VERY INFORMATIVE AND USEFUL COURSE FOR SOMEONE WHO TAKES INTEREST IN PUBLIC POLICY
The first lesson already gave me such a nice article to read... I am loving this course!
PUBLIC POLICY CHALLENGES ARE INEVITABLE IN THE 21ST CENTURY GLOBAL POLITICAL ARENA.
This course is helpful to learn the Public policy Challenges of the 21st Century.
I wish the class was  longer. I learned so much and loved the guest  lectures.
Excellent course by the University of VA! I definitely recommend this course.
Amazing course! It helps you look at the world with a whole new perspective!
Thank u so much. I really liked it, I learned a lot . I enjoyed your course
Great class! Both Professor Warburg and the guests speakers were fantastic.
This was an excellent course from start to finish!  Highly recommended!
It seems to me that the course will be very much effective for all
Very interesting topic and i have learn many thing in this course
Excellent course content and guest speakers. One of its kind.
Really enjoyed the class and discussions. Would recommend.
The course is very interestingI love itAnd I learnt alot
Quality speakers and current topics with good discussion
the  course was tasking,demanding but very worth it
Fantastic introductory to modern policy challenges!
Great Courses with provided lectures are wonderful
Excelllent teacher and course. Congratulations!!
Wonderful design of a course. I appreciate it.
Very inciteful and helpful for future studies
A very helpful course that I love so much.
Three weeks in and I am loving the course.
What an Inspiring and futuristic course!
That was tremendous course i meet ever!
very great course, i have learn a lot
What a great kick off! So far so good
Great content that applies globally.
It is the best course I've ever had.
A sound learning of public policy!
Excellent course, very rewarding.
Great. I am so happy. Thank you.
i like the approach by professor
Public policy and it challenges
Very good course. Introductory.
Loved this class so much!!!!!
Throughly enjoyed the course
Very interesting course...
I really liked the course.
Executive was so good
awesome lectures!
