Although the content is interesting, I would have liked it better had the content and the instructor been a little more engaging.
This is a very "traditional" history class with huge blindspots and embarrassingly limited viewpoints.
Can not submit quizzes without purchase of certificate... Boo
8 hour waiting period after 3 tries is a pain in the arse. One more try and i would have had it.
I Want To Un Enroll.....
I am giving this 3 stars for one reason.  Although the instructor was terrific and the subject matter interesting, you cannot take the quizzes/tests without purchasing the course (I like to test my retention of the material).  As I am an elderly and retired audit-only student and have NO interest in getting a certificate or using the course for college credit, I found that off-putting and dropped the class.  Hopefully, other Coursera courses are not going to adopt the same requirement.
There is much to praise: nice mapwork, a steady and organized march through time, and some interesting case studies (I especially enjoyed the lecture on Henry Adams). However, the title is a complete misnomer, as the course is regrettably white bread history. I found the approach stale and western-centric, as the content actually covers western Europe and the stretch of its influence through the time period. I also found myself questioning the veracity of many conclusions, as the lecture often had difficulty citing more than a couple specific points of evidence for his arguments.
You have to pay to take the the tests. You might as well watch videos on YouTube or better yet get on Khan Academy. I did like the instructor. Even though he takes a while to warm up, he's really good at showing the big picture connections of why things happened.
I believe the assessments focus on insignificant details mentioned in the presentations rather than the big ideas that I believed was the crux of the course.
It does not let it show as completed unless you purchase the course and take the quizzes.  Quizzes cannot be taken unless you purchase the course.
If I'd mention the most important and special merits of this course, I'll say TWO points; 1st: that the methodology of it really concentrates on the global history as a a DISTINCTIVE global history not just the sum of smaller nations' or inter-nations' history and 2nd: Its way of telling the sequence of the events from the perspectives of statesmen which the prof prefers to call "Situation-Problem-Solution Cycle". in another hand, talking about its cons; it's, in some ways, adopting the narrative of imperialist white world.. I have seen that obvious in many occasions through the course.
*The initial portion of the course shows very good reasons behind rapid global development but *The big picture of the world development was not summarized well enough in the end and *The slides and drawing with the help of the stylus was very poor.
So, I like it, but I'm not sure it ever useful to me. Although, it was interesting :)
It's not a very good compromise to offer the quizzes for free but not the grades.
Quizzes were very minute fact oriented
Hi! I'm a student and your fan from India. I'm feeling so honoured and empowered to study from an academician who has been the executive director of the 9/11 commission and Counselor of the Department of state. I know it's a part of your job but teaching is such a noble profession.Things I Loved:1. You explain stuff pretty simply without complicating them.2. Effective use of maps has been made3. I like it when you write in your own handwriting, adds a more personal touch to the videos.Things which could be improved according to me:1. Your Background is boring, endless stock of scary books, it makes videos monotonous. You could try changing your location sometimes or a simple background with 1-2 plants :)2. It gets a little confusing in Week 1 especially when we are just starting out.3. No English subtitles are available for week 7 video 1  4. Is it possible to add some sort of animation or videos or something like that?
Being a professor as well (though in computer science), I know how hard it is to get the full attention of the students. I congratulate Prof. Zelikow for his achievements. This course has capture my attention and I was eager to watch the next presentation. I learned a lot and I just have a single point (actually a suggestion), which is that each module should finish with a list of literature for those seeking more info on particular topics. Apart from this, a well balanced course. Not easy to put together stuff about 250 years of History.
This is the longest course that I have completed thus far on Coursera. I have to say, overall, this course was a comprehensive, intriguing and informative experience. The professor comes off as very engaging and knowledgeable. I would never tire of listening to his way of explaining things. He does a great job at breaking down events in history into digestible chunks that link together cohesively. He really made me see history as a series of events and decisions that all build up on one another. One particular aspect I appreciated was his use of art as examples. He did a great job selecting art pieces and contextualizing them to the topic we were covering. It definitely gave me a deeper sense of the concept that he was addressing. Moreover, I appreciated the fact that this wasn't as Euro-centric as a lot of  world history courses tend to be. He introduced me to some things I either never heard of (King Leopold's atrocious plundering of the Congo) or things that have never really been fully fleshed out for me (the slave revolts in Haiti ).  He does a great job at making those key connections that help you explain why it something happened. For example, how the Louisiana purchase  was not just sold by France willy nilly but that it was due to their defeat in Haiti that led them to sell the territory to the United States.Moving on to some cons that attributed to my 4-star rating, I'd like to point out two cons. The first is that I felt there wasn't much in the course besides watching the lectures. As insightful as they may be, I would have liked more reading material to follow up on topics discussed. Additionally, I would have liked discussion prompts here and there so the learner can make sense of the information by writing it out and discussing it with others. There were times I felt it was much too passive. I know there are discussion boards for this course, but it's not the same as them appearing after lectures like in other Coursera courses.  Lastly, the other con that I'd like to mention is the way the quizzes are. A lot of the questions were about overly specific dry facts like numbers, percentages and dates. I would have appreciated more concept-checking questions to see because that's what can really help in assuring the content was received well. Overall, I thought this is a great overview of some major transitions that all seem to lead into the significant clashes of the 20th century. I look forward to taking the follow up course and I thank the professor for taking his time to make all these lecture videos.
Very interesting and intriguing, quizzes are a bit hard because they cover so much material so if you are a working individual I feel it's almost impossible to accomplish but it's nice for general knowledge.Two notes-First, it would be nice if the professor wouldn't use "get yourself comfortable" in the beginning of EACH video - it is a bit annoying.Second, on quizzes & tests it's recommended that you omit the sentence "in the presentation" that starts EVERY question/quizz/test because obviously it is based on what we are presented in the videos so it's just time consuming, in my opinion.Besides that, great for general knowledge, awesome teacher, I really enjoyed this course, thank you!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course for how history has been uniquely contextualized by the honorable professor. The reasons behind what happened have been enlightening. I am taking one 🌟 off from the rating for maybe involuntary but obvious downplaying of tyranny of colonialism and imperialism. The devastating effects of colonial era still continue in Africa, South Asia and Latin America; apparent from these regions being poorest in the world. Other than seemingly whitening of—or making appear less dark—the white man's black acts, the course is very informative.
Good presentations.  Enjoyed the lectures, good information, and good illustrations and maps.  I'm grateful to have this opportunity to learn about this period.   Phillip Zelikow takes you through the history through time zones, while visiting various ideas and happenings around different parts of the world, and how they are interconnected.    I would like to see some reading material for further understanding (not just suggested books).  Overall, I would recommen
It took a little while to get interested in the course, but by the end of first week it began to get interesting. I liked the professor and his friendly style. It is definitely an overview of the major events of history. One can always find out details about events that one wants to know more about. This course gives a broad idea about world history and in a way helps us see what the future would be like. Because history does repeat itself.
Dr. Zelikow is a fairly engaging lecturer. I like his emphasis on the why things occurred and the focus on the situation and decisions people were making which made the course much more interesting than just reciting the facts. I would encourage him to consider making fuller use of the media available for online courses which I think could increase student engagement. I plan to take the second half of this course.
Good lectures, analytical narration, with short quizzes at the end of each lecture. What I didn't appreciate (more about the Coursera platform) was needing to pay to take the final quizzes in order to count as having progressed to the next parts of the course. The quizzes themselves are a little too facts-based to be too useful as a marker of having understood the concepts in the lectures.
Excellent overview and an inspired teacher....BUT:1.A short bibliography for each week/session would be extremely helpful.2.Response and interactive involvement by the teacher in the discussions would be appreciated.3. Lecture notes and Illustrations in digital  format would be wonderful as a reference for further work and non-native english speakers.ThanksRod Allwright
Another great course from a professor at UVA!  Almost all of the lectures were engaging.  He teaches history in an easily accessible way, using very good maps, diagrams, paintings, and clear illustrations of his topics.  I would recommend this course everyone, but especially folks who find history to be a dry, dusty thing, as he breathes life into the material.
Content is 5 for sure. The fact that they keep suggesting to go for a verified course however is a little bit annoyig, so 1 star off for that. I think it would be more appropriate to give an option to disable future asking similar to how ratings on Android work. That being said, the course is excellent I'm taking this for pure fun and it really is,  ... fun! :D
Great class if you are looking for an overview of the 150-year span between the Enlightenment and World War I. What is unique (as far as classes I've taken) is that it makes mention of events in South America, the Middle East and Asia beyond how they affected the European or American powers.
Really interesting. I would like some recommended lectures (chapters or text or whole books) per week. Also the last weeks, the professor make extended use of handwriting when some slides would did the same but the plus of some additional notes in the fly are welcome.
Presentation and content are excellent. The only thing I dislike is that some of the videos are excessively long (30+ minutes). Coursera recommends no longer than about 10 minutes per video. It's hard to pay close attention for such long periods in an online course.
I thought the instructor was excellent. He engaged with the viewer in the video and was not dry and boring. He really kept my attention and framed information well. Some prompting questions once a week for discussion in the work forum might be nice.
This was great. For em, a person who's just in need of learning new things, this is great. Besides, there's no limit of certifications that you can have.  But, I still don't think these videos cover everything covered in a professional university.
Someone who doesn't know history is destined to repeat it.  I'm not a fan of history, so why take this class? Because I believe in the first statement and wanted an overview of how we got to where we are.  This is a great course for that.
Excellent overview of the period. Engaging professor who alternates well between zooming in and keeping the big picture. The course could do with some readings or notes separate from lecture transcripts to cement a few topics.
Very interesting, and probably useful too, as a student starting UK A-Levels next year. I thought it was slightly Eurocentric, but unlike many others taking the course, I was quite happy with it being rather self-contained.
Interesting course, well presented with just the right amount of charts and graphics, a talk and chalk approach. Some of the diagrams could have been higher resolution to enable better understanding on a first run through
I think the course is interesting, but very general. The lecturer is very good and all presentations are clear.There is a lack of references and links to self-study.
Very broad history, good for people who want to cover a lot of basic history. The professor is easy to listen to and gives great examples for better understanding!
I liked the approach of the topic and the narration style. The focus on finding reasons behind historical moments is a good feature of this course.
Very engaging professor, easily understood. The obvious editing was very distracting and made one wonder what was being deleted.
Course presentations are very, very interesting. However, quizzes only very poorly assess the knowledge of the participants.
Very glad to have found this course. Thank you Coursera and to the guide Mr. Philip Sir for taking us through this journey.
Zelikow is great at explaining things. Would love if the slides were downloadable and had a bit more content in them.
Very interesting course, Philip was a fantastic guide through this period of history that built our odern world
This course was great because history has always fascinated me and this helped fuel my love of history.
the colonisation of Indian subcontinent and its economic degradation was not properly reflected
The course was very interesting and the professor explained really well in simple ways.
Excellent Oration packed with wonderful analysis. History has never been so much fun.
Is a very good course. It will be better if multimedia tools are included as well.
Great overview showing the real movements and influences that spurn history!
GREAT COURSE!! only need improvement regarding the test question's nature
The course is good, but requiring a purchase to do the quizzes is not.
It had a lot of information, however there wasn't a vary of sources.
worldview of many facts and ideologies, the history in global scale
Nice content with good explanation, effective teaching with humour
Would be great to have slides available to help for future review.
Excellent course. Good way of giving details and illustration
nice course to understand the history from a different view!
Good lectures, although I prefer application based courses.
Overall good class--instructor is lively and engaging
good course for those who have interest in history
The videos are too long. Please cut them short.
Great contents. Great professor. Loved it.
A much much valuable course...
Interesting take on history
Loved it !
The best Modern World History course. I wish professor had a book on the course written by himself, he explains every event from a number of perspectives, which is absolutely great.
In the 10 years, I reckon I've spent about as much time doing courses as being asleep... I've done University degrees (graduate degree, 2 masters and a PhD), personal development courses, courses on sports and activities (sailing, long distance swimming, gliding) and, in the last few monts, I must have done about 11 MOOCs. This course goes straight into my top 10 all time favorite courses list, and is definitely the one I enjoyed the most in 2017. The course helped me understand how societies and economies have evolved over the years, which is a prerequisite for appreciating the basis on which modern societies are built on. The course is delivering by a prominent academic who knows what he's talking about. There is a good flow from lecture to lecture and the presenter makes a solid effort to presents facts, rather than his own (or others') judgements.All in all, I felt this is a great, eye-opening and thought provoking course, and I'd recommend everybody with an interest in politics, society and modern history to give it a shot.
This is a terrific course, amazing prevention, but it does lack reading material that Virginia's full online course has, it would be nice to have a deeper engamente with the subjects.
An excellent synthesis of history. The teacher explains the topics very well and is entertaining. As a Latin American, I miss that nothing is mentioned about the history of independence and Spanish power at that time. It is logical that there are always topics left. Although the English and Americans have built the world since 1700, there are good stories from the Latin American side. No mention was made of the great inflation unleashed in Europe by Spanish gold. It would also be interesting to include the big scams that happened and some characters in France, who shaped capitalism. You could go deeper into banking and other characters like Robert Owen who I think was the first true socialist. But as I said the subject is extensive and I learned a lot. I am a 53 year old Colombian who studied by general culture. Convey the most sincere congratulations and thanks to the professor. A hug. Una excelente síntesis de la historia . El profesor explica muy bien los temas y es entretenido. Como latinoamericano extrañe que no se menciona nada de la historia de la independencia y del poderío español en esa época. Es lógico que siempre se quedan temas. si bien los ingleses y los norteamericanos han construido el mundo desde 1700 hay buenos relatos  del lado latinoamericano. No se menciono nada de la gran inflación que se desató en Europa por el oro Español. Seria interesante también incluir las grandes estafas que ocurrieron y algunos personajes  en Francia, que moldearon el capitalismo. Se podría profundizar en la banca y en otros personajes como Robert Owen que creo que fue el primer verdadero socialista. Pero como dije el tema es extenso y aprendí mucho. Soy un colombiano de 53 años que estudio por cultura general. Transmitanle al profesor mis mas sinceras felicitaciones y gracias. Un abrazo.
I completed both parts of this course--a lot of work, but well worth the effort. My last formal history course was a two-semester sequence called "Modern Civilization," which I took as an undergraduate at UNC-Chapel Hill back in the late 1960s. It's amazing how much my perspective on history and studying history has changed over a half century.It might be helpful for a student to have had some exposure to European and American history prior to taking this two-course sequence. A knowledge of world geography would also be beneficial. The quizzes in part 2 seemed to cover more material than the quizzes in part 1, which required me to change my study habits a bit. This two-part course, however, was well worth the time and money spent. In fact, I can't remember when I got so much out of such a modest purchase!
An excellent history course and very thoughtfully presented. It doesn't rely on memorizing a bunch of dates and events but pulls it together in a story. Rather than focus on "What," "When," or "How," it focused on "Why." Its professor is a very learned and notable figure in both American Academia and Politic having lead the 9/11 commission but refusing to sanction the doctrine of pre-emptive strike. Frankly if they'd have taken his course, they'd have known why. I highly recommend this course to anyone who loves history and wants a different perspective or anyone who wants to know more or wants to pull together the facts they've had swimming around in their head for years!
"Events, dear boy": yes, yes, we know, but Professor Zelikow is determined to steer his students beyond events to a questioning of causality - to the whys as well as the mere whats. In addition, the course is very well structured, and pitched I would say absolutely perfectly for the curious generalist. Only cavil is that one or two lectures are perhaps a touch too compressed, even for such a brief course (week three, for example). Overall I would thoroughly recommend this course: I'm not sure I've ever spent €46 so well. On now to Part Two!
It took me a long time to finish this. By having an all-nighter, I continued learning different aspects of the world that shaped our today's world. The course materials are very informative and analyzed.
The explanation of the various historical events which shaped the world is beautifully explained and the transition from one era to another is very smooth, making it a wonderful experience.
The course was very informative. Teacher focused on ideas and ideologies rather than just facts.The course helped me to know what shaped the world in the 18th and 19th century.
Illuminating course to help understand how the world got to be the way it is today and frankly to help understand the whys and hows the Western world dominated so much during this period.  Also, extremely eye opening on non-Western histories of Africa, India, and China.  I was shocked at the calamities and instability that China went through during this period and the resulting precariousness of their survival at the turn of the last century.  The course also whets the appetite for more because the professor emphasizes the "whys" and not just the "hows".  I've sought out other books, Hollywood movies, and web searches based on what the professor has shared in the course.  I look forward to taking part two.
A great course on predominantly the western course of history from 1760 to 1910; one that focuses on ideas and movements that shaped the world, not a course that focuses on western history for reasons of eurocentrism alone. Where the course is eurocentric, it is so by necessity, a symptom of a well-balanced, well-structured course that strives for an approach that poses questions in an earnest and truthful manner.The professor who runs this course is a highlight. His voice and presentation style makes the course that much easier to enjoy. I hope to later follow him and pay attention to his external writings and insights, even in my time beyond studying this online course.
This is a phenomenal introduction to what happened in the world between 1760 and 1910. Not only the professor is able to explain ''what'' happened but most importantly he makes a super emphasis on ''why'' things happened the way they did. The split between the ''what'' and the ''why'' is about 50/50 which I find quite rare as many of my previous learning experiences concentrated primarily on the ''what'' which is not enough to truly understand life and the world. Super course for those interested in the innerworkings of human beings, the choices they have made and the systems those chhave created.
This is an exceedingly well constructed course presented with ease and confidence. It takes a rather difficult subject and explains it with fluency and most importantly clarity. Even someone who is marginally acquainted with world history from the 18th century onward will find it illuminating and very insightful. It really encourages the student to look deeper into specific issues raised in the course of the lectures. I thoroughly enjoyed all the video lessons and the graded quizzes were just difficult enough to be interesting. I am looking forward to taking the second part of the course.
I was interested to learn History but books were so boring for me, so I chose Coursera and now I can explore World History, how global forces interact with each other and influence lives of people in the community through this course.Throughout the course Dr. Philip will not only explain about the history but he also tries to reason "Why it happened ?". In some of the videos, he even decodes the message hidden in art works of the past.It is indeed a fascinating subject which is beautifully narrated. I look forward to take the second part of World history. Thank you
Dear Professor, I really enjoyed the course, the way you describe and explain the interactions between the differents continents & countries, illustrated by some local stories. I enjoyed it also because you are American, so you are looking at the history from a different point of view than would for example a French historian.  As a matter of fact, listening to you I had a feeling that you were not very impressed by Napoléon Bonaparte ( which is a great hero in France) , neither by Napoléon the 3rd :), this is a subject I need to explore more. Thank you.
The course covers an extensive important period of time and in a very organized way. You never get lost. The quizzes are of remarkable level, very well-thought and never superficial. The way things get related and start making sense helped me get to another level in my knowledge of history. I will never study any subject without making reference to other important events that happened elsewhere. And will always refer my readings on this theme to what I learned in this course. Great chance to watch Professor Zelikow's classes from Brazil. Thanks Coursera!
An absolutely blissful course. A well organised and balanced review of an immense topic, delivered in an engaging and personal style. I can not recommend this course high enough, especially for those who have some understanding of the 19th century history, but are looking for a more overarching and cohesive view. Dr. Zelikow delivers the information at a perfect pace and in an engaging manner, and it is hard to imagine how the course can be improved, as it clearly achieves what is sets out to do.
I'm enjoying this course very much and looking forward to Part II. I appreciate the approach that ties everything together with larger themes and trends -- and identifies the reasons and motivations behind them as well as identifying regional causes for global events and the impact of global events on individual regions. This class is accessible to students who are not history majors but on the other hand is not simplified -- it's challenging enough to keep intelligent people interested.
Wow, what a fantastic class. I love how Philip doesn't just talk about a bunch of dates, but really brings in humor, paintings, poems or things from literature, and really does a great job of painting a global view. But it doesn't feel overwhelming considering the topic. Things are presented in an easy-to-understand way each class, and you can tell he really likes this topic, as I found myself more and more interested in all that he was presenting. That's the sign of a great teacher.
The course covered a huge amount of material but was presented in a clear concise way. I liked the way it pulled together so many different ideas and referred to places all over the world, giving the big picture as well as a fair amount of illustrative detail. The presenter was clear and concise in his delivery and paced it so the student could follow quite complicated material easily.  I would have like to have the results of the quizzes before deciding whether to purchase
This is a fantastic course. I have read many books on this period in history including Eric Hobswam, some on China, the American Civil War etc.  This course very nicely summarizes the relationships of these events and also take a look at the WHY part. I highly recommend this to student of history.  I also recognize thanks to the help of the course on the IT revolution that we currently see and the disruption that is caused by it in our lives.
An excellent course drawing together so many facets. We tend to learn history in silos - where we know about European history, Latin American history, American history and Asian history, but largely in isolation from one another and thus fail to see many of the interconnecting themes, and how what happens in one part of the world influences change in another. With this course, and part 2, you can begin to attain that perspective.
This is a perfectly structured course. The professor is one of the best instructors one could hope for on a subject like History. The course delves into the events unfolding around the world. However, it also manages to tie them together into a sort of "why" and "why not" and "what else could have happened" perspective, which is essential to understanding the events. I've already enrolled for Part Two, and I cannot wait to begin.
Excellent class. I made myself comfortable and listened intently to a professor whose demeanor both vocally and visually invited spirited attention. I enjoyed how it was not a linear depiction of history but one that demonstrated history as ongoing and alive when dealing with situations, solutions and then new and different problems. Thank you Professor Zelikow. I am looking forward to part 2 of history in the modern world.
I just audited this course for the fun of it with an interest in seeing patterns from the past in order to understand our present.  I enjoyed the presentation and the professor's thematic approach and his relaxed conversational presentation style.  I feel like I got exactly what I hoped to get out of it. I particularly found his use of images from the various countries and time periods helpful and memorable.
Professor Zelikow is making the subject interesting and is presenting me, for the 1st time with insight into the causes of many wars and revolutions in not only the Americas, but also in Europe and how they were all largely tied to the same causes.  It has also opened my eyes to what is going on in the World today and how similar some of the underlying causes are the same now as they were in centuries past.
thought invoking and very insightful! Really constructive to understanding the reasons and choices made by individuals rather than the traditional narrative. These ideas and patterns can be continually observed in present day, all culminating to the fact that history is interconnected and a ongoing narrative. Big words aside, this class really fueled my love for history! would strongly recommend!
A fantastic introduction to the world contemporary. This was the first course I took with Coursera and I did not know what to expect. Professor Zelikow helps us revisit and put in perspective facts and historical episodes we think we know. The quality of the course went beyond my expectations.  Highly recommended and delighted to see there is a second course covering the contemporary period.
What an amazing journey it was through modern world till 1910. I have really learned a lot from this course. History of various countries through various perspectives is really important plus point of this course. Prof. zelikov makes you think and goes deeper in every aspect of the history. I feel myself lucky to have this online course.Thanks coursera and the team of University of Virginia.
I actually took the pair of courses in backwards order and as I was finishing Part one (after part II) I was ready to go and do Part II again. Really enjoyed these to courses very much. Enough detail but also broad enough to cover many things that were happening in the world. Highly recommended as a course to get an overview on what was happening in the 2 plus centuries this course covers.
The course is really interesting with and provides a great, broad perspective on the events of 18th and 19th Century. It's not focused on the dates and single events, but rather looks at the processes their origins and consequences. The lectures are a pleasure to watch and are packed with facts and analysis. Highly recommended to anyone who wants to learn more about the modern history!
The lecturer focuses on the reasons and circumstances which drive historical events, rather than just lay out the events without reasoning. It is shown how art in its many forms demonstrates and mirrors the views of the common people, of the elite, and of whole ideologies. The course motivates initiative by showing how historically initiative was the reason for progress and success.
Fascinating and broad, I have studied this time period on two occasions at different educational establishments as part of other courses but I still found this course engaging. It gives a broad and fairly global view of events - and shows the interconnections, which I thought was very good. I hope to be able to find time to take the second part of this course in the near future.
This course gave me an overall understanding of the globe of that period of time.  This course helped me to understand why individual countries were in the situation they were. I am not into academic pursue but fully enjoyed the course.  The professor was very clear about his ideas and pleasant to follow.  Highly recommend for all people interested in modern history.
It is a great course. Professor Zeliklow smiles and converses with us the great events of world history. He explains to us in depth why did the things happened as they did. In this 7 weeks course, I have learned a lot about the world history from 1760 to 1910. Many gaps in my knowledge has been filled by the depth of the matter. Thank you for this great course.
This has been a very interesting course. As a Catalan student, I'm happy to learn History from the American point of view, because I can get to know politicans and authors who are never mentioned in Spain. I have really enjoyed the videos in which the French Revolution is explained. The pictures and the diagrams make the organization of the ideas quite easier.
Big thanks to prof. Zelikow and University of Virginia for making history so interesting, and this course a joy to watch. I feel like I got a new perspective of today's world and the processes that will shape our future.I recommend the course to people of all professional backgrounds and interests, even those who never liked history in their student days.
The Professor is very eloquent, interesting and has a remarkable virtue of keeping you in the loop of everything he's explaining, it almost seems effortless to engage in the topic of the video. I find the course extremely valuable, I'm learning A LOT and am able to connect the dots like I have never been able in my current education.Thanks Professor!
History tends to repeat itself so the more historical knowledge gained, the better understanding of current conditions.  This course was one of the best I've taken and in particular the Professor's explanation of not only the data but the "why".  So much occurs before and around an event that it is sometimes easy to jump to incorrect conclusions.
This course is very comprehensive. It giive us a realy Global perspective of the importante facts in History that changed the world in many aspects. I just loved it. The tests are not simple, so I advice people to take notes during the classes because it give us lots of information. In order to pass you have to pay attention even in the detail
Very
informative and hard-working course. I recommend this course to those, who love
world history, aren’t idle and are ready watching approximately two
hours video-lectures and doing quizzes per
week, each consisting of 20 questions. But, in spite of this,
ultimately, my hopes have come true and I have got great pleasure by doing
it.
Prossor Zelikow does a fantastic job with world history!! He gives a wonderfully refreshing "Big picture" view during this period of time. Thankfully he constantly reminds us of the "why this happened" instead of the usually boring "and then this happened..."Crystal clear presentation and wonderfully  informative! Highly recommended.
What a fabulous series of lectures! This course was well organized, smart, and wonderfully presented! The Professor has done an amazing job of weaving together many dynamic concepts and themes, presenting them in a cohesive and interesting way. Without a doubt, this has been my best teaching experience with Coursera. Thank you!
Very good, concise, relevant and with an excellent presentation. Gives you the big picture on history and also offers an insight in the decision making that shaped world history. Also it offers a big picture, focusing not only on Western history, but on China, Africa, India, Japan, Latin America and the Muslim world. Excellent!
I have learnt a great deal in this course. A vast amount of history is covered in a logical and thematic manner. The professor's style is relaxing and warm. He is also well organised and lucid and because of this my learning was enhanced. This is a great course for those, like me, who are new to the history of these events.
Dr. Philip Zelikow was really thorough and amicable in the way he lectures. He's done an exceptional job in fusing the historical patterns of history with that of modern events, thus allowing us students to understand and relate to the importance of these historical events even better. Thank you, Dr. Zelikow!
This course is fantastic! It is rigorous, yet Professor Zelikow skillfully makes the complex material very accessible. His enthusiasm is infectious. I greatly appreciate the efforts of Professor Zelikow, the University of Virginia and Coursera in making this course available. I can't wait to do Part 2!
Very well organized content! I love Professor Zelikow's way of teaching, he really draws the big picture of the global history and helps me to understand not only on what happened, but also why that happened. I can link what he teaches in the nowadays world. I would love to continue studying with him!
It was a great course and Mr. Zelikow is such a noble soul. I loved studying from him. In this information age, MOOCs will revolutionize education when people like us from far away countries have the chance learn from these terrific professors from all across the world. Thank You professor once again.
Excellent, insightful presentation of the "why?" behind the "what?" from 1760 through the Great Acceleration. The conversational style keeps things interesting and give one a good foundational understanding of the most important developments around the world, and is peppered with great little facts.
It is a very well analyzed view of history by grouping key concepts doctrines and sets of developments that are shaping the world leaders experiences decisions as well as the evolution of their societies. Much better than a strictly chronological historic recitation. Compliments to Pr Zelikow.
An absolutely complete and rich course carefully prepared by Professor Philip Zelikow. I feel privileged for attending his outstanding lectures. Grateful for learning such rich and complete content on World History. This course is going to make an enormous difference in my career and my life.
As a teacher of History, this was an excellent professional development course which taught me new things and allowed me to refresh any previous knowledge. I feel a lot more confident going into my lessons and teaching the lessons that I need to get through. It's really good value for money.
A very meaningful course. I learned lots of things about the history of other nations and the forces that spape the world we live now. And, more important, I saw ways of thinking about history of humans societies in order to understand better my society and the present. Thanks a lot!
Philip Zelikow is an excellent professor whose extensive experience as a US diplomat certainly comes through.  His explanations of why things happened and his in depth analysis of key historical events adds a lot of value to this course.  I would recommend this to a friend any day!
Amazing course! Learnt so much, and gained a better appreciation of not just knowing what happened, but analysing the set of options available to individuals at that time to understand why history happened the way it did. Extremely engaging narration and curation of materials.
I found this course to be extremely interesting and very well presented by  Professor Zelikow. I was impressed with his deep knowledge of the subject and the way in which he could draw on wider lierary and artistic materials to further elaborate on the topics he discussed.
It was a comprehensive course. The presentations were very much interesting and to the point. I liked the way things were approached and explained. Various concepts and complicated ones were very lucidly explained and it was a fun going through the presentations. Thanks.
Great course: professor Zelikow puts into perspective facts that give us an understandable course of History and the role played by choices made by people rather than reviewing purely theoretical explanations or ideological trends  to base conclusions. Really enjoyed it!
Excellent survey of history, and I personally appreciate the amount of effort the professor put into organizing the material.  He really sets the bar for online presentation, and I would not hesitate to recommend this course to anyone who is interested in world history.
This course is amazingly interesting. A coherent view of the dynamic period over the world was clearly and interestingly depicted by the lecturer. We can learn a lot of insights to understand and predict the current world based on what happened in the modern world.
Instructor is knowledgeable and enjoyable in his lectures. I have completed the requirements for a degree in history prior to taking this course (although I never applied for it). I have learned more by taking this course than I did in the same course in college.
Excellent. The professor was just about perfect - high energy and very relaxed. He was a natural in front of the camera. The subject matter was interesting and informative. Coursera and UVA are to be congratulated for providing such a great product. Nicely done.
This was a very interesting course! Philip Zelikow is a very good storyteller, who teaches you how to ask questions around these historical events. And he included a lot of nice maps and illustrations that I hope to use in the Global Art History class I teach.
I loved this course!  Professor Zelikow as an excellent instructor and his passion for history flows through this course.  It was not just memorizing facts (when), but it more of the "why" did this happen in world history?  I can't wait to take part 2!
Great Course! Shows the political evolution from a Feudal System until we have a Modern World that starts changing very fast through scientific knowledge, and the struggle from imperialism to democratic societies, to dictatorships, military goverments.
Truly wonderful. I loved this course from beginning to end. The presentations give you just the right amount of information, without overwhelming you with facts and dates. And there's Part 2, which is equally great. I thoroughly recommend this course.
I may be biased, being a history enthusiast, but this course is very interesting.  It gives both the big picture and the vital details of historical events that reveal our story and how we came to develop the largest of cities with our great ideas.
It was a truly amazing course that allowed me to learn so much about the period between 1760 and 1910, gave excelent insight to how people though and understood the world at that time and refueled my interest in modern history. I highly recomend it
I think Professor Philip Zelikow is a charismatic speaker. I enjoy listening such an eloquent teacher.
The content of the lesson is compact, complete, enlightening and inspiring.
I find some of the quiz questions ambiguous.Thank you very much.
I am at a loss of superlatives to describe this course. The professor is fantastic, the content informative, the presentation spell-binding. Every person, even if remotely interested in the topics of human history, should take this course.
Gives an outline of world history emphasizing on the "whys" instead of the "whats". Great course for a beginner in International Relations who seeks to gain a wide view of happenings helped create current political and economic situations.
I´ve loved every lesson! I have enjoyed Professor Zelikow´s explanations and it´s been easy to understand for me. I had only studied History when I was in High School and this course has encouraged me to keep learning. Very interesting!
Just excellent!!!! Thank you for this enlightening course, not just for what I've learned but also for the variety of topics for further study the course raised. Already started Part Two!!! Philip Zelikow you are really a great teacher!
Excellent.  Thoroughly engaging, thoughtfully organized, and insightful.  For anyone interested in the historical events leading to the conditions of the 20th Century, this course is a gateway to that understanding.  Highly recommended.
Simply sensational, I really liked its cheerful way, the use of excellent paintings, maps, tables. Despite  being condensed, I was able to recall several historical facts and combine the knowledge in a more coherent and harmonious way.
It's a very open minded course for everyone who wants to learn more about the global history of this period and for everyone who wants to learn some of the skills of a histrian.  It has a great pace and a very understandable professor.
A well-thought, and laid-out course, with clear, comprehensive and thoughtfull explanations, and reference to many ways in which you can deepen your understanding of the period. The course keeps progresses in intensity with the weeks.
The professor Zelikow is so clear in his ideas, and with examples all around the world. He gives the essentials of History: everything happens for something and the causes are interconnected.  It was a wonderful experience. Thank you.
Great course! I really appreciated how Dr Zelikow explained context and why major world history events happened the way they did. Lots of visual aid made this course really interesting. I would make this course a must in schools.
Great course which managed to explain the relationship of how one event in history subsequently stirred the events that will happen next. Not only did it explain what happened, it also expounded on why and what were its effects.
The course is great, very complete and didactic. The professor is friendly, talks patiently and deeply about the subject, what makes it easy for us, foreigners, to capture and understand the message. Can't get enough. Thank you!
The greatest thing about this course is the connection of different events in the history to create a comprehensive picture about the global history. The professor is so nice and presents the course in a very interesting way :)
Although I already had much of the conceptual framework and general history of the course, the presentations filled in the missing detail of events and causes. Beautifully illustrated with art and maps from the different eras.
It's definitely great experience to follow the professor. In seven weeks, you can experience a lot. You need to think about a lot of issues in this course and maybe you can have more different insights about it. Thanks a lot.
Great presentation and knowledgeable professor. Maybe adding some videos would have been interesting and links to outside resources. But overall, this course was definitely worth it and I learned a lot. Thank you M. Zelikow
This has been a really intriguing course. Professor Zelikow passionately narrates the significant historical developments during the early Modern age, and also goes on to answering some of the 'Why' questions that crop up.
I learned many new things from this course.  I believe it will an excellent background to understanding the World Wars.  I am particularly interested in World War II and the Holocaust.  I look forward to the next course.
Someone who needs to understand past societies better, to mark specificity in the future, needs to enroll in this course because it is always difficult to explain the world in a grain of sand but this has been simpler.
I have loved this course. It has taken me much more than I expected to finish it but it has been worth the effort, so much so that I am now intending to starte the second part. Thank you very much for the opportunity
Simply awesome! I really appreciated the professor's approach and I enjoyed the videos, always looking for the next one to come. For people who have a personal interest in history, this course is definitely a must.
This is a tremendous course which revived my intellectual curiosity after many years out of structured eductation. I am now much looking forward to completing Part 2 of the course. My thanks to Professor Zelikow.
I have already done this course before. Now I wanted check do I remeber everything or not. I'm very satisfied because I can say 'YES', I remember nearly all material and I would like to thanks for that course. :)
An interesting economic and geopolitical analysis of a crucial era in global history. The topics were perfectly arranged and precisely introduced by a very well prepared professor. Nice course, enjoyable classes.
I loved attending the Modern World, Part one course.I have been a student of history all my life but i learnt a lot during the course.I would like to take up other history courses time permitting in futureThanks
Professor Philip Zelikow, it was a very informative course. One can learn analytical skills, time management, reasoning skills(the why questions) through the part 1 of your course.Thank you so much Mr. Zelikow.
Absolutely amazed with this course. Philip is extremely knowledgeable, gives you the baby steps in order to understand each class. I'm looking forward to take another class with him. Couldn't recommend enough!!
Great course that gave the big picture of how we the modern world got started.  I liked that prof.  Zelikow tried to convey why things happened, and the interrelationships of various events in world history.
Despite a bit confusing use of info-screen, this really opened my mind and view to the rest of the world. It´s if he made me see world history + our present world in a whole new light. Thank you so much :)
This is an excellent overview of the the History of the Modern World. I am learning and re-learning quite a lot and will certainly join up for Part II when it is on offer. I highly recommend this course.
From my point of view, here the story focuses more on Spain and Europe and less on the rest, I have found it curious and interesting and a different point of view from another non-European perspective.
Superb course. Loved it. Learnt so much. I was taking the "free" course on coursera and was disappointed that I could not take the exams each week. Other free courses have enabled me to do this. Otherw
Dear Professor,I am fascinated with week one, even though I work in the scientific side, also like history, nothing more rewarding than visiting and ancient place and know what happened... Thanks
This was my first course, so I don't have any comparison. But I found it really well done. Clearly spoken, interesting content, well understandable. A good introduction to worlds recent history!
Such an informative course, and it linked together different regions & events; that's something only top-level sources of education does. I will no doubt continue on with the course to Part 2.
I have had always the question what and went through almost all the facts , anyhow from this course i find that question why is as much as important to what.Thank you professor and coursera
I would organize a little better the discussion forum because it's a little messy, though it is helpful sometimes knowing what others are asking and thinking even if its from one year ago.
The professor is very knowledgeable and engaging. It is fascinating to hear every word he says. I like the way he analyses WHY this or that happened and what we could learn from an event.
An analytical and coprehensive presentation of the most important century in human history focusing on interpretations of stunning developments rather than a dry quote of dates and names
The course is structured well and the teachings of the instructor is interesting and clear. It is good for whom is more interested to know about the world history in a single course.
I liked the course so much, I have already enrolled in the second half.  I enjoyed picking apart history by its cause and effect scenario.  Clear, easy to understand and enjoyable.
A very useful (and actually very rich) overviewA true talent to make it simple (honestly emphasizing that the interpretation grid is to some extent chosen by the professor !)Great
Perhaps the reason why I really like this course is that I am very excited about learning world history. But the course content and the way professor delivers lectures is amazing.
Thoroughly engaging and Part 2 is even better.  Not full of dates etc. just full of explanations for why things happened and why they could or couldn't have happened another way.
Thank you.I have already finished two parts of the course. Your teaching style is suitable for me. If you open any other classes, please inform me, I will join them immediately.
This course shows an excellent view of the main historical facts. I recommend this program who is interested to understand the current global movement.Thanks professor Zelikow.
This course gives you a very broad view of world History on a Global scale. It is very well taught. Professor Zelikow teaches history in a very engaging and understandable way.
An essential study for those who want to know the why's of today's events. Bundles of happenings are presented at each course session.A mandatory course for your completion.
Very engaging and well designed. It lets student to think in history events, inspire reflections on options facing situations, and lessons learnt when looking at the past.
Great calm organized instructor who helps put previous knowledge into logical perspective. Strongly advise this course for anyone who wants an overview of the time period.
It was a fantastic course that helped to get to know a lot about the great divergence and the aftermaths. Thanks to the professor also for making this course interesting.
Wonderful professor, interesting, eloquent and able to keep our interest high with the right rhythm, mix of information and facts. Highly stimulating course. Thank you.
I haven't particularly finished all the lessons, but the overall course is quite good, especially when you're able to highlight your notes after or during the lesson.
Easy to follow, very clear on the basics with in depth explanations on key topics. I have  amuch broader understanding of World Events and what to pay attention to.
My first course completed at coursera. And i really would like to recommend it to others. The informations are delivered in such an informative and interessing way.
Great course. Professor Zelikow takes the entire world and gives us a clear and sometimes surprising story of the modern world. Amazing. So glad I took this course.
I wondered after starting this course that history can be make enough interesting. This course made me more aware about world history with a global perspective .
This was an excellent course.  The teacher was very good and took an interesting and different approach to presenting a history of a significant period of time.
Excelent course! Quality in knowledge and presentation. Plenty of visual materials, helpful maps and global connections to the history covering the whole world.
If only History had been taught this way at school. Its been an incredibly insightful course. I didnt realise how relevant it was to current global situations.
Am not able to do the last quiz to complete the coursecan you help me?I missed the deadlinewhen i try to reset the deadline it says sorry something went wrong
It helped to improve the knowledge about global  history from 1760 to 1910 with unique academic input from a great university and vibrant academic counsellor
The professor is very comfortable on screen, which makes it easy to listen to what he is explaining and take it all in. I'm learning a lot from this course!
A different approach to world history.  It's not about dates and events, and not even about famous conquerors.  More about social and technological trends.
This course went straight to the point, but did well including relevant stories, names, and even art. I greatly appreciated this course being available.
Very interesting course!  But despite the fact that I have completed this  course still I am waiting for the  certificate. I hope to receive some news .
One of the single most interesting and useful courses I've ever taken.  It definitely gave me a greater context for both history and for current events.
Excellent course. Provides a wonderful and thorough road map to the modern world. The professor's friendly tone, pace and visuals enhance the learning.
This course extended my knowledge of history. I have not found any political propaganda and I really enjoyed it! Week's quizzes are challenging enough.
I am eager to kown what happened between 1760 to 1910,several years.as you said,I am also eager to know how those things take place,thanks this course!
Great course if you are interested in history and want to have a general view of the period. The professor could not be better. I highly recommend it.
Systematicly perfect and Lecturer Mr. Zelikov is a good and sympatic teacher for me.  Good course! I'm really enjoying learning Modern World History.
Excellent insight, clearly understood broad presentation of ideas.  Excellent communicator, this was by far the best course I have taken in Coursera.
Elegantly composed, clearly articulated, brilliant analysis of modern world history from a primarily political aka "diplomatic history" perspective.
I love this course. History is my nemesis, but right now I hold my breath in every lecture and my mind winds up with thousands of questions! Thanks.
I really feel comfortable taking this class! Learnt a lot and felt the strong intrinsic motivation to read more book!! Thank you Professor Zelikow!
Very fresh, comprehensive and compelling course. It was much more interesting to listen to professor Zelikow than learning about this at my school.
Informative, engaging and amusing at times, terrific content!! Crash course to Modern history. I understand colonial and imperial rule better now.
Very nice global perspectives with focus on why and not what! Could be a little less material on America and more global, but still recommendable!
Excellent Professor!!! Not the same old boring history course! Prof. Zelikow really digs into history and poses the fundamental question "Why?"
Offers an in depth look into our modern history and at many of the factors that got us to where we are today. Very compelling and interesting.
Great Presentation Professor, You are a great historian and a wonderful story teller. I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Thank you so much.
I really enjoyed this course - although I wish the big weekly quizzes were available to everyone, not only those who purchased the course.
I thoroughly enjoyed it. Thank you. The professor is a great public speaker and very knowledgeable. I wish he was teaching another course.
Great course. I only wish Coursera would offer history courses on major revolutions that shaped the world as well, i.e Russia, Iran...etc.
Professor is clear and goes at a great pace.  I like how he tackles the deeper things in history; ie, the how and why, not just the what.
I absolutely love this professor! He makes the topic and class as a whole extremely engaging! I would take any class he teaches any day!
Great Course. I always wished to read World History. This gives details of the events and the reason behind them in much-required need.
After doing this course I have a better picture of how the world we live in was formed, and what are the forces driving the human race.
Nice and really interesting content, a pitty that I couldn't do the tests without buying the entire course, but it's enjoyable anyway.
I really enjoyed this course. I learned a lot and enjoyed how the Professor compared events around the world and tied things together.
Relearn the history from the old to the new world. Reflect on the dramatic change we are facing today. Very valuable lessons learned.
Excellent course; well structured and very interesting. I strongly recomend it to anyome interested in understanding modern society.
Professor Zelikow is very enlightening and humorous. I've learned a lot about the global history from a quite distinct perspective.
Prof. Zelikow's narration is gripping and his enthusiasm effusive. This was so enjoyable and well-organized. Thank you! Wahoo-wa.
This has been an enlightening class. It's been interesting to learn the cause and effect of what's happening in the modern world.
Great course. Very informative and presented in an interesting and thoughtful way-thank you. Can't wait to get started on Part 2!
Very good course - ties many disparate threads together to make a cogent explanation of  how and why the modern world came to be.
This course enable me to learn something new I have never learned before. It also gives me handful knowledge about world history.
To me "The Modern World, Part One: Global History from 1760 to 1910" is time demanding course. Thanks for the opportunity....
Extremely interest course.  Learned a lot.  Really puts everything into perspective.  Professor tells history like a story.
Wonderful overview of Global History. I have enjoyed taking both parts of this historycourse from this terrific professor.
As a fan of History, I highly recommand this MOOC, it is always good for you to see history from a different prospective.
Great overview of this period in history.  Professor makes it interesting without overwhelming.  I definitely recommend.
Very analytical.  Not just a recounting of facts, but a thorough review of trends and attitudes.  Very enjoyable course.
The lecturer and course materials are excellent! Very well organized and explained. Thank you very much, Prof. Zelikow.
Well- stiched methodology, challenging assignments combined with eloquent delivery make the course highly interesting.
Super interesting, although it gives the image from a western point of view it is very interesting and well explained
An excellent course that provides a thorough overview of the changes that lead to the formation of the Modern World.
I found the course to be well structured, and striking an appropriate balance between insight and detail.Well done.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Thank you, Prof. Zelikow. I really look forward to the next part of this course.
Wonderful Course. It helped me develop a much better world view and understand issues by thinking about the "why".
As often at Coursera an important course that made me think in new directions about things that I already knew.
Really good insight into the history of this period. I have found it fascinating and cannot wait to learn more.
Great course.  World history with a different flair.  Proffeser is is top-notch.  Thank you for the experience.
A great course in a narrative view , and mainly focus on "Why this happen"~~PS:The professor is very charming~~
Fantastic and engaging lecturer. Excellent switches between big, broad ideas and concrete localized examples.
Thank you professor Philip Zelikow, it was a pleasure do to this course with you ;)Let´s go for part two now.
very good.  a lot of information to digest but a good introduction to dig deeper into interested areas later.
Find informative...and with additional details/perspectives that helped me to rethink what I thought I knew.
An important explanation of how the world transitioned to the modern, with its benefits and disadvantages.
Really it is amazing ! I have enjoyed in all time . Hats off to the teacher . I am very thankful to you .
Very good course on modern history. Explains a lot how we went from the traditional world to the modern
Excellent and very interesting course, professor Zelikow is great at explaining things systematically.
Excellent course. Good overview of history, well taught, and very much worth the time and the effort.
Fantastic teacher and great course. Lots of information explained very well and very comprehensively.
Great content, the teacher makes it easy to understand in few minutes the general idea of every topic
A VERY INTERESTING COURSE. IT REALLY HELPS YOU TO UNDERSTAND MORE OF WHAT IS HAPPENING IN OUR TIMES.
This course has a charismatic professor and lots of interesting information. I enjoyed it very much!
interesting course and the similarities in society today vs. over the course of the last 150 years.
the best course, deep into the detail of the history fact, and professor is very good in explaining
Thanks you so much to you Prof. Zelikow for this wonderful course. I learnt a lot. Thanks again
Very interesting! Scholarly lessons presented in a fluid candid manner that's very stimulating.
Excellent content, presenter, and format. Recommended for anyone who is serious about history.
Amazing experience. Learning from this course was so delightful it covered mostly everything.
The course was really helpful...It showed me all things I need to know about world history...
The Professor is amazing. I love the way he presents his ideas in the form of stories. Great.
Kudos to the professor for making it extremely engaging and interesting. Highly recommended.
This is a excellent course.To know in advance what happened during this period is advisable.
Great course. Interesting and engaging lectures. I enjoyed this professor's talks very much.
The instructor is amazing, even if you are not interested the instructor makes you love it.
very good flow, with clear discussion around the whys, and the consequences of paths taken
Really great. A big thanks to the professor for the big effort and clarity of explanations
A lot of great information!  This course made my teaching of World History so much better!
Great lecture series. It really make you want to travel and see where this stuff happened.
The course wonderfully explains the key events that shaped the world. Easy to comprehend.
Excellent course. Made very interesting. Great instructor. Quiz questions were very nice.
Very good course. Amazing teacher and how relates everything so easy and pleasant, thanks
Very well organised and presented.  Inspired by the big picture nicely threaded together.
An excellent overview of the subject with some fresh analysis by a top professor in the
Instructor is really good giving lectures. History suddenly seems full of fun and power
This course is absolutely fantastic. Prof. Philip Zelikow is a teacher par excellence!
Grate course, well explained to understand where we are understanding how we got here.
Hi! Welcome back! Make yourself comfortable...Nothing beats this guy. Amazing course.
An outstanding series of presentations. It was a truly fascinating course to follow.
Excellent gripping delivery of what otherwise could be simply a bunch of dull facts.
Pretty amazing coursework, thoroughly enjoyed the content, It gave useful insights.
good course but sometimes the video gets blocky ): other then that very good lesson
An awesome course, great lectures, neat presentation. I actually binged through it!
The classes are very good and objective. It helps a lot undestand the present world
Very helpful for high school seniors to study and prepare for the AP history exam!
Very good course, presented in a very informative, attractive and interesting way.
The lecturer is amazing and explains history in very easily understandable chunks.
Interesting and well presented.Why questions are so much more important than what.
I love what I'm learning and the way the teacher carries himself while explaining.
Amazing content and the professor makes the lecture very friendly and interesting.
I think the class gives me a new perspective of the history. The professor offers
The course is very informative and useful , and easy to understand the concepts.
Excellent material with an informative approach to the presentation of the same.
Excellent course material, friendly instructor, and a great way to read history!
good refresher, events of the period pulled together well, pleasant to listen to
This is a very good course with one of the greatest teachers I have ever seen.
Excellent course on the broad sweep of history for the 150 years up to the WW1
Deep, thorough, complex analysis. Clear explanation of quite difficult topics.
Unbelievably cool.Must-see for everyone who considering himself a learned man.
A rewarding walk through the What and Why of an interesting period in history.
Really well organized and presented. Looking forward to part two. Thank you.
Still trying to make myself comfortable with so much insightful information.
Excellent. Very clear, well explained, very instructive. A real pleasure.
Great overview of history from 1760 to 1910.  Well presented, thank you !
Great course taught by a great professor! Very informative and objective.
Thank you for teaching this course. It had been a wonderful experience :)
Just great course! Easy to listen! Interestingly to study! Thank you!
Very calm teacher, logic explanation of all paths. Brilliant course!
Very easy to follow yet imparts a deep understanding of the subject.
wonderfull and very interesting course. Thanks you so much. Francois
Very interesting and informative.Well presented.A pleasure to learn.
The course is very informative and interesting! Thank you soo much!
I think this part is great,i have learned something very heuristic.
Great course, nice community, much engagement. Thank you for this.
Sir is a useful course. Please make lectures on Indian History.
It is a very useful and interesting course! Thank you very much
Very informative course.  I had a fun time learning, so thanks!
Informative and interesting materials of early modern history.
Very good lecture to get an insight for the human civilization
excellent teaching and interesting development of the history.
Amazing course, great professor! I can´t wait to begin Part 2
Great course, very thorough, full of intriguing information!
Great course, very nice professor. Lots of content about one
Great content and delivery.  Cohesive survey of the period.
Great course covering an important period in World history.
What an epic journey ! Thanks for this exceptional course.
great course. very deep and interesting critical analysis.
Very good for overview of these years, I really recommend.
A good course with great and clear explanation of  history
Excellent Professor and material. I enjoyed it very much
Great professor, no waste of time, great points of view!
Very enjoyable course, will definitely be taking Part 2
A clear and lean approach of this period. Well done UV!
An excellent course, great classes and provoking ideas
This is the way I wish history was taught everywhere.
really excellent . Looking forward to the second part
Very interesting, I really learn a lot about History.
Very straight forward and detailed, yet interesting
A wonderful experience with University of Virginia
It was wunderful and intresting course! Thank You!
Best course ever, from the best man in the world!!
Pr Zelikow is really a very fascianting professor.
Amazing!! Thank you so much, I have learned a lot
it was really helpful to understand the history.
Incredible journey through 150 years in 7 weeks.
My favourite course. Philip Zelikow is the best!
Really brilliant introduction to Global History!
Excellent course very well presented. Thank you.
erudition big picture connecting 'civilizations'
Very interactive and good for a variety of ages
In my opinion, the best proffesor for history!
I could stay listening to that guy for months.
Excellent course, very complete and insightful
love it！ very illustrative and comprehensible!
Nice material and it presentation! Thank you !
Systematic information give. Very Good Course
Really enjoying the course content, thank you
Very informative course. Highly recommended.
Appropriate for everyone, amazing course !!
Very good course and analysis of the period
Amazing course, with an amazing instructor
Very well designed and superbly delivered.
Great course I loved it with its all parts
Thank yo very much for this great course.
the explanation of events is top notch .
This was an extremely insightful course
Many thanks for this wonderful course!
Great Professor and very informative.
Really well explained and interesting
Unbelievably smart, interesting prof.
A truly excellent fascinating course!
Wonderful and intellectual professor!
very good course to know out history
The best history course on Coursera!
Great way to start learning history.
Clear explanation of global history.
A very engaging approach to history.
Talented professor. Amazing course.
Awesome high level view of history.
very good overview of world history
stupendous knowledge & perspective
excellent professor well presented
Great course. I really enjoyed it
Very interesting, well explained
Very clear, informative, useful.
it's very hard and useful course
Great course. Awesome professor.
Phil is a great history teacher!
Excellent! I really enjoyed it.
Great course. Great Professor.
Very fun and a great teacher
The teacher was excellent!!
An absolutely great course.
Very positive experience!!
It's an impressive course.
easy and valuable lessons
Professor was fantastic!
It is an amazing Course.
very good presentation
It was amazing course.
good comparative study
its  very informative
Pretty good summary
it was pretty good
Interesting topics
Great! Just great!
Best of the Best!
Awesome course an
Great lecturer!
I love Phillip
Top professor
my pleasure
