One of the weekly assessments was broken for German users. Besides that, everything was perfect.
Some questions need solutions immidiately! I've wasted so much time today! please be aware!
The course design and content delivery is sub standard
some of the questions in the test are wrong
I learned a lot of things! Thanks.
Excellent Teaching Method
need more examples for the quizzes ,solving the practice can get frustrating as some problem are not in the practice video and in some cases the practice can be harder than the week assessment and final assessment ,otherwise the course is good
The course was very well structured and I learned a lot. However, some exercises were not possible to do with a mac and showed the wrong results even though the calculation is right. Therefore, should have been more explanation and solutions.
Some instructions are ambigous so you dont know how to execute some task in the final test and in the works, but I have learned a lot. And manage better excel now, thats true
The course is ok, but it needs to be explained deeply. As there are some questions in the exams that are way more complex that what it´s explained on the videos
great program.  i just struggled to get through assignment, since I only have a chrome book and google sheet and I have to figure out many commands for them.
TO LEARN THIS COURSE IS VERY BENEFICIAL FOR MY CAREER ENHANCEMENT AND UPDATION OF MY PROFILE WHICH HELPS ME WORKING IN GOOD CORPORATES CULTURE
Informative, but not as complete as I would have preferred. The examples were a little scant on some of the videos.
class lecture did not provide enough examples to be able to do some of the quizzes and final exam comfortably.
Overwhelming content with so many functions to remember. I can see usefulness in learning every element.
sometimes examples doesn't  add up and last question in final quiz was so hard to solve
some aspects were still difficult to comprehend, especially for Mac users
Course was above average
Not worth the money.
This was definitely much more challenging that the Essentials course, which of course was to be expected. I didn't give the course a 5 star as there were a number of occasions where explanations / teaching were imprecise, even muddy, leaving me flapping a bit. This was particularly so with the formulaic CONCAT stuff etc with all its very computer-programming-esque formats. Luckily I did a little bit of BASIC programming way back in the 80's, and mainframe JCL, so that helped me try to wrap my head around it all. But for someone who's NEVER had any exposure to that kind of thing, I can imagine that part of the course was extra frustrating. I was pleasantly surprised by how well I picked up Pivots and Slicers. Now I'm at the end of this course, I'm ready for the next one. I just hope everything doesn't fall out of my head too soon, because I'm unemployed (and may be so for a while yet - thanks to the fake Coronavirus nonsense) and won't be using what I'm learning any time soon. Despite the lacks that need sorting in parts of this course, it's still worthwhile overall. However, be prepared to have to do some searching either in the forums or through a search engine to work out some of the exercises / understand some of the complex formulas.
There were some questions in my final assessment which were I guess right, but can't say anything.Would request If there is some mechanism of getting a feedback of the final assessment and the scopes of improvement can be explained.
It<s the second course i took with coursera and i like the fact that you can listen to the course again if there<s something you didn't understand the first time. The course is well structured and have good exercise to practice the skills they teach you on the video. But i think you have to be motivated to complete the course but if you want to learn it's necessary. One thing i would improve is the fact that you can do the exam more than twice, cause if you didn't do more exercises to master the skills then do it a second time and have a good grade well you still need to practice. And you have to check the forum more as there was someone who put the answers of all the question in week 5. I don't think it's good for the quality of the course to let things like that happen  without doing anything to remove it.  Some people would say that it's easy and anybody can succeed it's not true but again check the forum and when there's a report remove or ban the person who do it, there's a guy who asked all the answers in week 2+3 i report it and nothing was remove. But overall if you want to learn excel McQuarry university did a really good work and you learn a lot.
This course is great and really simple to use. However, if you have a MAC this course can be a little tricky at times as it is mainly developed for PC users. For some more complicated functions such as creating Pivot Charts, there is no mention of how to achieve things using an older version of Excel for MAC and so often a google search is needed which can be time consuming and sometimes leave you with no answers. It would be wonderful if the course was more clearly adapted for MAC users, mentioning clearly how things can be done using a MAC as often this is entirely different and/or non existent. It is the same thing with earlier versions of excel, for example, my 2011 MAC version of excel did not have the Pivot Chart function and in the quizzes you needed this in order to answer some questions correctly - in many cases I had to leave the question blank and hope I could pass with my other questions being correct. This was quite frustrating at times and seemed a little unfair also - it would be great if this was more suitable for MAC users too.
Pros1. Very concise course with relevant exercises. 2. Not meant for the absolute novice of excel (meaning who has never seen a workbook or worksheet) but for a person who has a basic requires a basic comprehension of excel can easily take up this course.  Cons1. The program such as the videos and excel worksheets are old, I'm guessing that this program must have launched in 2018 and needs to be updated but still good enough to comprehend the application till the next version of excel is released.2. Additional this program was designed with a windows operating system and not for a Mac. There will be considerable differences in application especially in topics such as Charting though you do manage to get your results but can be quite cumbersome and time-consuming while searching for solutions on the internet (this has seldom been answered in the videos)Overall still a good course and will be taking up part 2 as well
The course is great and the concepts are easy to understand. It added all necessary skills businesses require. However, it would be nicer if there was more practice material, even if not for grade. Just so who really wants to practice more have more materials offering different situations in which you can apply what we just learned. That is the reason for the 4 stars, needs more exercises to help in the process of refining skills and a deeper understanding of the concepts. Thank you for this opportunity. I am very grateful for it!
It was a graet course even though I have experience with most of its topics I learnt some new tricks and also some new things related to pivot tables and pivot charts! I recomment to change the type of questions in which you ask the participant to modify, for example a table with green light 21 modification and ask to which icon it resembles. The same with some sparklines ect. They are confusing and to my perspective pointless.
This course covered a broad range of topics and like the Essentials course was practical and had me excited to learn the content. My only suggestion for feedback is to provide more tips for Mac users (especially in the short quizzes after each video because they seem to be tailored to PC users causing me to spend a disproportionate amount of time trying to quickly learn the Mac equivalents of the PC functionality).
I couldn't complete the full course because i used a mac and an older version of excel. Many of the features and questions were based on the latest versions of mac which gave me big headaches. Otherwise the teaching, the content and the course is fantastic. I thought I was an accomplished intermediate in excel but doing this course i realized i was only a novice. Hope to be doing more of your intermediate courses.
The Course is very good. The instructions are crystal clear. Though for some part like the attached workbook to be done has some issues like missing data or different versions to my Excel. I used Excel 2016 but every function that needs to be put always uses semicolon instead of comma and decimal using dot instead of comma which sometimes making the answer wrong despite it is actually right.
The contents covered in this course has increased my efficiency in working with Excel. The course design is neat and the instructors are great at both teaching and presenting. My only issue with the course is that the quizzes are not designed in a way that makes the students use their own problem-solving skills as the questions practically outline all the steps required to find the answer.
After following the course on Excel Fundamentals of Data Analysis of the same teachers, there was some overlap in the material. However, the repetition helped me to consolidate the skills and apply them in different contexts. Again, very informative and well-explained, and it was great to learn about the rich functionalities of pivot charts and tables!
I really liked the course structure as well as how information was taught. Easy to follow and great practice exercises. I would really recommend it to peers. A small tip to improve the practice exercises would be being able to download the instructions instead of opening the website all the time. Thanks a lot!
Excellent course and a perfect progression which one will be able to appreciate upon completion of the "Essentials" level. Looking forward to utilizing the learning in a real situation and going on to the next offering under this specialization. Kudos to the team!
The female lecturer moved a little too fast in her actions for simultaneous working, especially for a mac user where differences were not always explained and I had to go back a few times. The male lecturers pace was perfect. The course content is excellent
Very educational and I actually had fun completing the challenges. One opportunity would be more time focused on nesting functions, primarily FIND etc. I could have used more videos or practice quizzes to build a stronger foundation. Overall I enjoyed.
A very comprehensive course with numerous case studies and multiple tools, tricks, practise sheets along the way to keep you on your toes. Highly recommended. Looking forward to completing Part II and maybe the Advanced Certification as well.
A very well structured course, which will help you to brush up your basics and will teach new fabulous thing about excels like different shortcuts, formula, functions which enhance your work on the professional front and will save your time
This course gave me an opportunity to strengthen my excel knowledge and skill. Many of the things I've learned, I have been able to apply directly to some of my job tasks. This course was fun but challenging, the videos are easy to follow.
I had successfully completed the first course, which was great, and expected the same from this course as well. It met my expectations. Learnt a lot. The course structure is well designed from basic to advance covering all the concepts.
Some of the excel downloaded has problems when I opened them to do the test.For example, in the final assessment, I cannot do question 6 as there is no color in the cell.I cannot do questions 8,9,10 as the check digit formula is wrong.
This course was very well put together and I greatly improved my Excel skills. That being said, more tutorials are needed to support Mac users. I regularly had to perform web searches to get the answers and support that I needed.
Course was very useful but I would have been a bit more happier if there was more extensive learning materials and the practice challenges were more in-depth. Quizzes/final assessment was appropriate level of difficulty.
Everything fantastic except for the final assessment of week 4 where I spent a lot of time because of a different language usage of Excel and the tutors didn't specify it! Fortunately the "Discussion Forum" helped me!
Very effective way of delivering modules for web students. They have kept the basics right, however could've been more comprehensive if they happen to educate other than only mainstream formulas/functions.
This course is very challenging, but i learned a lot.  I´m ready for the next step, Intermediate II.The forums are very helpful, you get in touch with other learners and share differents points of views.
Great course. I have learned lots of good techniques creating pivot tables, slicer. Now i am very confident to make a dashboard for the management. I am looking forward to learn next courses in Excel.
THANKS TO INSTRUCTORS / PROFESSORS EXCELLENT COURSE DESIGN AND METHODOLOGY. MINOR IMPROVEMENT IN ASSESSMENT SHEET,( IT DOES NOT HOLD THE ANSWERS FOR LONG). However great Experience learning.
Useful excel functions but mostly for HR work but could be applied to any business analysis. However, there are many strict method and result which not allow student to be creative.
It was great experience learning excel.This course extensively covers all the required areas most interesting being named ranges ,pivot tables etc.Highly recommended
Excellent course and gave me the opportunity to improve significantly my excel skills which means for my job a great help in becoming more efficient and effective.
This course was really awesome. It had helped me to gain more proficiency in my Excel skills. I look forward to use these skills for enhancing my employability.
Learnt a lot!  Loved this course. Would appreciate it if the course staff were more responsive in the discussion forum though. Other than that, loved leariing!
Pivot table is new for me and I think the lessons should be focus on this tool. The instructor who teach Table & Pivot talked very fast so it make me annoyed.
the week when tables were taught werent quite impressable. the reason being, the instructor was speaking too fast and werent focusing on very minute things.
Great learning experience as the course give choice to answer multiple time, it enhances more opportunity to experiment and learn more in the mean while.
this was a more tricky but exciting course. i thank al jamea tus saifiyah heartily. and i thank my teachers , meet  you all soon in the next course.
This course is very interactive and helps you learn A LOT about excel in a very easy-to-learn way. I am very happy to have enrolled and finished it!
Really excited to finish this course, during this course, I've improved my skills and learnt many new measures to analyze and demonstrate my report.
I loved the course. I wish you explained pivot charts in more detail and specific to MacBook users as well. But I learnt a lot and loved the course
I found this course very useful. But i think there's still some content i need to know. I can't wait to keep learning about excel and the tools.
I love these courses. Very in-depth but explained extremely well. I have learned so much so far. Cannot wait to complete the specialization!
A bit difficult to follow at times, but a ton of helpful knowledge that I'll be using in the future at work and in my personal use of Excel.
This course tested my excel skills but some of the question phrasing were a bit confusing (otherwise would have been 5 stars) Good course.
Overall the course is excellent. Having a Mac is a disadvantage that makes the learning process slower because of the little differences.
Organized, well-taught, and helpful. Only minor con would be the teachers' speech pace of the instruction videos. Otherwise great class!
Well paced and explained.  Videos are quick and useful.  It's not terribly advanced stuff, but some useful tips and a good brush up.
Fairly simple and not suited to an experienced user, but, I did find it useful in filling me in on new developments in Excel
It is a great course. I have learned very much from it. Would love if there are more exercises for Sum/Count functions.
Overall the course was good and lack of tutorial exercises, Some questions in final assessment were not taught at all
The courses introduce us to a lot of new functionalities which will surely increase our efficiency when using Excel.
It is one of the most vital and important course, if one wants to build strong foundations for excelling in excel!
Very good.  I am still recomending the possibilty to contact someone of you staff that might help in case needed.
After completion of Intermediate I, get more skills related t excel for Business and office purpose. Thank You
I'd benefit from more practice tasks (rather than practicing the same one several times, as teachers suggest)
Received a better learning from Coursera and will be very much helpful to apply these in my practical works.
I wish there is task solution videos as well, but the other videos are really comprehensive, I liked. Thanks
there were few problems in practice sheet , otherwise this whole experience and learning was fantastic.
While I wish some of the questions were asked in a better manner, I did learn much more than expected.
Very useful course, BUT! there are many mistakes in tastes, it makes the process more complicated...
I got to learn new things but found it a bit lengthy. However, so many questions gave good practice.
I love the platform and the way you simplified the topic.. but every activity is really challenging!
Well explained videos. Organized exams to help to recap the content in the video lecture. Had fun!!!
very informative. Got slow in the middle so I was less motivated, but glad I stuck it out in the end
Well derived with plenty of worksheets and quizzes to get you practicing and mastering the skills.
I 'm really grateful to have followed this excel course whose method has been designed fabulously
Great course, some challenges along the way. We were tested on a few things that were not taught.
At times the instruction did not match up with the assessments and outside research was required
i wish to see detailed information in the vedios and the way of presentation become more simply.
The functions and tools that the course teaches are absolutely widely-used in working scenario.
Great Course starting to feel a lot more  confident and amazed with the capabilities of excel.
PRACTICE EXERCISES ARE REALLY GOOD. THE STRUCTURE OF THE MODULE IS EXTREMELY WELL THOUGHT OF.
Should work more on compatibility with previous versions, otherwise a very useful course.
The way the course is structured is perfect and you will get command in Excel in no time.
Tanks for allow me to learn more about excel, i´m think this is pre-intermediate couerse.
Good Course. Please add more practice content around data consolidation and pivot tables.
Week 2 was to hard and there might be more explanation on the topic to be more clearlier
A good course. But some of the instructions in the final exam were not entirely clear.
can be tricky at times but with a bit of perseverance, you can get there in the end
Clear, focused and short videos. Fantastic examples that are easy to follow along.
I am just starting this course I hope it  will help me to  learn  about the excel
An excelent alternative for relative new excel learnes. The instructors are top!
in Exam some questions have not been explained the method of solution in weeks
Good course, I have been using Excel for years, now I know how to use it even
To make this course perfect my advice is to provide more detailed solutions.
A good experience from me as I never thought excel can do so much things
This course is good . I learn a lot. This course is good for learning.
This course was very interesting and helpful for in our routine work.
Good course, one of the assessment worksheets has a possible error.
The difficulty level of practice quizzes and tests can be improved
It would be good if we have the right answer to final assessment
There is a lot to learn in excel which I am having fun now....
Very good course. new excel skills are explained very nicely.
IAM GOOD LEARNED IN THIS COURSE. THANKS FOR HELP AND SUPPORT
i was very effective and helpful. I learnt a lot of things..
Simply awesome and looking forward to learn and dig further
Very useful skills for business and quick enough to learn.
course is fantastic and oresented in very professional wa
quite good, but some skill we may cannot use in reality
Great! I am up to completing the Excel Specialisation.
Supereb class. I learned lot of from this. Thank you.
I do appreciate the way this course I've been taught.
this course helped me a lot of new options in excel
Great self paced course. Learning lots about Excel
Good course! I was able to obtain some good tips!
very good explanations,with practical exercise
Like the way the instructors teach the course.
Goes in depth with a bunch of useful features.
Great course, great teachers! Easy to follow!
This course will bring you to new journey.
Very well explained and extremely usefull.
Great course to review my excel skills!
Was a bit difficult for intermediate 1
The videos were so easy and practical.
now going for next part of this series
can be more brief with shorter videos
The pivot table section felt rushed
it course very helpfull ty cosera
THANK U,EXCEL COURSE IS BEST HERE
Enjoyable and informative course.
It was a really good experience.
Excellent and easy to understand
One of finest teachings in excel
Excellent training materials!
Again it is good experience
Good content. Good pacing.
Thanks to all instructor.
over all a perfect course
great course....loved it
It was hard but worth it
Good for knowledge
IT WAS GREAT....
though but clear
It's ok
I found the following areas to be particularly useful to learn about:Combining and Changing TextExtracting and Finding Text Named RangesCOUNTIFS and SUMIFSTables and Pivot Tables
It was a good experience. I have learned many new tools and how to work smartly. i recommend every Student and employee to go through this course because excel makes work easier. Thanks Coursera.
I would like to extend my thanks without exception to everyone who has participated in the creation of this amazing course. Seriously WOW!! Now I just feel very proud of being Macquarie University student knowing that my university has one of the best Excel training courses on all online training platforms.Thank you so much, looking forward to start Excel Intermediate II soon.
I learned a lot from this course. Before starting this course I even can't plot a simple graph for my reports but then this course helped me learning mind blowing skills. Thanks Macquarie University.
This was my second course with Macquarie University and I can say that they make courses so interesting that one can complete it without getting bored at all.
Really great course with a lot of useful content. I had taken another Excel course on Coursera about a year ago, but it was nowhere close to being this detailed and informative. It is getting tougher and tougher undoubtedly but Prashant and Nicky do a great job at explaining the concepts and not to mention the challenges and the quizzes, they are awesome. The solutions are very helpful to say the least. I would recommend this course highly.
I learnt a lot of new things without any stress! Best kind of learning. The bite-sized videos and quizzes are a really quick way of cementing new knowledge, and I have a LOT more appreciation for MS Excel than I did. I guess I would personally have liked to be pushed a bit more technically but this was a good start. If you are tech/data savvy generally then it's very quick - I put in an hour a day and finished in 9 days.
The pedagogy was amazing and the assessments made were really testing but ta the same time, very learning. Thank you for creating this course and your efforts.
The course is of real help. Course material is in detail and very comprehensive. Looking forward to more such courses. Feeling much more confident! Thank you Coursera and Macquarie University.
I learned a lot of useful stuff in this course. Even though I kind of knew a little bit of everything it covered, this course made me understand the "how" things work. It has definitely made me more confident in using things like pivot tables, ranges, tables, which I had previously been fumbling through with a trial and error approach. Now I actually know why what I have done before does and doesn't work, and why.
Excellent course.Again, Macquarie University have shown us their commitment to quality.The training is extremely robust and teaches too many impressive functionalities in Excel. Since I've done the "Essentials" course, I already am able to do all reports my work demand, but now... Now I'm able to discuss about data visualization, present dashboards and solutions to improve the way we make data driven decisions.
Why aren't all the MOOCs on Coursera as GOOD as this courser?!!It was a self-motivated, professional and informative course with a lot of exercises and hands-on questions..And I had such an amazing experience..Thanks Parshan, Nikki and all the specialization team members.
Greetings to all of youI am very happy to complete my  course "Excel Skills for Business: Intermediate I". Thanks a lot  for offering this online course. I have learnt much more from this course. thanks againBest RegardsMusharaf Khan from Pakistan KP
Wow, I have no word to say about this course. Its video content, Structure is awesome. The tutor is good. Week assignments and quizzes are always ready to make our practice and make concept permanent.
I really enjoyed the flow of the teaching and the content provided. It made for a very smooth learning experience and helped me gain alot of knowledge which i can now apply at my job! thanks alot
I really liked the progression of this course! for an excel newbie at the start of Essentials course I am now; by end of Intermediate I, able to make dashboards and even forecast trends ! WOW!
one of the most amazing courses I've ever studied with great explanations and clarification of slightly complex topics
Like the Essentials course, this course is very well structured, with a very good pedagogical approach. Explanations in the videos (good sound) are clear and the learning is re-enforced by quizzes, assignments, graded tests and a final assessment. While I use Excel for quite some time I learned new material in this course (especially the consolidating function and named ranges). The concepts of tables and pivots (tables and charts) is well explained. Whole I was already familiar with tables and pivots, I learned few new stuff as well. Excellent course. As I had some free time in the weekend, I managed to do this well-structured course in the weekend (be it almost full-time) and the final assessment on the Monday. The course was a bit addictive. I will do the Intermediate II next and seeing the topics, most of them will be new for me. I recommend this course for those who wants to master Excel. It is the best MOOC on Excel (even better than the already good but a bit less structured on on EdX of Delft University).
I had Started this course from scratch Excel Business Essential, I felt the urge to dig deeper and got my self enrolled into Intermediate Level 1 Where I got to know about Absolute and reference Cell which seems to be daunting and i did not know why my excel records behave in weird manner. More Importantly i used to refer the columns by their reference which was not easy to remember but by the help of ranges It was very easy to link different columns from different worksheets. Nested used of formulas gave me control over my desired results. and i did not know much about pivot table and it's filter and hidden feature. If any body who wants to learn excel i will strongly recommend to give it a shot
It was great learning session that I ever had. There were topics for which I was very curious to learn for my professional role and successfully I accomplished it. It groomed my excel skills and now I can rate myself 7.8 / 8 out of 10. Quiz and the Final assessment after every week it was very helpful, it helped me to evoke everything what I have learnt through the entire week and finally, allowed us to do it practically. I would really would like to thanks Interplex and Coursera giving me such wonderful opportunity to upgrade my skills and for ascending my confidence level in Excel.
I have recently completed the Excel Skills for Business: Intermediate I course. This course was more challenging than the basic course and quite interesting. I like the approach and flow with which trainer teaches each and every point in the course. After learning week's course, it is quite interesting to complete same week practice challenge that brushes up all the concepts learned. it really helped me in gaining more acquaintance of Microsoft Excel as a powerful tool in the business world and I look forward to attending the Intermediate II course as soon as possible.
I Have passed many courses online. I need to tell you that the course I have passed here in this class was inevitably one of the most practical courses I have ever passed, making the teaching and learning process as scenarios were absolutely perfect.I would definitely encourage all my friends to participate in the course.I even some times feel that I need to pass the course again and enjoy the mastering in the class.once again I would like to thank our best perfect trainers in the class, and I wish the best for both of them.
I'm really satisfied of the teaching methodology and the course content. I've just learned a lot of things that i never studied during my university studies. The lessons are particularly impressive and they allow everyone to understand and to start using the most important functions of Excel. The Business background related to every single exercises is also useful in solving practical management and financial issues.
Awesome course, the videos are very easy going and if you practice along, it won,t be hard to pass all the exams with more than 905 marks. Thanks to faculties and the University offering the course.
I really really enjoyed the course, especially the well-designed practice assignments and quizzesToolbox helped me a lot in understanding the conceptsThank you very much for organizing it.
I am currently enrolled in
a number of online courses here on Coursera, and I am
reviewing this from personal experience that this entire series of
courses under the specialization thus far is NOTHING LESS THAN
AMAZING. The amount of such great quality courses here on Coursera is probably
just 5-10%, and they definitely fall into this category. 1. Entire course is
very well organised and structured. All workbooks are well-named, ordered, and
progressively provided to complement the progress in lecture videos. All
these makes it easy to follow along the lessons.2. The content in
every week are well-paced. The amount of content taught in every week are
manageable and sufficient. All topics and functions are well-covered,
not just briefly mentioned or briefly demonstrated (which happens very often in
other courses).3. All assessments are
very well thought out and well organised. Practice Quizzes after the
lecture videos allow learners to gain a better understanding, rather than
learning based on the videos alone. Practice Challenges and Graded Quizzes towards
the end of every week further enhances learning and mastery even further.The course itself
practices what the instructor always repeats: "Practice makes
permanent". Personally benefited tremendously from this great course,
and looking forward to the Intermediate II course! Keep it up Macquarie,
Prashan & Nicky!
I'm writing this review after doing both the Essential and the Intermediate I. I believe that one can skip the first course if one has been using Excel for some time as I find that most of the things were quite basics in nature. However, there were still few tiny things here and there, which I didn't know, but after doing that course, I can say that you should do that too, it will only help you in brushing up your basics. Else, just start with the second course. This course (Intermediate I) helps to get a better understanding of complex functions, mixed with more complex tasks. It is easy to follow through the steps and understand things. Usage of Tables, Pivot Tables and Pivot Charts, were my favourite bits. If you want to take the Excel mastery path, I believe that this course will undoubtedly help you. Happy Learning, Folks.
This is course has all it takes to succeed in. The questions are like the practical tests that brings out the best in you in the course. Very challenging. I have another look at Excel and my office has started reaping the values of the programme. Have reviewed our nominal roll to make it presentable. I am currently using the Advanced charts in analysing a survey on Covid-19 pandemic in the State. I am so happy that I did course at the right time. It has opened my eyes and I cannot hesitate to proceed on the next level.It provides what I need and opens my eye on what I can achieve with Excel. I thank Macquarie University for the wonderful opportunity to partake in this course. I recommend this series to anybody who wants to become competent in Excel. So far, so best. Thank
It has been extremely great to have enrolled in this course. The Faculty has worked really hard on developing this MOOC and hats off to them for creating such a good course. I have been working alongside the tutorials and I now have a much better knowledge about excel. One doesn't have to go through the videos again if he/she practices alongside. As the teachers always say  practice makes permanent. I personally love this course and highly recommend it to others. Patience and Practice are the two important things that are needed to complete this course. I'm pretty excited for the third course under the specialization. Eager to learn a lot of new things ! Thankyou Mcquarie University
Amazing Course! I have learnt useful tools to fasten my data analyzing skill for work. I have been learning/studying the course on my work laptop (OS: Windows and Language: Japanese) and home laptop (iOS MacPro 2019, Language:English). It was definitely very challenging as I had to switch my mind and get used to 2 different interfaces and languages.The course is very useful for people who needs excel skills for large datasets analyzing and presenting its complex datasets in a very simple/understandable way to clients. Charts, Pivot Table, Functions weeks were my favorite in this course. I'm going to apply for the next course of Intermediate II.
I never thought that Excel has this much of details. I have enrolled in the first course: essentials, and here I ve just finished with the second one, and of course, after witnessing this specialization quality, I decided to carry on with the third course. Nevertheless, there is just a little tiny issue, which is related to my version: In fact, mine is a 2007, so very few functionalities aren't available: sparklines and the combo function in charting which allows us to have two types of charts in one. Still, I recommand this specialization for everyone. It gave me a solid base. Special thanks for our teachers.
This course helped me to learn a whole lot of new excel tip and tricks. I enjoyed doing this course and I know this will definitely help me in sharpening my Excel knowledge. The course was well structure and the content with the practise exercises were challenging and kept me on my toes. Both the facilitators  Ncky and Prashant were great in their delivery. The rate of speech was perfect and the content was explained and broken down in an easy to understand manner. Thank you and as Prashat says 'Practise makes Permanent :-) "
This was a little hard compared to essentials but not too much. The videos explaining the benefits of tables in detail was much needed. The instructors took their time to explain the syntax and sequencing of nested functions, and that greatly helped in easily combining multiple functions such as concat, if, lower, right in the practice challenges and quiz. A supremely well constructed course to reinforce and enhance one's proficiency in Excel. I'm off to start the next one right away
My goal was to improve my existing skills in working with pivot tables and slicers.  Although, this course didn't expand those particular skills as much as I had hoped, I learned so much about other functions of Excel that I never would have known existed.  This was extremely helpful as I regularly work with large datasets to analyze for trends and forecast program performance.  I highly recommend this course, and the faculty that put together the spreadsheets and helpful videos
Very good course!the practical tests after every video class, helps you to fixed what you have watched.Also, the exercises and quizzes are well oriented, step by step,and makes you feel comfortable to do,  even if you don't feel confident to solve it!I recommend it to every one that do not know excel and also to those that pretend to follow the specialization, because there are features presented in excel basics course that can be helpful in the intermediate l course...
This course helped me a lot to raise my knowledge in Excel to a higher level. The Professors are experts in this area and tutorial videos are full of significant information. Understanding functions and applying formulas makes my life easy in dealing with huge and complex data. With my great experience taking this course, I will definitely proceed learning Excel further and looking forward to join more intermediate and advance Excel courses.
A really awesome course with just the perfect blend of video lectures, quizzes, and exercises. I am glad that I took the course for I am positive that it will help me a lot in the future. The course teachers have delivered this course in a way which makes it very easy to learn and grasp the knowledge.  I look forward to completing the rest of the specialization to become an expert in Excel.  Excited to see whats more in store for us.
EXCELLENT EDUCATION, NARRATION AND EXPLANATION IN IMMENSE DETAIL OF INTERMEDIATE MS EXCEL! I WAS WOWED BY THE VISUAL EDUCATION PROWESS DOCTOR PRASHAN AND DOCTOR NICKY. PLEASE TAKE ESSENTIALS BEFORE YOU TAKE THIS COURSE. THEY COME HAND IN HAND. EXCELLENT COURSE FROM MAQUARIE UNIVERSITY, I CAME AWAY WITH KNOWLEDGE, SKILL AND KNOW-HOW TO USE TOOLS IN MS EXCEL THAT I NEVER WOULD HAVE KNOW ABOUT. THANK YOU DOCTOR PRASHAN AND DOCTOR NICKY!
It was a great course. Very helpful for my current working field. Thanks a ton!! to Nikki and Prashan. They were too good throughout the training sessions. The videos were crystal clear and no where I found any gaps. I learnt many important skills through this course like pivot charts, tables, consolidating data, and functions. I am going to use this definitely in my upcoming career. I am looking forward for the next advance course.
Great course content and the opportunity to learn valuable Excel skills. The automated feedback could improve (in the absence of a teacher) as some parts are tricky. More practice exercises would also be useful with different challenges. But overall, I really learnt a lot from this course. For just a relatively small amount of time, one can pick up skills that will save so much time in one's daily use of Excel. Well done Macquarie.
The best course of excel i´ve ever done. Its simply teaches you tools from another level. I´ve already done more than 5 courses of Excel in Brazil and none of them gave me so much information like i had in Excel Skils for Business. Nicky, Prashan and Dr. Yvonne have awesome didactic and they make it so easy to learn.I am amazed on how much i´ve learned and i´m sure there is a lot more to come at Intermediate II and Advanced!!
Great course.I have learned Excel skills for business : Essentials course.That course taught me basics.But this course Excel Skills for Business : Intermediate I is definitely a little bit challenging course.I have learned a lot and new information and shortcuts in Excel. Instructors and their way of teaching is pretty good.From tomorrow, I am going to start Intermediate II .Waiting for upcoming challenges!
Wow! I took a whole course specialization on Coursera titled "Business Statistics and Analysis" and I gained alot of new practical uses for Excel but this course really expanded on what I previously learned. Lots of useful tools are discussed. Ample opportunity to practice and get familiar with all the new functions and applications that are taught! I recommend the entire course package (Essential-Advanced)
Wow!!!  I have taken other Excel courses, but never learned what I have learned in this class. The fundamentals build from one course to another. When I furst started this course I didn't understand why they chose to start it in the manner they did. However, as I progressed, it became very clear. I appreciate all that I learned from this course and highly recommend it. The learner forums are very helpful.
Great Course. Compared to the first course, where you can keep up with a basic level of everyday excel knowledge, this is where you will get completely new insights, that will exponentially increase your abilities and your efficiency. Knowing what excel has to offer only 2 courses in it seems almost alarming that so many of these useful functions seem to be very rarely used by the average user.
As part of the Specialization, this course builds upon the foundations of the previous course to introduce some of the most useful and indispensable concepts to gain advanced Excel skills: named ranges, tables and pivot tables and charts. The course is well structured and the explanations are clear, moreover practice challenges and exercises are really helpful to practice. Highly recommended.
The course is very useful . There are many short cut (Tool Box) which when used quickens the calculation beside makes it more convenient. The course covers the basics of many things we already use but never knew the logic behind it. Thoroughly enjoyed the course. Be it the discussions videos, practice excels or the tests . Prof Prashan is inimitable in his 'practice makes permanent' style.
Amazing course! I recommended this course to anyone who wants to ground their understanding of relativity advanced Excel Skills. The subjects taught in this course will fill in all the gaps in knowledge and give you a broad set of tools to use and the reasoning skills to know which tools to use and when. It has built a fearlessness in me for managing data and creating brilliant reports.
Thanks to the University. And for the distinguished professors who have prepared such an examination so that people like me can further refine their accounting information by Excel. I hope to pass the examination stages of certificate 3 and 4 to prove to the party I want to work then I am able to complete my work in an excellent manner. God willing, I find suitable work. Thank you .
I had to leave a review for this course, although only halfway through with it. The way it was designed, presented, detailed, structured... every single aspect of it raises the bar of what an online course should be.A massive thank you to the creators, amazing content, exercises and explanations, I am grateful I chose it and will be exploring other courses from the same publishers.
Studying this course was really an amazing experience of learning and practice. The topics covered during the six week were comprehensive and challenging. I would undoubtedly recommend this course to everyone looking to learn Excel in such a professional and academic way. The team at Macquarie University has done an outstanding effort to present such an elaborate material.
I feel very happy to choose this course , first of all thanks to faculty members to create a excellent course to the students as well as other members . and convey my gratitude toward  bottom of the heart both the faculty members . in this course each and every week is interesting at the same time practical sessions are so good . it helped me lot to  improve  excel skills
Best Coursera course I've taken, with the following reasons: 1/ easy to digest, 2/ great demo, 3/ thoughtful practice (application of knowledge), 4/ clear narration with great visual support (the videos aren't only showing you a screenshot of the instructor's screen but actually zooming in here and there, student's can see clearly where they should click on).  Just great!
Outstanding course. This cleared up a lot about pivot tables for me, and although I have more questions, I will be able to work with pivot charts (new to me) and pivot tables with FAR more confidence. Thank you to the incredible professors and staff who compiled this course and to the TAs who furnished guidance - and the students who asked questions before I did.  ; )
This a great continuation of the previous Essentials course. The instructors are awesome, the material is easy to understand, and the exercises help to learn all those wonderful Excel features.Highly recommend this course for everyone who is familiar with Excel basics. Better to take the 1st course in the Specialization though, makes the whole experience even better.
I took another Excel Course on Coursera put on by PWC.  I find that this course by Macquarie is better for my needs.  The examples, challenges, and quizzes reinforce concepts and lead to better proficiency.  The workbooks associated with the course all work as intended which was not the case with the PWC course.  This is an excellent course in content and execution.
I recommend any person want to learn excel take this course because very useful for me and give me a lot of information about use worksheet I will learn more about excel because this app very important in work if I go any interview ask me if I can work in excel or no. videos wonderful and brilliant teachers use an easy way to learn.thanks all teacher for helping me
Great talented instructors, in the final test needs to be more specific in the last two questions because it could be confusing whether to keep the filter for the second pivot table or not. In terms of the content and everything else it is a wonderful class. I admire the teaching skill of Professor Nicky in particular but Mr Prashan and Dr. Breyer are awesome too.
Amazing course. I am an advanced excel user however I am learning something that I didn't even know existed in excel. I am also learning new ways to do things I have done numerous times before. I am really happy that Macquarie University through this course shows us several different ways to achieve a given results. How I wish I had taken this class in college :-)
This specialization features the best classes I've ever taken on Coursera.  Prashan and Nikki are both fantastic teachers who work you through things step-by-step, and the constant practice challenges and small quizzes ensure that you get a chance to practice and retain the information taught.  I seriously cannot recommend this class or specialization enough!
Exceptionally well done. Great topics, pace, and just the right amount of information in the videos to guide the learner through the quizzes and ensure that you experiment and figure it out before progressing. Fantastic, and all hugely beneficial to any business person. Living without this knowledge for the past 15 years of work has been an incredible waste!
Amazing course! I love how the course is structured. The videos, practice challenges and quizzes are a really quick way of cementing new knowledge. I would undoubtedly recommend this course to everyone looking to learn Excel in such a professional and academic way.  I admire the teaching skill of Professor Nicky, Mr Prashan and Dr. Breyer. They are awesome!
I loved this course. Everything clearly explained, quizzies and assignments are very useful for training the skills.Small warning for users who have non-EN Excel version: for certain tests, EN-Excel is necessary. I didn't notice any info about it before I have started the test - not so nice surprise. Not sure whether everybody can switch to EN-Excel easily.
I was hesitant to venture into Intermediate 1 after completing the Fundamentals Course wondering how I would cope with more advanced learning on Excel. The Course material and the presentation has been so very good that I am absolutely enjoying going through the Intermediate 1 and look forward for completion of the Specialization.Well done Prashan and team!
Your whole procedures are good except assessment. You should set your assessment with different options for different students, otherwise they can copy the answer from others or from you tube where they can meet all the correct answer & can easily overcome the course & get a certificate without practicing or opening workbook. After all thank you very much!
The best course for working practically in excel. One thing I would suggest to management that topics like trend line and R can be explained with more videos or lengthy explanation because I felt difficulty in clearing the topics due to my level of understanding. The course is best for the Intermediate level1 you can try and improve your skills with this.
It is an amazing course with all the basics and intermediate stuff one must have in their portfolio. The speed of video, quality of quiz and the practise challenges are all amazing. I got a chance to learn skills like Pivot Table, Slicers and can now make a quick summary or report of large datasets in few clicks because of this course. Thank you Coursera!
Very good course, I have already completed Essentials course and now I learnt many new things in this Intermediate-1 course, they explained it step by step so it is easy to understand. I learned Pivot tables, Tables, 3D Formulas, Linking worksheets, Linking workbooks, Named Ranges, Pivot Slicers and many more which makes you work more efficient and quick
I always wanted to practice excel based on real-life scenarios. And at last, I found what I was looking for on Coursera. The course is designed neatly. If you go through the videos & practice all the attached files, then you can easily understand all the jargon of Excel. I am looking forward to Intermediate Excel II now. Kudos! to the honorable teachers.
Great Course! I recommend this course to anybody who uses Excel in his Job, if you already know something it still is useful, you get to understand the way the software works and allows for a better and more efficient use of it. If you do not need Excel on the job, it could still be very helpful for organizing data or make calculations in your business.
I learned a lot from the first course, but wow. I learned so much more from the second. I didn't realize how useful Pivot Tables were until this course. I am not a business major, but I do think that this course teaches very valuable Excel skills that help with analysis of large sets of data. The team that put this course together did such a good job!!!
With the basics obtained on the previous course, this topics were a natural progression. The difficulty of each topic was always a little harder than the one before and the videos explain greatly how everything works. It is also important to heed their advice and continue to practice and explore excel to get a deeper understanding of what you're doing.
it was a marvelous experience really  learned alot from t and the perfect thing is the availability of a plat form to practice step by step at this level and also diversity of examples and practical challenges and i would like to thank excel team for week 4 of intermediate excel as it enriches my info greatly thank yo from the deepest point in my heart
Superb!!! This course had been really amazing and an enlightening one. Prior to finishing this course I had no knowledge about creating and using pivot tables, 3D formulas, pivot charts, a lot many things. I simply loved the course and am looking forward to completing the remaining two courses of this module to become an expert in Excel very soon :)
This course was extremely instrumental for me in learning how to work with Excel. I have mastered Excel features that I had never thought I would be able to ever get a hang of. The course is very well-structured, well-taught and can be assessed as overall excellent. I highly recommend this course to anyone willing to master working with Excel.
Very helpful, well taught course! I learned a lot of useful skills that I can directly apply at work.  I liked that the weeks were broken down into short videos (roughly 5 min each), each followed by a short quiz. I also really liked that you were given the practice workbooks to work along the videos and directly try out what was being taught.
I started this course, after finishing the Essentials course, thinking I would just fill in a few holes and wouldn't really add to my overall knowledge until the third course. Boy, was I wrong! This class was an excellent resource, and I highly recommend it to people who have completed the Essentials course and want to improve their skillset.
Very good course, love the hosts, and the practice workbooks are very well made.I recommend starting with the first course though, as there is so much more to excel than I thought, you will learn a lot even starting at the basics.Anyone can learn from these courses, and I am thankful that these are freely available to the public, thank you.
This course was well-designed and the exercises did a great job of reinforcing all the learning concepts.   The pace and degree of difficulty was enough to challenge the learner but not overwhelm them.   The final assessment was the culmination of the learning process and provided another opportunity to reinforce all of the prior material.
Fantastic!  Extremely well organized and sequenced to build upon foundational knowledge along the way.  Modules are short and digestible.  Examples of use cases reflect very realistic business scenarios.  I've been using pivot tables for years and still learned a ton of efficiency and analytic tricks through this course! Highly recommend!
ANOTHER great lesson plan and how it was handled.  I was lucky though in a sense that I actually knew a lot of the topics in this Intermediate I level, but it definitely helped clear up some HOW and WHY questions I always had about some functions as well as I learned a few new tricks!  LOVE it and am excited to started Intermediate II.
A very good course. You'll start to wonder how much did you really knew about Excel and start discovering new tools that you once subestimated. The assignments are hard to do, sometimes you need to re-watch the videos, but it is not impossible. I very recommend this to everyone, whether you've worked with Excel for a few years or more.
Absolutely loved this course - I completed Essentials course and continued with Intermediate I. I now feel a lot more comfortable handling data on Excel. I learned tons of great skills that will come in handy in my future workplace. Very satisfied and looking forward to learning more skills in the future with the remaining two courses.
This course has taught me very valuable Excel skills. The table function is extremely useful, as I was constantly having to update my reference in the formula when updating my files. I already know how to use Pivot Table, but this course has filled in quite a few knowledge gaps for me, which make Pivot Table a much easier tool to use!
I found this course very resourceful and engaging. A lot of concepts were new for me and with the help of the instructors and meticulous course material I was able to sail through the practice material and assessments with ease. Thanks for designing such a wonderful course. Looking forward to the next 2 in this specialization track.
Nicky and Prashan has given a very detailed step by step lesson and this is very essential for online learning. I had one session on week 5 where it was taught by another person and the explanation and video were not shown clearly. This has caught my attention that Nicky and Prashan are still the best option to teach this programme.
This section of the course helped me format tables and create useful guideline for others in excel. This is a very nice course aimed towards learning the basic aspect of every skill listed in the week , while you go out there and learn how to apply the skills in actual work. Nice course will definitely enroll for the next level too.
Great course overall. Two things that I would change: Make some of the lessons more MacBook friendly so that the quizzes wouldn't be as confusing at times. The quiz questions that ask about all the ways you can find and do certain actions is important but it gets to be annoying because of the inconsistency between the two systems.
The Course is really comprehensive & well structured. This course teaches us how to handle large data sets easily. The practice quizzes, challenges & assessments are really helpful to get familiar with the software features. I strongly recommend this for those who have a basic understanding of excel but want to take it up a notch.
Learning Excel is gives a excellent Carreer.I really wanted thanks professor Nikki Bull and Prasanth for this wonderful session. What I believe in learning process is the communication plays a very important role ,in this course the communication between professor to students is awesome, and that is encouraging me learn more:)
When I saw the video lengths ranged from barely 2 to 6 minutes on average, I thought this would be a waste of time. But, the way the professors have presented and compiled the video. It seems that those 2 to 6 minutes were worth investing my time. I learnt a lot in such a short amount of time. Thanks for such amazing content.
That was an excellent course for someone who wants to develop essential skills in excel, such as myself. The teaching team is super-excellent and the content is great, I enjoyed learning all the handy new skills and tackling the challenges. I feel empowered and more confident to use Excel. This is definitely a must-do course!
The course was very challenging but also organized to perfection. The way the instructors walked through each lesson step by step, as well as including practice challenges at the end of each week really reinforced and challenged the user to practice, practice, practice! I am already looking forward to completing more courses!
The lectures were very well designed and the weekly practice challenges were very fun to solve.I really appreciated features like Keyboard Shortcuts and Ninja tips.I learned some cool features that I had never even heard of before: 3D formulas, named ranges, advanced charting and slicers to name a few.Huge thanks to the team
Wow! can't believe myself i have made it this far. All the topics covered in this course were interesting and felt like it could really increase your skills of excel. I plan to continue moving onto the third course and eventually the advanced one. Thanks to my mentors once again, wouldn't be possible without you people. :))
I really like your short videos and constantly providing the practice workbooks. I have tried many other online courses. Their videos are too long. Each video 5-6 minutes max is the best. And practice quiz right after each concept is brilliant. Thanks so much for putting this course up  online so I can learn about Excel. :)
Excellent course to learn excel but assignments are too tough. Need more response in the discussion forum. Lecture should be upgraded with assignment problems. Otherwise sometime it become really frustrating to continue this specialisation course. My humble request is to consider all these problems to the course authority.
Myself Vipin Kumar Goyal working with KIET Group of Institutions, Ghaziabad,India as a Laboratory Instructor in Applied sciences Department. This is fantastic experience to learning this course with Coursera. There are very good video and learning materials.All quizzes and assignments were good quality.Thank you so much!!!
Hats off to the instructors - Prashant and Nikki! I am amazed how smoothly they tutored complex Excel functions so well. I found the course challenging yet fun. I am sure the team must have put a lot of hard work in bringing this course together. This is the first time i am writing such a lengthy feedback! Good luck guys!
The finest course created to teach Microsoft Excel. At Ikigai Healing Foundation (ikigaiHealth.org) we will be able to add value through the skills learnt in this course and I look forward to the next course in this specialization series. Expressing my gratitude to the course instructors and the entire team. Thank You!
I have already taken the previous Excel course in this series, and this course just as the previous one, is on point, covers all the topics in-depth as mentioned in the course outline, and each and every topic is well explained. The instructors are awesome and the whole course is organized very well. Excellent course!
Excellent course. Intermediate I, has really helped me to take the excel to next new level. Did not realize that there are so many things that we can do and actually automate most of our data.Loved it and learnt a lot of features.Thanks to the team (Prashan, Nicky, Prof. Breyer and others behind the course), Rakesh
Excellent course designed and great instructors. It's the best course I recommend for self teaching. Gave me confidence and ultimate satisfaction. Nice lecture videos and practice modules. The examination is itself a great teaching which covers many other options one can come across. Thanks to Macquarie University,
Excellent course.  The instructions were clear and easy to follow.  Provides very good summaries on how to use, format and extract data (or produce reports) from regular tables and Pivot tables - which is what I was really looking for.  That plus all the other data analysis tools provided makes this course a MUST.
i learned so much about using excel, and the quizzes and practice were really helpful. as a suggestion though, maybe you should ask for results but  not tell users how to get there (or at least, not hold their hands) to challenge their critical thinking/problem solving skills, as no boss will do that in real life
The lessons for this course were very thorough, and the practice challenges were super helpful in preparing for the final quizzes and exam. I learned a lot of new Excel skills geared toward efficient data study for large data sets. Would highly recommend for someone trying to step up their Excel knowledge.
This is the first course I'm completing on Coursera. Every bit of my time spent on this course is worth it. My sincere appreciation to the course instructors. You're the best. You have opened me up to an entirely new world in Excel and I eagerly look forward to the remaining courses in this specialization.
I thought I knew a lot about Excel before starting this course... gosh, was I wrong. The instructors break down key concepts step by step and make it very easy to understand. How did I not know that these awesome tools in Excel were there? This course has been a game changer for me and my Excel knowledge.
I found this course very helpful and effective. I really appreciate to Coursera Team for this wonderful learning website. Also, mention for the course that the instructor is very good. The way of teaching is very efficient. course material and practice exercises are easy to understand.Thank you so much.
I really love this course. They teach us from very basics to nurture our knowledge and building basic concepts which are very important to become a pro. Thank you for helping me out in this course of excel and I wish I could use all these in my work. I really love the instructors, they are the best!
Excellent course with excellent instructors, who help you develop your spreadsheet skills needed in the workplace. I recommend this to everyone who wants to gain expertise in the excel spreadsheet software for business. A better option too, would be to complete the excel for business specialization.
Fantastic. I learned so many new things that I had never even seen before when I was in school. The more I learn about Excel the more my mind is blown away what a fantastic spreadsheet software excel is when you know how to use it. And also the course is wonderful too, right to the point. I love it.
First, I did course1: "essentials" and then started with this course. I am so glad after completing this course and feeling confident! The structure of the course is superb and concepts are very well explained with loads of practice challenges which were helpful to get acquainted with new concepts.
Great explanations - helpful to anyone wanting to learn something new or to refresh knowledge on specific Excel topics such as data consolidation, text & date functions, naming ranges, count functions, sparklines, tables & Pivots. Well explained and easy to understand following the video tutorials.
Course creates a great insight on how you can use Excel for data mining. Instructions are clear, assignments are fun and you can learn a lot. Until starting this course I had basic understanding of what you can do with charts, Pivot tables but I didn't realize how easily you can sumurize data and
I have learned some amazing features in excel which is turning out to be the most vital aspect of my life as far as my workplace is concerned. The instructors were amazing and hats off to the whole team who have designed the course superbly. I have gained utmost satisfaction by doing this course.
I have enjoyed this course, found lots of great ideas to use for future! I knew about pivot tables, but this helped to understand how easy and useful. I love how instructions are clear and easy to follow, each video helps develop knowledge and skills. Great idea about the challenge spreadsheet.
The course is structured in a very efficient way and all the instructors explain the concepts in a very simple way, additionally, the practice challenges allowed me to further test what I've learned without as much guidance as the video lessons. Overall a very great course and would recommend.
The course is structured in a very efficient way and all the instructors explain the concepts in a very simple way, additionally, the practice challenges allowed me to further test what I've learned without as much guidance as the video lessons. Overall a very great course and would recommend.
I wish I knew about this course before! An absolute gem of a course to learn Excel!  I will say it once again: this course is brilliant. You are bound to learn Excel if you do the practice lessons with care. Even if you complete the exercises to earn the certificate, you will learn a lot.
I am so glad and satisfied about this course. I recommend this course to everyone who is enthusiast for excel course with basic excel knowledge. I had basic knowledge so i didn't enroll in Essentials. Overall I am satisfied and Insha-Allah I will enroll in the next course intermediate ll.
Great course with informative videos which show the application of all tools. Good teacher and good content in the form of excel sheets to work on. we can apply the taught methods on our own which helps big time. The quizzes at the end of each week are very helpful to remember everything
One of the best courses I have ever taken in my life. Learning excel couldn't be easier yet so effective. Practice videos are well-paced, quizzes are relevant, practice challenges are nicely structured and the week-end assessments are just about right in testing the learners' capacity.
This is undoubtedly the best online excel course. examples, practices and quizzes are really very practical.  Everyone has to practice more and more to pass the quizzes. Thank you so much Nicky and Proshant. U did an amazing job for us. Hopefully I will do the rest of the courses.
The teaching on this course is superb, I have learned so much, Prashen and Nicky take you through the steps so clearly. I really appreciated their approach! Dr. Yvonne Bryer was also excellent. I feel confident to utilise my new found updated Excel skills in my job. Many thanks.
Very practical, verified but well-designed tests that will accurately check if you understood the lesson and give you a chance to practice. It opened my eyes on how complex and useful Excel is and I will defenitely continue with the next chapter created by this author. Thanks!
The course is excellent. Its content, study material and structure are perfect. The activities are quite enriching and the way in which they are developed, ensures the student a complete learning. very satisfied regarding everything related to the course. Thank you very much
Excellent course, after learning increase efficiency, productivity to work on Excel and especially learn 3-D formula, Making Table, Name Ranges etc. In the last, teaching method of instructors is AWESOME!!!, no problem to understand the content and logic.Regards, Neeraj Jain
This is everything you need to  apply in your workplace and in personal life. This course not only teaches new techniques or formulas but also the most convenient  way to use  them. The course is well sorted and makes you caught up in the course unbeknownst to the learner.
Big thank you to Parshan, Nikki and all the specialization team members! This specialization is the best of all courses I've enrolled.  I love how they motivate learners to practice, their voice, how they teach, everything in this course just perfect and very professional!
Excellently organized course. The Instructors have made a great effort in preparing the course, selecting the materials for learning and practice and have  done a great job in assessing the difficulty level. It is a fitting continuation to the Essentials Course! Thank you!
I've taken all of their Excel Courses and I must say they have done an excellent job. From the topics they covered to their style of presenting the material everything is good. Most of all, one can feel how much care and love was behind each module. I Highly recommend it.
Found this course difficult but great tuition throughout and has helped immensely. Have absolutely loved doing this course and now i am in a position to greatly improve the quality of sales analysis reports i can produce for my Sales Executives and the Board of Directors
I love the practice videos, the weekly assessments and challenges. I love everything about the way this course is being taught. Please introduce more courses in advance analytics in more sophisticated tools which can help students like me in early years of their career.
The course is designed well and the instructors are the best. The practice problems, the assessment helps to review the material especially the final exam helps to practice and trains the mind to remember material from all weeks. I must say the NInja Techniques are fab.
This course has been very helpful to me. Although, I knew the basics of Excel but still was not proficient in applying formulas, pivot tables, charts, and many more features which this course taught me. I am looking forward to enrolling in other similar courses as well.
Great lessons, mini quizzes, practices and tests ensure you know the topics covered. Although I have been using excel last 25 years, there are still functions and shortcuts I was not aware of, so the course was  very beneficial, and will continue with Intermediate II.
This is the course where you realize that you actually did not know how to really use Excel. Excel is more than a basic calculator. I can't wait to re-evaluate all my spreadsheets! I am so happy I took this course! Pursuing this Specialization is absolutely worth it!
I learned a great deal from this course. I was really impressed with the delivery of the course and how it really enhanced my knowledge further in doing things effectively and efficiently than I have always done it. Thank you Macquarie University, thank you Coursera!
I am learning so much with these courses. The course is organised so well. I love the practice exercises. a great plus is the excel templates to practice. I am seeing to excel in a completely new light now. I am really hoping that the specialization has a capstone !
Very well organized course with plenty of new things to learn about Excel tools. Honestly, cannot wait to see what the instructors have prepared for the Intermediate II. I thought my knowledge of Excel was already Intermediate, but now I see how shallow it had been.
I've taken several Excel courses and this has been one of the most organized.  I appreciated that they included several practice exercises that included real world situations to assist in lesson retention.  Well done and a course that I would be happy to recommend.
I really learnt a lot of useful techniques from this job and actually created a beautiful Pivot Report for my job interview. Thank you a lot for offering this course and I really appreciate that. It will be more useful if you keep practicing more and more on Excel.
For a clear understanding of 3D formulas, Named Ranges, Pivot Tables, Pivot chart this course will definitely help you. I have learnt a lot through this course and will complete this specialization for sure. Thanks a lot to Coursera and the honorable Instructors.
Great course, but it seems to be more for beginners, going to check next courses. How ever the information and examples on subject as well as quizzes, practice exercises and assessments are interesting and structured. Everything works smooth on Mac. Thanks a lot.
This course is above my expectations. Easy to understand. Well built step by step explanations. Clear and clever information is given very briefly but effectively. Really good workbooks for training yourself.Thank you to everyone who has efforts in this course.
Thank you Nicky, thank you Prashan! This is the best excel course I have ever had! I love the setup, training videos combined with  practice in each step, I agree with Prashan "Practice make it permanent". I will definitely continue learning with your courses,
This is an absolutely brilliant course. Thank you all for the effort put into this, I was as you mentioned a self taught Excel user and this really allowed me to get a grasp on tools that I did not even know existed. Looking forward to Intermediate II soon! :)
The course was really nice, thorough explanatory and surely added up new things like 3D Formulas, Pivot tables, etc. in my knowledge of excel. Also, the course instructors were really helpful throughout the journey.Hope to complete the rest courses as well :)
Excel is a great pillar of manage large data calculation. Linking multiple worksheets and workbooks to manage a large amount of data, 3D formulas, math and text functions make this much easier to do.. I'm glad I'm part of this learning.. Thanks Excel Team...
It's a great course to learn Excel for intermediate level. Actually, in business sector more data so that linking , consolidation and pivot table are so important to learn. we can get more than those , so i suggest you all, make a hover over this course. :-)
Very good course! Really useful tools in order to refresh your knowledge or learn new features of Excel. I must admit that all these skills are a must have for daily activities in any organization. I can't wait to see what follows in Intermediate 2 course...
This course is so well set out and it covers everything step by step. I would suggest that if you are pursuing this course to go through it with the videos and also complete the Practice. I can honestly say that I have learnt a lot in this course.Thank you.
The format of this class is incredible. Students are given the opportunity to practice every skill and function that they learn, with the motto "practice makes permanence" echoed in each lesson. Instruction is clear and thorough. Would highly recommend it!
i am so blessed to be associated with cousera, this course has taught me things i could never know on my own, i am grateful. i am looking forward to starting a new career with this new skill and knowledge and taking more of other series of excel. Thank you
This was a great course - text functions were tricky but the lessons on Named Ranges, Tables and Pivot tables were fantastic. I had never used Tables or even named ranges before and wasted untold hours selecting ranges and using slow sort/filter processes.
With the help of this course I have now a command over excel. I would definitely recommend this course to everyone who wants to organise their data effectvely and efficiently. Also, I would like to thanks the faculty for such great lessons on the subject.
Excellent course, I learned a lot! There was only a small problem with the files from week 4 , because there was an argument for a function  "(...."yyyy") that in the portuguese version had to be replaced by (..."aaaa") to represent the year correctly.
A great course even if you feel comfortable with MS Excel. I was comfortable with some of the tools that were taught in the class but the content was a nice mental stretch that allowed me to learn some things. I think that I can become an Excel master.
It helps you to construct really powerful datasets with more advanced charts and pivot tables. Consolidate tools also was one of the high points in this course! Very important skills in Excel that everybody should learn. I highly recommed this course!
it's one of my greatest online course. easy to follow, clear direction and appropriate practical lesson which not too hard but not too easy. Only drawback with the discussion clip between two people that was slightly poor voice recording but it's ok.
Excellent course to discover the power of excel.This course gives a glimpse of  some of the advanced options like pivot table,slicer,named range,3-D formula,consolidation and many others.This course will enable one to become a power user of excel.
"Excel Skills forBusiness: Intermediate I" was a very helpful to me. I have worked with larger data sets and I never knew many terminologies such as diff. b/w Ranges and Tables. Having  Such knowledge makes you quicker and more efficient on excel.
A good course. Gives good tips and explains clearly. Videos, Practices and Assessment materials make it largely enough in my opinion to get a grasp of the features. I did not go through the optional challenges and material due to time restraints.
Absolutely recommend doing this course even if you are using excel for a long time. The learning is nicely structured and there are lot many things which we do not know in excel even though we use it daily. This course has made my tasks easier.
Highly recommend this intermediate course! It is well taught. The videos are easy to understand, the practice exercises are plentiful. This course really helped me built my confidence with excel. I have learned a lot and will continue learning
Amazing ! Totally amazed the way this course is structured and how entire curriculum been organized. Never Knew excel learning can be so fun and organized. Extremely grateful to entire teaching staff who managed to pull this off so gracefully.
An excellent specialization, which covers Standard Excel from the basics to advanced features, with clear explanations and many examples. The course motto is "Practice makes Permanent"   and the assignments definitely help learn the material.
Very clear and well divided into small sections that are easy to process, while still being highly informative! The training contains a lot of useful tips and reviews functions and features that I could apply to my work. Highly recommend it!
Game ON! Excel is a powerful tool and if you meet the right teachers - they can teach you so much more about it. And you'll gain confidence. I think that I've met professional teachers at Macquarie University. I highly recommend this course.
Excellent Course with great content. The teaching methodology used is doing wonders in the course for me. In detail explanation. Materials provided are very useful to practice along with the lectures. The assignments are designed very well.
I recently was asked to join the Board of a new nonprofit organization in the capacity of Business Director. What I have learned in this class, and what I will learn in future Excel classes, will be fundamental in my duties as the Director.
Very exciting and motivating. It the course is well designed to keep you wanting to do more and prove yourself of getting better at Excel. I am very happy to have enrolled in the course. A BIG THANKS TO ALL THE INSTRUCTORS. I LOVE YOU ALL!
I really had no idea that excel has so exciting & efficient features which I could learn. It is extremely required to do handle big data in business. Thank you coursera & Macquarie University for explaining in such an easy & efficient way.
Excellent course where I learned new Excel formulas, techniques and applied it to business spreadsheets. I learned a lot about using slicing tools such as (LEFT, MID, CONCAT) and enjoyed diving into Pivot tables to solve various questions.
I really like this course. Even though I have been working with Excel for a while, I don't know many tips to facilitate my daily task. Thanks to the course, I can broaden my Excel skills and feel confident to apply it efficiently at work.
Easy way of learning how to deal with large datasets of data. It has given me a lot of confidence to face future challenges at work. I would recommend it to anyone who would like to get more experience with this excellent software tool.
This course is very important and thanks to all of coursera and teams. I have learned alot from this course. From consolidating to pivot table and pivot chart, all are best for excel users. I will cerntainly, enroll in the next course.
I have learned entire areas and methodology I never knew was possible, regardless of my many years of using excel.  This course is going to save me so much time and provide powerful functionality to my reporting and spreadsheet design.
I just love the way you guys teach. It is really a great effort! Only one request, if you could provide a bit detailed solution for the Advanced Practice Challenge. The course contents and everything is really awesome! Thanks a lot!!!
I find this course very helpful. Content is nicely organised, and the explanations are very easy to understand and follow. Also, the course provides lots of exercises for you to practice the skills learned from the videos and readings
This is a great course to understand Excel more deeply. The explanations using real-life cases are easy to follow and the lecturers often provide more than one way to do something, which triggers students' initiative to explore more.
Great CourseThis course will help you understand the power of excel. For new user is a great way to learn the tools that Excel can give you, and for the regular user it will be a great way to update your skills with the new features.
Very systematically and gradually introduced the concept and practice sessions and quizzes so that skill improvement is visible and we become more confident. Also wonder what excel can do and we have been missing all the time so far.
Excellent course. Focused and practical, but with enough tantalizing hints of the power of mastering Excel that you want to keep learning more! Enjoyed the format of the practice challenges (though I wish they were more consistent).
This course is very stimulating, you learn everything step by step and built on what you learnt in the previous course. I want to discover more about amazing features of excel so I am looking forward the next level, intermediate 2.
Really good course. I was not aware about the lot of functions available in the excel. This course will surely help me in my office work. Now i am looking forward to complete the Intemediate II course and then advance excel course.
Amazing course. I can't speak any more highly of it. The tools learnt are invaluable and have already saved my hours, days, weeks worth of time in Excel. I highly recommend for everyone! Provided you've already done the Essentials.
This course worked like a knowledge pool for me. I have learnt a lot of new things here. The content of the course is good and covered good details. Thank you for sharing your views and knowledge with us through this online medium.
excel skills intermediate shows what looks to you through those tabs. there is so much more to explore and learn. i thank coursera team for developing such an enriching  module on excel. i highly recommend this course to everyone.
AMAZING COURSE, i thought i know most of the things about EXCEl before taking this course, but i was wrong!. this course showed me lots of features and tips that are very useful. EXCELLENT Course, i recommend every one to take it.
This course was more challenging than the first. However, the structure and delivery of the program motivated me to go on. I loved every second of it because it pushed me to new limits. Thank you! See you in Intermediate II soon.
Super well designed course! Videos are easy to understand and not long and boring. Assignments and exercises are structured in such a way that allow to fix ideas and help to remember every new feature. Highly recommended course.
What a superlative course. So much about Excel that I was unaware of from consolidation, to tables, to how NOT to always use the concatenation function... how to manipulate with unpredictable characters... All just wonderful!
Really Clear and straight forward, awesome teachers lots of materials for practice, and sharpen your skills. I'm definitely more confidant with using excel, moving to the intermediate II. highly recommend the 1st two courses.
One of the best Excel courses I've ever attended.It really teaches you what you need to know to step up your Excel skills and impress your colleagues at work.Well done!Can't wait to start the Intermediate II and the Advanced.
Very good course. I thought I was relatively proficient with Ms. Excel, but this course opened up so many doors and taught me how to change some of the things I've been done already to make life easier. Highly recommend it.
Very nicely curated course, good learning videos and some ninja tips on top of that. Really recommend to people who work with lots n lots of data and want them to be better organized and be ready for any kind of reporting.
I really loved this excel course.It's so complete! has exercises to make sure you learned and short videos to teach you. I am so happy that I find this course. I will continue for the next ones. thank you for the good job!
Excellently structured course covering significant aspects of excel. Practice,Quizzes and tests made the concepts even more stronger.I really recommend this course for any one who wishes to further enchance  excel skills.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. Thank you very much Professor Yvonne, Prashan & Nicki, you guys have brilliantly designed the course format and everything was well explained. Looking forward to start with the next level.
Videos and practice challenges are really easy to learn from. Great to go back and re-watch video and read transcript if you can't remember how to do something. Lots of good exercises and learnings to use in my job role.
Challenging, a bit more and clear explanation could have been provided for the Data Consolidation part. Other than that, I was able to follow all instructions smoothly and attempt the quizzes and challenges successfully.
It was a great course! I enjoyed the course all 6 weeks. Easy to understand and really helpful. It helped me to see a more useful excel for data analyzing data and extract important data we use daily. Thank you Coursera!
The course is amazing, can able to learn the advance skill of excel in an very easy way and can able to learn easily and also gives value to the certificate, Only request to moderator is to add more practical challenges.
Really a great course to be taken by everyone who is seeking job in industry.This course is fully packed with practice videos, practice challenges, quizzes etc, which makes it different to others. Really a great course.
Really Liked the explanation of each and every important thing in all the topics. I liked the level of exercises but I felt somewhere the language of the questions was bit confusing to understand the question perfectly.
This course is really interesting and it's the first course of this specialized program that gives you a more in-depth knowledge of Microsoft Excel and lots of tools to start doing more complex tasks and analyzing data.
It's impressive how many tools and technique you lrearn during the course. Example are not trivial and are business related so very realistic. The course is addictive. You're always looking forzwrd to the next lesson.
With a firm base through Essentials, cracking Intermediate I was easier. Once again a great round of applause and heartful thanks to the Director and the training teachers for making this course efficient to its best.
An evident feeling of confidence within me to use excel in a much more efficient way. Learnt a lot of new functions that will surely make my life easier in the future. Looking forward to the next level of this course.
Amazing course. During each week you will learn different skills which you will be able to understand quickly. The explanations are easy to process, and the assignments will help you to consolidate the new knowledge.
This course is awesome! Thank you to all the instructors. The course is a perfect combination of videos and practice sets. Thank you, Coursera for making such brilliant content available for free during the Pandemic.
it was an amazing course offered by the concerned university, tutor, course content, quiz and all other stuff was amazing and challenging, now i'm trying to enroll in Intermediate II course so may excel in my career
Very detailed, well structured and comprehensive course, follows a good pace in the learning process.Useful for more professional  reporting. I am very pleased I had all this knowledge in such a short period of time
Work through excel and be a specialist on it will bring you an interesting skill to play with data. This course will help you to make yourself one step ahead to be a specialist! Learn, enjoy & implement. Thank you!
This course is really well done. I have learned a tremendous amount that I can use immediately and make my work life much better. I really appreciate all the time and effort put into making such a wonderful course.
This course is excellently designed, and the material is great.The topics are arranged in proper sequence, the instructors have taught really well, and the test gives a very good revision of all the topics covered.
Excellent and i recommend it strongly to any employee who uses MS Excel in his work as this will add much more efficient, effective and time-saving techniques a part from the view enhancements that you learn here..
Excellent! I work with excel some years, but in this course learn many new things that are great for me in future! Lectures (video and quizzes are fine, thy give new knowledge for everyone who want learn)Thank you!
It is an amazing course with lots of hands on. Thank you so much for bringing out this course so well. I specially like the presence of large number of assignments that helped me to mastery the concepts very well.
starting with consolidate was not wise, an easier topic would have been better, like table for example , but overall the course is really helpful and smooth,  and user friendly, it had all what I needed and more.
The faculty, the learning tools and the sequence are excellent! I'm more confident to use Excel now and intend to complete the four modules. University of Macquarie, thanks for providing this great opportunity. .
Great Course! Just would like to tell one thing. Can Mr. Prashan stop saying, "Practice makes Permanent" every single time. It's damn irritating to hear it all the time. Rest assured, everything is just superb!!
Actually this course is very important for my feauter life i start excel essential and now i complete excel immediate part 1 there are Simple vedio explaine and patrical exam I recommend this course is very good
Loved this course!! This course has offered me a realm of advanced excel skills used in a day-to-day business setup. Highly recommended for excel beginners to have a hand on the skills mentored by Excel experts.
You learn a lot more than you think you do. It isn't until the final assessment that I realised how far I had come and how much I could do. Things I would never have previously attempted are now very achievable.
The delivery of course content is absolutely fantastic. Providing ready-made worksheets for practicing is very much appreciated. Also, solving practice challenges helped quite a lot to test the concepts learned.
The course was extremely helpful and I learned many new and essential skills required in Excel to be a better professional, and I could identify many of my skill gaps.  Thank you everyone who worked behind this.
A really well-prepared and delivered course. All the assignments, quizzes, and challenges were really good and made the learning more fun. Learned a lot and will be moving forward for Intermediate 2. Thank you.
Very well put together, videos are easy to follow and all information are extremely clear. Challenges and tests really put your knowledge at good use and make the information permanent. Definitely recommended!!
Very enlightening and educative. Wonderful Instructors. Great videos. Eye Opening. Well designed exercises, quizzes and tests. Thank you, Prashan and Nicky. Thank you, Macquaire University. Thank you, Coursera.
I loved this course!  How I wished I had taken it a long time ago.  Especially helpful were the work sheets that you had us do that came accompanied with the solved versions.  Really good practice and good fun!
Although I have been using Excel for 7 years, I learnt so many new things in this course that could have been useful to me. Every analytics team using Excel should use this specialization to train new analysts.
The course is well designed and structured, explanations are clear. Challenges are very helpful. I'd suggest this course to improve Excel skills effectively. Thanks, Macquarie University! Thanks, Coursera!
Thanks allot, COURSERA Through this platform, I have learnt lot of things related Excel using. Infuture I will revise all materials provided from COURSERA for further improvement. Onceagain thanks COURSERA
This was a great course. The practice challenges and quizzes really help, and the instructors do a great job explaining everything in full detail, step by step. I think the courses were all very thorough!
The course design is very precise and to the point. I am an Electrical Engineer, and Coursera has been a great platform for online learning. I recommend it to everybody who wants to excel in their career.
This course was really useful, there were a lot of new things for me e.g 3-D Formulas, Consolidation tool and Tables. Pivot tables, charts and slicers were explained very well. Thank you for this course!
The videos are well paced and the practice quizzes cover the essentials.The assessments are designed well and the course assessment is a great resource to make sure you have understood the entire course.
One of the best courses I've attended on Excel. A lot of Data Manipulation and presentation. Excel is very wide and very useful. Report Extraction greatly expounded. I'm motivated to learn Excel further.
A Wonderful Course. It was really very beneficial for my day-to-day work, and I am glad to have completed it successfully. The teachers were amazing, and the course was very well organized and explained.
This is an excellent course! The tutors, the content, the pace, the activities are perfect. Not only have I learnt Excel, but also have learnt how to design and deliver an engaging and fantastic course.
I love this course a lot! Thank you very much for this course. It is easy to understand and follow. The practice challenges are so fun to do. Looking forward to the next course in this specialization.
The length of the video lectures are just right and the numbers of exercises or quizzes are just right. Learned a lot of new things about Excel's functionality. A huge step from the Essentials course.
Thank you! I learned a lot from this course. Looking forward to enrol in the next level Excel course. Keep up the good work. You are helping a lot of students and even professionals with this course.
This is so far the best Excel course that I have encountered. By the end of the 1st week, I enrolled in the next two courses provided by the same school as well. Extremely impressive and a must-do.
Excellent course. The content is challenging for someone familiar with Excel looking to refresh and enhance skills. I definitely recommend taking the Essentials course before beginning this course.
Excellent. I feel so challenged every time I open the workbooks and yet at the end of each week I feel like it's a piece of cake. The videos are very well done - comprehensible and easy. Great job.
I want to congratulate all the people behind this course because just as in the essentials course, the way lessons are organized and explained are just perfect. Thank you for this wonderful course.
I really enjoyed this course! It has taught me a lot about Excel and its more advanced functions. Besides, the way all the topics are approached is very clear and easy to understand. Thank you! :)
Very useful course for those who have limited experience with Excel features. Videos and explanations are clear and informative. I already find myself applying a lot of these tools in daily work.
Exceptional Stuff! Kudos to the team that has put this course together. Thoroughly enjoyed this course. Looking forward to more such courses from Macquarie University and Coursera Collaboration.
The course was real hard but fantastic. I admit that i have learnt a lot of new things which can surely be helpful for me in future. I just loved this course. Thanks to the course instructors.
That was really amazing to do all those calculations using such simple techniques. The two instructors are so much good and expert in teaching. I must say I am impressed. Thanks a lot to you.
This was a highly informative and very fun course. It challenged me and gave me the right pathway, in order to find ways to use the skills I learn in this course in my own educational career.
Thank you Prhsant sir and Nikky for always encouraging to practive more that makes permanent . I will continue to work on my skills and work on  weak areas that need more  actions  Cheers <3
Most compelling part of this course was the exams! Really it is. It was fun to participate in those. Learnt many new skills and I am hopeful to implement these successfully in my daily work.
Best course that I've ever taken. I hope that I will be able to complete the specialization also. Thank You Dr. Prashan Sir and Ms, Nikki. I literally have no words to express my gratitude.
I loved the course so much and the professors who taught the course were really fantastic. I fell in love with their teaching methods. And I am looking forward to my next course. Thank you.
It was a great course that has challenged me over the weeks. I have gained a huge knowledge of Excel at intermediate level. I will definitely keep learning with the Intermediate II course.
This is amazing course. Instructors are so soft speaking, and the teaching style is so motivating that makes me learn more and more.I am going for higher level course as soon as possible.
It has an excellent pace of learning with increasing difficulty that is adaptable. The topics covered are quite useful and I can see myself using them more often during my work projects.
This course really helps me a lot to gain skills in a very simplest and understanding ways ,course design structure is very nice and very helpful to me and many others .thank you so much
It was really informative and useful course. The video lectures and instructors explanations are clear and ninja tips and shortcuts taught in the course made the learning more efficient.
This course was great for me. I learned a lot of things, such as reporting, pivot tables, the importance of the named ranges, working with text and dates. Totally worth it! :) So happy!
Incredible! It is so simple but teaches things that I have been either confused about or just using without really understanding what I was doing for the last decade lol.AMAZING COURSE!
this course is especially designed for you to learn the best and efficient way to use Excel. Fallowing all the professor's advice  you will become in an expert of this powerful program.
Excellent course! Course structure is well thought out and perfectly designed. This course, along with the rest of the specialization, is hands down the best learning resource on Excel.
A really great course to learn intermediate skills in excel. The practice videos are easy to understand and the quizzes are mostly based on the practice videos and practice challenges.
What a great course! TY, Nicky and Prashan. Nicky's narrative sparks patience. She spread a much needed endurance to get you through the practice and challenge videos. Happy "slicing!"
One of the best courses on Coursera. It makes you understand Excel so easily. I'm loving my journey of learning Excel and looking forward to learning more! Thanks to Prashan and Nicky!
I like this a lot,   Great lectures. Energetic. Great structure. I am happy with the content of the course, like the case-based approach. Lectures were nicely structured and presented.
Excellent course. Many topics showed things I never thought were possible with Excel.Easy to understand lessons, valuable application files of what was taught at the end of each week.
A greatly structured course. Really clear and engaging content. The course is really fun, highly engaging, and one can learn the excel skills in an easy, effective, and efficient way.
I really learned a lot!.  I was always thinking that I´m bad for online course; but with this course, in particular, I felt really good. Because of the methodology. Thank you so much!
This course on Excel is an excellent learning for me, it will definitely help me in day to day use of huge amount of data in excel to improve productivity and save time for analysis.
Wow!!! what an amazing course, I really learned a lot about excel through this course, the instructors are great and I am certainly looking forward to start their next excel course.
WOW what I didn't know from learning on my own sooooo many years ago, and what has changed or been added just blew me away.  I am very happy with the format of the learning as well.
If any one wants to handle huge sets of data and want to analyze in form of charts and pie graphs.....then, this intermediate course will help u a lot. THANK U MACQUARIE UNIVERSITY
This Course is amazing, i find this unbelievably useful, I usually solving excel problem through search engine and I can't believe I have found 70% of my answer here in this course
An Excellent course to improve you Excel skills. Weekly practice challenge and practice sheets for ever lecture will truly enhance you ability to master this powerful application.
The intermediate course is done as well as the basic course though I would caution that until you use these applications frequently, you will likely need to refer to past content.
This course really surprised me. I learned how to convert "At a Glance No clue" data to a "Eye Appealing Summarized" data using Pivot tables and charts. Amazing. Just amazing. :D
than you very much for all the teacher. this is the best excel course. I have learned a lot from this course, I strongly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn excel.
The Second specialization was amazing!It gave me deep knowledge about tools that have super potential and are time saving. I will absolutely continue to the third specialization.
Really clear instructions, useful videos, practice challenges and quizes to test what you learned. Clear explanations by the nice professors as well. This course helped me a lot!
This is my first course on coursera which I passed with much happily. I strongly recommend others to join this course and make excel more easy and more useful and save much time.
Course materials are really helpful and presentation is just amazing. Anyone can easily catch and follow the lectures. This specialization is the best one I'm doing on Coursera.
Great course and very easy to follow. It would be good that they do a small recap of everything before doing the final test but still very happy to have enrolled in this course.
This has really been a course worth studying. I have learnt quite a multitude of tricks for analyzing and visualising data. Thanks, Coursera, and thanks, MacQuarrie University.
Excellent course, the teacher's explanation is professional, concrete, and they show you step by step, I really recommend this course, you will learn a lot of tools and skills.
I really enjoy this course. Thanks for everyone worked on the course. some topics are new and very important for me such as R-squared. I will continue and take the next course.
I am really  grateful that I access this wonderful course with full of wonderful instructors who frequently motivate me and encourage me.Now time to pass the Intermediate 2 :D
Understandable lectures and awesome practices and quizzes!One thing I found it frustrated was the language structure it uses for the quizzzz that make me confused all the time
Great course.  I thought I knew excel very well.  I was taking this as a review and learned more than I thought I would.  I'm going to finish this series of courses this year.
I enjoyed so much this course, I learned a lot of new things in Excel, I am amazed on how much I can do now.  Excellent course, the pace is great and the facilitators amazing.
this course helped me to an ample extent learning different tools, enhanced my skills and made me able to leverage, organize and format data playing with enormous bomb tools.
So much amazing content! Really liked the sections on named ranges and Pivot Tables. Really learned a lot that I see myself using in my work. Thank you so much Coursera!!  :)
After this course I fall in love with Excel, it really helped at my daily work-life. Thanks for making this cool course. And of course I have a plan to apply for extension (:
I really learn a lot from the course.  I'm used to proud that I know a lot about Excel, but not after the course. Looking forward to learn more in forthcoming Excel courses
All The Teachers (Instructors) Hearty Thanks For Teaching In a  Simple way.All the Instructors are sound And again Thanks Prashant, Nicky, Yvonne for this wonderful course.
A tough but extremely rewarding course. I will highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to become a power user of excel. keep up the good work Macquire University.
Really enjoyed the tables, pivot, and pivot chart exercises! Thanks so much to the teacher team, you're doing a fantastic job! I am looking forward to the other classes :)
I entered this course because I felt I needed it to perform better at my job. I definitely feel like I have learned a lot and wish to implement this in my daily work life.
Entretenido y eficiente, aprendí mucho y practiqué, que es lo más importante.Entertaining and efficient, I learned a lot and practiced, which is the most important thing.
Excelente curso!!! Realmente aprendí mucho, Nicky and Prashan son los mejores!! Gracias!Excellent course!! I've learnt a lot. Nicky and Prashan are the best!! Thank you!!
Excellent course......this course is well designed. It has lot of practice exercise, quizzes that make my concepts permanent. Last but not least teachers are just wow....
I really enjoyed it and learned a lot from this. Thanks a lot to the instructors and to coursera as well. The instructor were really understanding. Keep up the good job.
This has been excellent journey from the Essentials course to the Intermediate I course. I got to learn about the magic of Excel, the course has been framed wonderfully.
I find this course exceptionally helpful in everyday excel usage in office and in personal matters. It has allowed me to explore the unknown areas of excel without fear!
This course was made really easy to understand. The videos and practices are in bite-size amount. I finished it during my maternity leave! Planning to continue further.
This course is outstanding. Teachers explain every single topic in a very nice way, so everybody can understand what they want to teach. I highly recommend this course.
Very beautifully designed and very well instructed. Learned key concepts like Slicers, Pivot Tbales, Tables, Consolidation, Sparklines, Usage of Formulas and much more.
This was a wonderful course. It doesn't only teaches how to use tools, but also makes us capable of knowing whet to use on our own. Impressed by the pedagogy. Thanks !!
Excellent course.  This builds on the Essentials and introduces a great variety of new tools and methods.  I feel much more confident in Excel and can work much faster.
Excellent course!  Easy to follow and understanding.  Much quicker in learning the highlighted Excel skills for business than self-learning from reading books on Excel!
A very useful and well designed course. I'm glad that I've learnt so much through this course which I never got to know. And now things got too easy for me. Thank you.
Informative and it covers some areas which really helps when consolidating large value of data. This course has really help me to enhance my knowledge in using Excel.
The best excel course on Coursera! You will learn the functionalities you should have learned long ago! Moreover, it gives you total control while working with excel!
Excellent course that provided the basics of Microsoft Excel.  Structured well to allow for flexible schedules.  Would recommend, especially for Week 6 (Pivot Tables)
I learned a lot in this course, it was really challenging, and fun, I was able to use a lot of excel tools i didn't knew, I hope that I can keep learning a lot more.
Great course with a detailed explaination.According to me, the best part of the course was the pace at which the discussions and teachings took place. Perfect course
This course was challenging but thoroughly enjoyed the way the course is taught and assessed. A really good course for anyone wanting to learn to apply for business.
This is a must for anyone who wants to know Excel properly without using shortcuts in learning curve. The best things are the practice exercises and the assignments.
Brilliant course. Engaging, interesting and informative. Currently completing the Int II course with a view to completing the Advanced. Highly recommend the series.
I absolutely loved it! The videos are to the point, instructions are clear and challenges let you tackle what you learned. Perfect way to improve your Excel skills.
Valuable course. The practice files, and assessment were challenging and interesting. Highly recommended for those who wants to thrive through excel package skills.
The team do a great job of explaining the content while making it fun. Hopefully all the practice examples will help me retain what I've learnt. Everyone say "Wow!"
There was an excellent build-up in difficulty in the course.  The course taught many essential business skills that I applied immediately in the workplace.  Thanks!
WONDERFULL.... IT SERVES TO ME TO LEAR THINGS THAT I DIDN´T NOW YET AND UNDERSTAND ANOTHER ONES THAT I JUST HAVE USED BUT I WAS NOT SURE ABOUT THEIR CORRECT USEFUL
This course was really helpful. Learned lots of new features provided by Excel and amazing instructors. Looking forward to enroll in other course through coursera.
Excellent Course with amazing practice challenges. I found practice challenges to be the best and it improved the efficiency as well as made the concepts stronger.
thanks for your efforts to educate and learning us such professional ways and methods in Excel, this is helped me a lot in my job and value-added me a lot. thanks
Great explanations, great instructors, lots of excercises and examples! It's not only a good material but also entretaining.Really usefull stuff! Congratulations!
It has helped me to improvise my skills to work faster in Excel with large data sets and to generate multiple analyses required in the office for decision making.
This course was very useful to learn about some amazing features of excel which will definitely help me in my professional career. Thank you Macquarie University.
Excellent! Learned a lot! Very interactive! Superb way to make us to learn! Thank you so much to all the teachers! By the way, would like to thank Uma and Sean!!!
Very well planned course and the tools explained with real examples will definitely come very handy in business environment. Thank You to all course instructors!
Wonderful course with a great amount of practical learning. Ninja tips are super helpful. Instructors have designed the course very clearly helping the learners.
it was a perfect sets of skills learnt. it a must learn sets of skills. the instructors were awesome and all their teachings and instructions were crystal clear.
Well-explained videos with ample examples, practice challenges/quizzes and assessment to strengthen your understanding. It's a very helpful course for your job.
This is a very useful course. It's an essential for every students regardless of their field of study. For Finance and Accounting Majors, this course is a must!
There are always things to learn, and I sure didn't know a lot of things that existed in Excel before this! Brilliant teaching, brilliant quizzes, thanks a lot!
Very good approach to deliver information. Many interesting and useful features were covered that might be really implemented into the real working environment.
A very good course, learned multiple things. One thing I really like about the pedagogy is the categorical way of explaining things and moving forward steadily!
Digging a little deeper than the introductory course. Interesting tips and tricks. Shout out to the formidable video's and crystal clear lectures by the tutors.
Good teaching.All the task and quizzes is good for learning..Best course in coursera for learning excel...This course is my first enrolled course in coursera..
It a great course. Everything is taught so well and even the practice exercises are designed too perfect. Practice really made this concepts of mine perfect :)
it was very extensive and informative course, I feel like the use of name ranges, tables and pivot tables and charts is a very efficient way to work with data.
It's  an amazing  experience  while learning each and every stage of excel and now i am feeling that i am efficient to do the work with excel skills. Thank you
This course taught me a lot of intermediate skills that are very useful and that I did not know about. It will make working in excel and with data much easier.
Very good course. It too more time than expected. Came to know about a lot of Excel lingo, about the excel features that i have been using without knowing it.
This course is very helpful, and it has clear videos for each material for each weeks. The practices and assessment are also very helpful, thank you Macquire!
As for the Essentials course it is surprising the way you are smoothly lead through Excel's cornerstones! And now I do feel able to master these new tools! :)
Very good course again and leads on well from the essentials. Great teaching and resources available and the practice challenges really enforce your learning.
This course is so good that it will definitely gonna help anyone who use excel in their life. This course will increase your efficiency by almost 70 percent.
A very good course which have exposed the learner to the other useful tools of Excel which can bring a lot of convenient to learners especially in workplace.
This course really is built on the fundamentals of using Excel and propelled me to attain skills with working with various data sets and workbooks. thank you
It was a great experience. :)  videos are well designed and easy to understand . this course really amaze me and made me curious to learn more about Excel .
My mind was blown. Even though this is still Intermediate Course I for Excel, I can already envision how powerful it could be especially for Data Analysts.
Excellent course .... liked the concept of step by step explanation of the excel functions....The practice sheets help to understand and apply the learning
This is a very good, useful and interesting course. I will surely use all of the skills learned in these two courses in my daily work.  Highly recommended!
I have used the teaching in my workplace, but some tips and shortcut would help me and helped to some extent to be more productive and do work in less TAT.
It was an amazing course to learn. The professors are great in teaching important concepts in simple ways. The practice challenges are awesome to work with
Really useful to brush up or else fill the leaks in the Excel know-how. Highly recommended for managers because it addresses exactly the tools you'll need.
this course helped me improve my skills. It was between hard and easy yet it touched on very important topics one might encounter in Business environment.
Great course ! The course content is very easy to follow. I have learnt a lot by following the videos and practicing with assessments provided. Thank you.
This is my 2nd excel course with Coursera. The learning experience has been fantastic so far!Thanks a lot...it did help me a lot in my daily use of excel.
an extraordinary course that changed my views on excel dramatically and make me realize the importance of obtaining excel skills to help build your career
I really enjoyed this course. If you have basic skills, or even more advanced skills, you may learn several new process that will improve your reporting.
Great Course! This Specialization by Macquarie University is one of the most solid and well-designed programs in all of Coursera.  I really recommend it.
Videos are well explained, short and concise, but super useful as well. The teacher are also super prepared and pleasant to listen to during the lessons.
The teaching technique is amazing! I am able to learn so much in such a short time! The trainers are great, the software features are great! Thanks a lot
This course was very helpful to learn about the functions which I did not know about, such as 3D function. I plan to take Intermediate II course as well!
Fabulous and very engaging course. Designed in a quiet structured way with lots of practise sessions and interesting quizzes at the end of each session.
I consider myself an intermediate excel handler and I Think this is great as it adds tidbits and good examples at a format that I am not overwhelmed by!
Second course of this specialization and it was amazing 3D formulas, consolidation, named ranges to pivot tables everything was covered in this course.
An excellent Course with real life scenarios on applicability of the course content. One can never go wrong with using excel when they have learnt this
The best ever-learning experience, the way they explained and get practice done is just awesome. Learning with Nicky and Prashant is really memorable.
The course was super easy to understand and I am super satisfied with the results. It was lots of fun to learn along with you guys. Thank you so much!
Really amazing course , helped me alot in learning basics and would highly recommend to anyone out there who is searching for a good course for excel.
wow, this course give me more help in my study. i am very impressed from the course content, lectures, lecturers that teach the course in a great way
Excellent course and would like to learn Advance Course. Only the tutor for the 5th Lesson is weak, otherwise, perfect teaching and practice lessons.
Very helpful course. It's helpful when I can follow the instructions while watching the videos to get hands-on practice. The challenge practice serve
I have learnt Excel skills for business on this course, I really enjoy it and the professors they are very patient and methodical, full of charisma!
Course structured in bite sized pieces. Challenging, but doable with some effort. Time well spent to enhance my job skills and to share with others.
If you want to learn excel properly you should complete this course under Macquarie University. It is really amazing course. Thanks for everything .
It was a great course with amazing content and nice practice sessions. I would continue to learn with MACQUARIE University courses through Coursera.
The course really helped me add value to my excel skills. The practice quizzes and challenges are a wonderful tool to strengthen the video learning.
I learn because teaching is unbelievably clear, easy to follow and understand.  All the shortcuts I have been missing in my Excel life.  Thank you!
It is a good course for windows operators especially.They teach each concept slowly and in great depth,plus the practice questions are pretty cool.
Awesome and informative course that had me excited for each new week.Definitely recommended!Moving on to Intermediate II now and I just can't wait!
helped me understand comprehensively about the excel skills.. especially the lesson about pivot table was extremely well established and excellent
Had an amazing learning experience, thank you so much!! Looking forward to completing the rest two courses in this series. Thank you once again :)
Great course for basic understanding and learning of excel to use in managing and working on a large data and creating meaningful reports from it.
Nice course, awesome instructors. I especially liked the videos and practical tasks. Hope you will do the same for PowerPoint program. Thank you!
the course is so perfect my suggestion is to add new ones which are useful to trading like GRABBING DATA FROM THE WEBSITE and  RESEARCH on STOCKS
This was an excellent course.  I did learn a lot.  I will be referencing the materials, until I commit everything to memory.  Practice makes perm
Excellent Class. I learned a great number of things in this class. I can't wait until the next class. I am enjoying them and learning new things.
This course added some really great features to my skill set, most of which I haven't even heard of before. Can't wait to start Intermediate II.
Extremely useful course that helps getting an understanding of Pivot Tables, advanced charting and so on. Lots of useful material to study from!
Very Organized. Great Learning Experience. The evaluation and test questions were brilliant for practicing. For sure, practice makes permanent.
Really well taught, very manageable pace, and very good way of frequent testing and practice. Excellent course, as is the whole specialisation.
I have never had such a brilliant experience in leraning. Thank you Prashant and Niki. It is pressure to learn with you.Practise Make Permanent
Thanks Team Coursera, I loved doing the Excel Skills for Business Intermediate course. Liked the explanations , videos and practice worksheets.
I loved the videos and practice items.  I felt challenged but was able to work through issues. Very useful skills have been learned that will h
I advise anyone who wants to learn Excel to get this course after Essentials course, it has also been useful for me, thanks to all instructors.
It was a nice journey with this course and with the instructors.Videos ,materials and tests quiz were so orderly and effective to learn excel.
It downloads the methods into your brain, and it has a very fair amount of contents, very organised and well taught. Thank you for the effort.
Superb course, insightful content. Though I am well versed with Excel and have been using it for quite a long time, I still found this useful.
1.Practice Assignments should be more.2.There should be an option to learn from your wrong answers (not correct) after submission in the Quiz.
Great course with bite size, easy to follow videos and practical tasks. I'm planning to enroll for another course within this specialization.
I love the way this course is being taught. I'm grateful to the faculty members and the entire team for all the hard work behind this course!
Fantastic Course. No boring stuff. Every video is short and crisp. Tests are too good. Every test was quite engaging and covered all aspects.
Those who are looking for ways to forecasting trends, analyzing data sets and building killer interactive dashboards, this course is for you!
Enjoyed the class.  The topics were challenging and I learned a lot.  Would be nice to have more practice material like the weekly Challenge.
good course. I liked it and i do appreciate efforts of teachers and their knowledge.I would recommend i to everyone. Thank you for your work
It was an amazing course! Must do for learners to explore Excel a lot more! Really learned a lot and Mentors explained everything perfectly!
Great Course to brush up your Excel skills or to learn important business-essential functions like 3D Formulas, Pivot Tables, Consolidation.
It is my first time participating in such great online course. I improved my in excel skills. I hope everyone can experience the same as me.
Easily the most effectively constructed Coursera course I've taken - well-paced, professional... these are pros at online learning for sure.
I learnt a huge amount of extremely useful tools and they were taught in short videos making it easier to understand and go back to review.
An excellent course, every course is detailed and clearly. The final exam is a little bit tricky. Overall, learned a lot of useful skills.
That was the perfect course to cover more advanced subjects regarding Data Analysing. Very explanatory and useful to get practical skills!
The wholesome package of theory and practice of every concept is best covered in this course. I really had an awesome learning experience.
An amazing course. Extremely grateful to the instructors. The workbooks helped a lot. Eagerly looking forward to complete the next course.
An extremely helpful and fun to study course! I have improved my analysis plus data reporting skills effectively after taking this course.
This has become my favorite course so far! I feel more confident about working with all these Excel features and be in advantage at work.
It is a great course that takes you step by step in everything, it is not complicated and the practice videos are very clear and helpful.
Great course to learn Excel from basic to advanced! Has step by step tutorials and great exercises to improve our excel knowledge. 5/5 :)
This course was very informative and very easy to follow along with. I look forward to taking and completing other courses in the series.
This course adds a lot to my ability to get the best of using Excel, especially in tables and pivot tables.It is a remarkable experience.
Some problems with files. For example, the date (as a filter) was not changed, and it took some time to understand, which data they used.
The course is quite detailed and the contents are designed well for anyone who is new to Excel. A wonderful job done by the instructors.
Well organized course and appreciated effort. you will learn a lot of excel technique even if you are knowledgeable about the materials.
This was one of the great experience taking excel online classes. The material is adequate and relevant. I Highly recommend this course.
The course is truly amazing. Everything was very neatly organized and well documented. The explanation is well mannered. Really enjoyed.
Great course. Great Instructors. Most importantly perfect example and assignments. Kudos to all involved and to the Professor especially
This was a great learning experience. I am confident that i can use the things i have learnt to make my job less stressful and more fun!
Thank you for informational and interesting course, that wide excel horizons and boosting new skills . For sure will follow second part.
extremely helpful course for both new comers and masters as there are few tools or techniques which are overlooked even by professionals
This course was extremely informational and well-designed, effectively guiding learners regarding the various functionalities of Excel.
Highly informational. Very detailed and properly structured instructions to help you learn features of excel that one finds complicated
Great course!!! Congratulations guys! I have learned things I didn't know they existed in MS Excel. Looking forward to the next course!
Was a bit daunting. But  so long you're following the videos and you're trying out the exercises,  you're certainly on a good footing.
Amazing course! Learnt lot of new features like pivot tables and slicers. Quizzes designed were challenging yet very helpful! Thanks!
I learned a lot of new and useful tricks in this course. This course definitely helped me become more efficient with Microsoft Excel.
Well Done!! Fantastic opportunity to consolidate and learn more and well done to Prashan and Nicky. Looking forward to the next level
Excellent course. The instructors explain the important points of excel to improve the way we work on excel with ease and in details.
In my opinion this is the best course; named ranges, tables and pivot tables are my favorites, and their use and flexibility is wide.
Quite informative and enjoyed a lot, and after going through so many quizzes, one will have a definite idea about the excel overall.
It's really an excellent course. I have learned a lot of new things. I wish I can use this skills in my professional life in future.
Great course! It may not be very elaborated on some of the functions but once you play around with excel, you will get a hang of it.
Great course, very thorough explanations, examples and assessments. I feel I have really learned very usefull Excel funcionalities.
Structured very cohesively and easy to digest! Challenges are engaging and everything played out perfectly. Great course, good job!
Absolutely helpful to learn about managing data in Excel, utilizing named ranges, tables, pivot tables and advanced charting skills
i was able to use and explore excel as never before i am thankful to the team and mentors for providing such a wonderful experience
It's awesome to have a deep dive in Excel functionality. Thanks so much for the great content and well designed intermediate track.
Excellent course for beginners and advance learners as well. Ultimate clarity in teaching and relevant subject matters for everyone
Excel Skills for Business: Intermediate I, gave me opportunity not only to improve my Excel skills, but to improve my english too.
This course is a must for everyone, who frequently works on Excel, sufficient practice material helped me in excelling this course
Exceptionally well done.  The videos were extremely helpful and informative, and the content was first rate.  Thank you Macquarie!
Excellent course, great videos, very easy to understand and the practices, challenges and assessments are simple yet challenging.
Thanks Coursera family and MACQUARIE University. It is very informative course and it helped me a lot to improve my excel skills.
You can become an expert in excel after following this specialization course. Instructors guided you step by step in this course.
Everything made and taught with proper structure, it made things absolutely clear. Loved the communication of the tutor, perfect.
excellent instructors and the learning videos are easy to follow except for some worksheets that can't be opened when downloaded
This was the most detailed and understandable excel course with numerous quizzes making students mastering al functions of excel
The course was good. Videos and reading items were perfect. Although I found the quizzes a bit challenging. But it was worth it.
Thank You for collating such an informative course. I had a great time learning about the multifaceted use of Excel in Business.
Awesome. I would like to have more courses on other sectors such like AutoCad, Revit, Animation, photoshop etc like this course.
Very good explanations, content, exercices, quizzes, etc. Simply perfect for someone who wants to improve their excel abilities.
I loved the course. i learned a lot form it and many techniques that i found very useful. i am very excited for the next level!
A little more information is needed In the consolidate part of week one. Rest all is very good. Had fun with Prashan and Nicky.
Well Made.If Possible Solutions Given for Assesment to Check few Mistakes Done after Once Someone is Qualified for Certificate.
Very please with the progress of this course. The course has motivated me ti spend more time with MS Excel to improve mu skills
I learned so much in this course. While it was much more difficult than the Essentials course, I took my time and learned a lot
As a long time excel user (of older versions) I found the use of pivot tables and other information in this course most useful
I got the best teachers'. Although my grades are a little bit of low, I learned everything taught in the course. Thanks a lot.
Very well explained. Excellent grounding. Good pacing. Very few incomprehensions. Minor issues due to difference to Mac Excel.
Great Course! Thank You teachers & coursera for providing me this opportunity to learn excel with an altogether new dimension.
Thanks for such a wonderful experience, Wish my tutors all the best)), I had a great time and can`t wait for the next courses
This is exactly how any course should be taught. With perfect teaching styles, great testing methods and wonderful structure.
My confidence levels have further boosted up. Thank you Coursera. Looking forward to learning the next level, Intermediate-2.
As clear, entertaining and engaging as the Excel Essentials course! Definitely will continue learning! Kudos to the teachers!
I really liked the course. It helped me to improve and get news skills in spreadsheets. The way they teach is clear and easy.
Precise and easy paced lectures, wonderful course to refresh your basics and learn a few advanced concepts at the same time.
Such a Great Course. Good flow of material with a great testing technique but always showing a lot of thing is yet to learn.
Amazingly paced and explained in detail course. Very easy to follow quizzes and very helpful and full of learning experience
Taking this course is one of my best 2020 decisions so far. i am really glad i enrolled and committed to finish the course.
Videos were up to the mark. But just maybe some extra effort on various functions could've made them better. Kudos Anyways!
The course was challenging and the solutions for exercises are important. The quizzes are also helpful. Sincerely Engdaw A.
Quite a good course. Already knew a few stuff but got a bit more knowledge from the videos. Appreciate the learningsThanks!
This course is designed thoroughly so one chapter connects to the previous. It provides the learners with useful practices.
I never knew you could do this much with Excel. This course was very instructive and helpful. I had a great time learning!
Perfect, the goal of this course is to learn, and the goal is complete. Now I just want to do the Intermediate II course !
Great introduction to less known tricks in excel like: Pivot tables, trendlines, sparklines, 3D formulas and named ranges.
Well! Its great although I've been working on Excel since long but it show me how to further use it smartly. Thanks a lot.
All topics chosen, are relevant to practical work situations. All explanations clear, all practice materials very useful.
There were many functions of excel I was unaware of. Thanks you this course I feel more confident while working on excel.
I am so pleased with the course, I have learned so much in this course and can't wait to start the next level. Thank you!
It is an amazing course. The instructors and the way of teaching is absolutely amazing! Quite helpful in day to day life!
Excellent step by step learning through out the course. It's seems very easy but while doing practice it's tricky. Thanks
I liked it very much. I never imagined that my excel skills will be sharpened this much!!! Looking forward to learn more.
The pace of this class is great and it builds from video to video to easily take on pivot tables, database work and more.
I like how these courses are made. It teaches me a lot of new features, so I am looking forward to taking another course.
Much like Essentials, I learned a lot in this course and cannot wait to progress through to Intermediate II and Advanced.
If you follow all the quiz and practice. You will learn Excel as I did. Practice makes permanent. I will keep practicing.
Quite nicely distributed with ample practice for each concept , really a must if you want to get versed with excel skills
One of the best course, Every excel user must know the basic fundamentals of excel, which is beautifully explained by you
This course is amazing!!! Everything is clear and understandable. Teachers are the best! I loved it! Thank you very much!
A well packaged course with lots of interesting hands-on practice exercises that will push the knowledge down your brain.
Good dynamics throughout the course. Experienced lecturers,  and quality support material. Really useful.  Recommend it.
That was the best course which I have ever attended in Coursera! I learnt here many useful formulas,functions and tools.
Best everything starting from the introduction to the end of the last quiz.I enjoy a lot. Thanks for such a good course.
Terrific. The course was well structured. The instructors were great. Thank you Macquire University. Thank you Coursera.
This course really improved my basic skills and taught me a lot of useful functions that I would have otherwise avoided.
There is a comprehensive discussion on various aspects of Pivot Tables and this is the reason I loved doing this course.
Gave me a new foundation. One of the best course available on Coursera. Every data science aspirant must do this series!
Many thanks for giving us that opportunity to learn excel,this will presented content.many thanks for lovely instructors
This course really help me to increase my ability at excel and to decrease the time I had used to work at my worksheets!
this excel intermediate course is best for students who want growth in their career in the future and for business jobs.
A must-have / must-know for every accountant to be able to harness the power of information we have at our fingertips =)
This course was intense and very detailed. Definitely learnt a lot more than I knew and will be applying it to my work.
It is so important skills for me which i learned in this course. Thank a lot , who has effort for creating this course
I feel this course has helped create a solid foundation in Excel for me.  I look forward to the Intermediate-2 course.
Great mix of useful features. Gives a good idea of the capabilities of Excel. Motivates to move on to the next course.
Learning Excel from this Platform has help me improved myself and have also been of advantage to me at the workplace.
What an amazing course! Every concept is explained very well and all the quizzes and practice exercises are worth it.
The course is really awesome. It gave the knowledge of features in a very simple way. Practice Quizs are  great help.
This course is excellent. I learned a lot of things from this course. Hope to learn more in the next upcoming course.
Excellent MOOC, very well built with a step-by-step approach, useful practice challenges and smart final assessments.
It's been an interesting and challenging journey so far!... It's a great deal of joy to have learned from the tutors
This excel course is really useful. after I complete and learn it, it can help me to save the times on doing report.
An exceptional course for learning excel. I recommend to use excel essential course first and then take up this one.
It has increase my efficiency a lot, Now I can work with large data sets and create summaries quickly and correctly
Very professionally designed course! Congratulations for this great job. and thanks for such an amazing experience!
Yet another excellent course. I'm onto the next course in the Excel specialization and hope to get the same result.
Great learning and practice material. Also the teaching methodology was great, making the concepts easy to swallow.
I very much enjoyed the interactivity of the course.  Thank you for providing this excellent, professional program!
Excellent course! Many thanks for everyone worked hard to make this knowledge available for us. Deepest gratitude!
Nice one for beginners as well as those who have little bit experience in excel, covers excel features very nicely
Simply great !Thank you Prashan,Nicky and Team Macquarie University for such a fabulous teaching! Regards,Rajendra
Such a great class, really well organized and explained very easily. Finally, people to actually learn excel from!
I enjoyed the lessons and the exercises were engaging - the challenge level is just enough to keep me coming back.
Very Very useful !!!...Thanks to all who have designed the course. The presentation was simple but very effective.
A great course indeed! It explains a lot, and excel learners will have a great start with intermediate functions.
Excellent Course done. Excellent people have made my skills better. Thank You to everyone who made this possible.
Very easy to understand and useful to apply in daily work, highly recommend it to everyone from different levels.
I highly recommend this course. Excellent presentation of the material, many practical tasks and relevant topics.
An amazing course providing insights about excel features thoroughly. Would like to continue for the next level.
this course is very helpful in terms of excel skills. I like the toolbox part of this course. It helps me a lot.
Very well explained in every video. The practice session made it much better to understand how it is to be done.
The material is presented in easy to digest videos and the practice workbooks are awesome. 10/10 would recommend
Very well structured, it creates interest to complete the course with learning new things with each level/topic.
A well-organized course with real-world practice tasks. Enjoyed it very much and learned a lot at the same time.
I am loving the Excel course, I have learned several useful and important functions. Thank you to all teachers!
I am as impressed as the first time. Very thourough explanations and easy to understand. Helpful forum as well.
I did learnt something that help me work faster in my workplace. I'm really impress that the powerful of excel.
Nice course, I would like to thanks to Macquarie University because your course make me know the powerful excel
Highly educational & fun! Will use the skills I learned in practice during my work. Would definitely recommend.
It was an enlightening experience, I never knew excel was this powerful..Amazing teachers @Mcquaire university.
Excellent course, nicely paced, and some key concepts made so simple to understand. many thanks to the faculty!
I love the teachers' way of explaining. Very calmly, to give us time to understand everything. I learned a lot.
Absolutely amazing, very well planned. Just loved working on this and will look to complete Intermediate II now
The instructions are well laid out, the course is great to follow along and builds very well through the course
A really good course that gives you good explanation and step by step guide and practice for each topic learnt.
Very cool this course! I had the opportunity to learn a lot about excel! Looking forward for the next courses!
Best Excel program ever, congratulations for all the team. Prashan and Nikki feels like family now. Greetings.
Very impressed with this course! I have learned a lot of new excel functionalities that I wasn't aware before!
The instruction videos are clear and easy to follow. It'd be better if there were more exercises to practice.
Thanks to instructors helping me for completion of this course and thanks to coursera for providing platform.
Information in this course are represented perfectly, I loved everything in this course. Thank you very much.
Great training classes to learn the functionality in Excel that is rarely used, but helpful for productivity.
This is an excellent class! It takes you beyond the basics so you can master EXCEL and functions.  Well done!
It was an excellent course. I explored a lot of new things regarding Excel that are actually quite effective
This is very good and easy course.The instructors are awesome. They made the course very easy to understand.
An extremely well articulated course, replete with relevant examples, case studies, and stimulating quizzes!
Very informative..worth my time..recommend to all, nice instructor and structured course material..thank you
The course is designed in a very practical way and the assignments help a lot. Thank you for the whole team.
Extraordinary and mind blowing teaching styles. Loved the course instructors way of talking and everything.
You guys are the very best!!!! I've learned sooo much and I'm really thinking myself as a ture excel expert
I totally loved the second course. I'm definitely going for the third! Thank you, Nicky, Prashan and Yvonne
Excellent course. Absolutely recommend it to anyone who likes to improve their Excel skills and learn more!
Amazing course. Motivating, good foundations and relevant to real business practice. Keep on the good work!
Great explanations. Makes everything very easy to understand. And very well tailored to a business setting.
The best course, I recommend is very helpful and dynamic, It have a lot of exercise that help you practice
it is informative, easy to get the point and get practical examples which are  really good to sharp skills
One can easily learn even if he/she does not want to. the module they designed was fabulous. thanks a lot.
Great course. It was very well structured and covered all relevant aspects of Excel in a business context.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course, instructions were very clear. Practice modules were also very interesting
Amazing course. Difficulty well adjusted and pace evenly distributed along the videos. Highly recommended.
Wonderfully designed course.Helped me learn a few new excel commands and shortcuts and help me master them
it was a great experience N the facilitators were above normal absolutely fantastic and interesting course
The practice sessions and quiz assessments are well designed which can help to retain the concepts longer!
Excellent course I have struggled for years to understand Pivot Tables and now I do Great work thanks guys
I learned a lot, excellent course. Very practical and well organized with lots of practice opportunities.
Again a extremely useful and well-structured course, more challenging final assessment than the Course I.
Amazing course, objective evaluations that keep your mind on the topics and make sure you get the skills.
This is an great course. I have learned a lot and I strongly recomend this course to learn usefull tricks
Amazingly awesome. 10/10 for all the following : Teaching, Tips, Content, Knowledge, Simplicity, Ease,Etc
Excellent course, great for building much more skills of Excel and great professors. Completely loved it!
Decent stuff. I learned a lot from this course. Recommended to anyone who seeks to improve excel skills.
Pretty awesome course! Prasham and Nicky and very informative and I definitely learned a few new things!
very effective course and has detailed learning process with excellent examples and real case scenarios.
Good practice a little bit to short videos a lot of clicks to go to the next mini course but great ones!
I like the course very much.It has improved my skills and I can now use Microsoft Excel more efficiently
Excellent Course. It explains many features of Excel in simple way which can be used in day to day work.
Excellent course!! I thought I knew how to use excel, but there are a lot of good things to learn here!
The course is greatly organized! Though there are some small very few errors in the working excel files
Easy to follow and the quizzes are equal part challenging as enriching! The instructors are really good
I find this is very good be it the lectures and person who does the talking. Thanks, Prashan and Nicky.
I just love this course. So beautifully designed. One thing I've learned is that I need more revisions.
This is the best of all materials one can find on net for excel.Thank you team Excel...prashan & nikky.
Excellent course. Well organized content. Very helpful for every individual and increases productivity.
This is a very complete and useful course, I learn so much things that I didn't have idea about Excel.
Excellent Course! So much things to learn here. I am doing the full specialization program. Thank you!
Best course ever for Excel. Looking forward for completing the full series of course. Great work Team.
Hands down the best instructors. And the way the course is structured is, superb. I liked this course.
Truly awesome course , through this course I have  learnt some powerful tools to tackle big datasheets
Should have more practice materials though what provided is enough and course is great value for money
Two Excel Courses are down and two more to go. I couldn't be more happier. The experience was awesome!
Excellent course! I should have done this course before. Pivot table are great tool for data analysis.
An enjoyable session with useful Excel tips. This course covers some of Excel's seldom used functions
Very helpful and thorough! I definitely feel more confident using excel after completing this course.
It's very important topics for data analyzing and clarify easy way that anyone can understand easily.
very nice course, if you are good in excel it will anyway help you understanding some extra features.
It has been challenging but in the wnd i learned skills i'm sure i will need in a working environment
Through this course I learnt various things that makes working on excel more efficient, easy and fun.
A great course which teaches which explores the excel in great detail. Thank you Prasanth and Nicky.
Excellent course! Amazing new features learned with a great guidance and a well-structured material!
The course content covered by the faculties are excellent and highly useful with practical guidance.
Lots of great info and very straightforward. I really appreciated and valued this course. Excellent.
The Course is full of potential, You will learn deep stuffs, I promise you. and Instructor is genius
In depth coverage of topics with wonderful practice assignments. A must to take course for everyone.
You use the best methods to teach Excel and make complex topics very easy to understand. Thank you!
One of the best professional and interactive learning of Excel. I can say Practice makes permanent.
Much interesting content to learn. Major highlights being the consolidate function and pivot charts
excellent terms are being taught. specially liked the lady taught. she is so specific while talking
Extremely well laid out course with very clear instructions on how to follow. Nobody can fail this.
thank you very much i am pleased to finish this course thanks for instructors, the were really good
Excellent way of teaching! The contents are also wide, so there are loads to learn from. Loved it.
Feels Great, The course has been set such that the process is very smooth and less time-consuming.
Rightly Said, Practice is Perfection. Thank You for helping me with such an experimental Learning.
Awesome experience and the motivation to practice really means a lot of care from the teachers end
The structure of the course is concise and organized to the point what is needed in Data analysis.
Quizzes and tests were a lot tougher this time around since is a lot more material to internalize.
It helped me navigate through the excel overlay to create an optimum workstation suitable for me.
This course is magically so easy to follow and 100000% helpful!! thank you for all the mentors...
Enjoyed the course very much. All the lectures were easy to comprehend. Thanks to the professors.
It was exciting and I will continue this journey thanks a lot to instructors especially Nikki mam
One of the Best Instructors out there in Coursera, Special Thanks to Prashant Sir and Nicky Ma'am
Excellent course, crystal clear lectures, need utter concentration to solve the test challenges..
Just as interesting, fun and clear as the first course. I really learnt a lot, thank you so much!
Very useful, table fn, Slicers, name ranges are the new topic I have come across in this course.
Excellent mind-blowing exercise, definitely need basic excel skills before pursuing this course.
Great course to further your excel skills, specially when you do not have formal excel training.
Great learning tool, would love to continue, just need a break & $$ before starting next course.
Excellent course! Did the first one and then this one. Going for the next one in the coming days
Thank you very much for this course. It helped me to sumarized my Excel knowledge and I love the
The courses are so well structured and the instructors are just amazing ! I loved this course!!!
Very useful to gain some excel skills. Teachers are great and everything is explained perfectly!
Thank you so much coursera. I hope you would offer more such helpful courses for free in future.
I like this course and I was looking for someone can teach the Excel with the best discription.
this course is very good and very useful for our office life and more easy to work in my office
This is the best course ever, a lot were taught. Keeping learners in mind and well explanatory.
fun and easy to learn at your own pace. Quizes, practice, assessments helped to ace the course.
The contents of the course and delivery methods' as well as course's medium are just top-notch.
I really liked the course and learned a lot from pivot tables, my main goal during this course
The course was explained very easily and the practice videos and toolboxes were really helpful
Thank You Coursera and Team!!!It is great to learn from Coursera!!!!..........................
it's really amazing great course with a lot of information, i am so happy to have it. and pass
Excellent course, getting so many practices and quizzes helps a lot to understand the concepts
A must of you want to master excel, learn to make sense of data and how to present your ideas.
Great course with a lot of practical examples. It is a good option to step up your Excel game.
The course Intermediate 1 offers an adequate practice to ensure modules taught are well learnt
Really interesting topic and learned so much new things in excel. Great work by Coursera team.
Awesome!!! So useful and interesting. I really loved it! Congratulations Maqcuarie University.
Really great new tools...Charts indised Pivot Tables, 3d Formulas... Really Managing Tables...
well-made video and clear explanation. Easy to follow step by step. would recommend to friends
Very good course. Although I had problems with English, the videos and examples helped a lot.
AWESOME - Learnt so many new techniques,shortcuts and what not...Its really wonderful course.
Loved this course!! Very engaging and lots of challenges. Overall, it was a great experience.
Practise as much as you can and the final quiz is challenging but definitely worth. Thank You
Excellent Course outline and material...Glad to have opportunity to learn from this platform.
good course for better understanding of the excel, especially about the table and pivot table
Thank you very much for all the knowledge transmitted. I learned a lot about Microsoft Excel.
It is really helpful course in excel. Thanks the great teachers from by Macquarie University.
Excellent course. Learnt a lot of new excel features and applying them in my day to day work.
One of the best well-thought, well-structured, and extremely useful courses I have ever done!
Thank you for the master explanations and interesting materials for practice - easy to learn
Great Course! I've learned a lot of things here and It made my work easy.Thank You Prashna.
Interesting, easy to learn and very effective. Practice the weekly problems they help a lot
Excellent course , easy simple, i work on excel daily and i was learned a lot of new things
My Excel skills have been reinforced dramatically after completing this part of the course.
it is an extremely comprehensible and well-explained course, outperformed my expectations.
Nicely explained all the concepts. A really helpful course. The instructors are very nice.
I learned practical skills from this course, and this part is really helpful in real work.
its amazing and interesting course. Really feel a good experience to do this course.Thanks
The course was easy to follow.  Much better than attempting to search for how-to's online.
It's very useful to learn through Coursera because of its convenience and clear structure.
Exceptionally easy to learn after the beginner course. Looking forward to Intermediate II
Learned a lot from this course.  Hatsoff to the instructors and the course building team.
Tricky course but it has provided alot of valuable knowledge on active dashboard creation
It's a very helpful course. The content is practical and the exercises are comprehensive.
Learnt a lot of new skills, can't wait to enroll in the next course of excel. Thank team.
Fantastic course and very good way.I like it very much and advice all people to affend it
This is amazing. I've learned a lot from this course. Thank you so much for the guidance
Excellent course. I've nearly completed Intermediate 2 and will go on to study Advanced.
Really good course to understand Excel. Especially the basics of Pivot tables and charts
It was very useful. I am feeling more comfortable and high in excel skills. Thanks a lot
Indeed this course helped me in my career , It also helped to analysis figures very fast
Very well designed course, one can easily mastered their excel skills, practice is must.
Very good course to learn much-needed skills like named ranges, tables and pivot tables.
Very informative and user-friendly. Good instructor and easy to understand instructions.
Love this course! I have learned so much! Never thought of doing so much using Excel! :)
Excel Intermediate is the very best coursee to filter, give a beautiful look your work.
Excellent Course with good hands on material...Completely worth your time and effort !!
excellent course it is to enhance someone's knowledge and efficiency as well. THANK YOU
Wonderful. The course syllabus is perfect and the teaching is amazing. 5/5 recommended.
another brilliant course. I highly recommend. Your skills in excel will vastly improve.
A very useful course with more advanced skills compared with last course. Recommend it!
Very Useful. Already more efficient at work. Can wait to finish the remaining 2 classes
Excellent course, the instructors are easy to follow along with and learn the material.
Very useful tools for improving the excel skills, doing activities faster than before.
Very helpful course on data management through worksheets, tables and summarizing data
Very helpful course, every teacher have a unique way to present the topic and solve it
Amazing course if you wanted to fine tune your skills and learn new ones within Excel.
A well designed course with a lot of hands on practices and tips. Absolutely loved it!
Enjoyed learning throughout this course. Teaching,exercises are great.I feel empowered
Excellent course. Got a very good idea about the tools which I was not familiar so far
One of the best courses i have ever taken on any site or university! fully recommended
Excellent! Help me to understand some functions and improve time to create my reports.
Learned so much! Thank you Coursera and Macquarie University for allowing me to learn!
Easy to follow course with plenty of practical examples to put learnings into practice
This course gave me a new vision an Excel, Im very happy for this new great overview.
I simply had fun while learning. I feel good that I learned something in the lockdown
Clear explanations, materials and very useful learnings to be applied from the day 1!
Very well explained and to the point content. Sufficient amount of practice material.
Thank you to all teacher and those who worked behind the scenes to build this course.
A total win, I would recommend this course to anyone willing to improve excel skills.
Very informative. I had no idea you could do so much with excel. Great for any level.
Nice and useful course. Made EXCEL use very simple by explaining very minute details.
Excellent. My thanks to the whole team who are behind running this wonderful course!
Well, Engaging Course... This course inspires me to study at Macquarie University...
IT was am wonderful experience and i have learned a lot from this course, thank you.
Excellent course, really learned a lot!  Awesome instructors and teaching materials.
Excellent course, i learned lots of stuff in a very easy, structured way. the instru
Solution should be shared after a passing grade is achieved in the final assessment.
Course materials are great and I just love the course instructors Prashan and Nicky.
Very clear explanations. It was good to have assessments at the end of each chapter.
I have learn lots of new things in excel. It's very beneficiary day to day activity.
Complete and really usefull! One of the best course I've ever followed with coursera
This course is a great opportunity to improve the analitycs and excel skills. Super!
Great course and instructors.  Thank you for offering it, I look forward to course 3
Well thought out course with excellent examples. Easy to follow. Highly recommended.
Very good. It explores most of the options in excel with excellent examples. Thanks
Great Course. Interesting & Informative. Will be using it a lot in my regular work.
Great fun, good pace easy to follow. If you have time you can finish it in 4 weeks.
It is really an incredible course, I have enjoyed it and learn a lot of new skills.
Great course! Looking forward to continuing with Excel for Business: Intermediate 2
I enjoyed the course and I am definitely proud of finishing it! On to the next one!
Nice course! I learn a lot from it, and i feel more confident about my routine work
Well taught and lots of practice to help you test and remember what you've learned.
The course is perfectly designed and specifically about the assignments and tasks.
Teachers are awesome and design and presentation of the course are second to none.
A very interesting course. I really like the way the teachers simplify the lessons
It'a a great choice to improve your excel habilities. Every lesson was very clear.
This course is made easy to follow. It is fun and fruitful. I highly recommend it.
Really awesome, interesting, useful and entertaining. Great job ! Best MOOC ever !
This course is very beneficial for those who need to advance their skills in Excel
Great course, the way they teach is easy to digest and very well structured. A++++
THANK YOU ALL, THIS COURSE HELP ME A LOT TO WORK WITH MY DAILY EXCEL DIFFICULTIES.
real useful tips and tricks for the workplace at a more advanced level than before
Well informative and well explained. I love this course. Now heading to next step
This course is beautiful, simple and efficient at teaching great MS Excel skills.
Very good skills i learned in this course, tables, pivot and segregating the data
A very good course - the best Excel course I've  ever had the privilege of taking
Great course for review and to learn new skills! Lots of helpful tips and tricks.
Love the curriculum, clear videos, and the many available practice opportunities.
I am exponentially more confident using excel now than before I took this course.
well organized with excellent challenge exercises just like the essentials course
It was a very good experince to learn such important things related to MS-Excel.
Great course. Each day I learn a lot of things and I´ve improve my excel skills.
One of the best course that I have encountered for learning more deep into Excel
Good Course, took me some time to finish it. but the effort was worth every day.
I love how the teachers explain the content of this course. Absolutely worth it!
Excellent Course with wonderful educators, thanks for this course really helpful
Respect is something that has to be earned . Huge respect for both sir and maam.
Awesome Course and lovely experience.Demo videos are excellent, short and sweet.
Except for week  5, the explanations were absolutly fantastic. Fit my needs 100%
The course was really helpful and it gave me good knowledge on charts and tables
this is the great structured videos and practice sheets to be learn excel easily
Excellent course with enough practice, challenges and videos on required skills.
This course is brillant. I cannot wait to learn more. 100% recommend this course
The course is excellent in that it gives you spreadsheet samples to practice on.
I feel like I have revealed a whole new world of excel, it's truly accomplished!
Nice course. I did learn a lot. Enjoy so much in the whole process^^. Thanks for
I am very happy to complete this course with the help  of our great instructors
Well prepared, I learnt a lot with this course! Looking forward to the next one
Great course to give you a basic understanding of some very useful Excel tools.
Excellent Practice Videos and good structure of the entire course. Very useful.
I learned so much here!! I like an Excel power user already, everybody say WOW!
Fantastic, even better than the essentials course that is also pretty amazing.
Fantastic module.MS EXCEL is a must for finance professionals. Great teaching.
Fluently guide us through the powerful tools of Excel. Really worth taking it.
It was fun to gain some extra knowledge, especially slices, the cherry on top.
Easy to understand and it is a very powerful skill to learn, highly recommend.
Highly recommended to any one who is wishing to improve productivity in office
Excellent course. Highly recommended to complete all courses in this package.
Thankyou for introducing me to a new dimension of Excel. It was very helpful.
Is really usefull, it explains everything really good, totally recommended it
Thanks for the help of Coursera and now I am more and more confident at Excel
Just an amazing course. Content was superb. Instructors were incredibly good.
Amazing. I have learnt a lot and this is a worthy course. On to the next one.
Truly an exceptional learning experience. Thank you so much for your efforts!
It was great to learn through this course..thanks very much..much appreciated
Loved the course. Very easy to follow, and challenging enough to spur growth.
Learned a lot of new tips and tricks that I had no idea I could do in Excel!
Very informative and easy to understand, the professors are doing a good job
Definitely an amazing course. Classes are detailed and simple to understand.
Excellent Course. A lot of learning and that too in a very structure manner.
Good content and I have learned a lot of new things.This learning was a fun.
Well Structured Course and the exercises help you practise the concepts too.
I learned so much from this course that's required for a job. Thank you guys
It was awesome course. All kind of use cases were explained in proper order.
Really valuable skills taught in this course. Can't wait to do the next one!
Very good course - I learned a lot which I will find useful in my daily work
Great course.Well Explained and exercises are practical to build the skills
Tough Assignments to check the knowledge , I Leaned a lot from this course.
I've learned so much from this excel course. Cant wait to progress further!
I feel like an Excel geek now. I learned so many cool uses of the software!
Really an important course which will help us to understand Excel in depth.
Amazing course, A must take for anyone looking to polish their excel skills
I obtained GREAT skills in Excel that are really valuable on different jobs
best specialization to learn excel from scratch, cant recommended it enough
Is one of my favorite courses, it´s easy to understand and I learned a lot.
I loved the course. I had considered myself intermediate until now. Thanks!
This is the best online training course I have ever done so far. Loved it.
Good explained and the assesments are clear and really sharpen your Excel.
Great Course!! Learnt some amazing conceptsThank you Macquarie University!
Learn More Things in Excel Skill. Thanks You Macquarie University and Team
Perfect! I really love the way they present the contents and the exercises
Great course  , practice challenges are crafted very well to learn maximum
Perfectly structured course to become a Professional in Excel. Thank you!!
I Loved this Course. Great new things that for sure will help me a looot!!
One of the Best course with proper explanation about formulas, functions.
Excellent course! I was able to guide myself through it with no problems.
The best excel intermediate course I. I enjoyed during course. Thank you!
Very precise and most required tools are explained, the best use of time.
Excellent course! Clear interpretation and easy to follow and understand.
Excellent Boss. It has really improved my skills regarding excel. Thanks!
Great Course! It really helped me to learn excel in a quick and fun way!
its really awesome , especially the faculty they really teach very well.
It was interesting to study new things. Well done instructors great job!
Excellent course. Easy to follow along and a lot of really good informat
Outstanding features. Tables and named ranges are time saving treasures.
This course was excellent and you may open your true potentials in excel
the videos help in clear understanding. The course structure is detailed
It was really great traInIng .easy to understand and great demo sessIon.
Wow. I learnt a lot I can use for analysis and forecasting. A great one.
Great class and great instruction! I like it. Thank you, Professors!!!!
Great Course and a very important skill set for working in any industry
Very in depth teaching, enjoyed the final assignment very much. Thanks.
Very useful Course, It was really easy to learn and excellent teaching.
excited to learn more features of excel, dashboard report is excellent!
This was just one of the awesome course i had on this coursera platform
Excellent & Fabulous. I am curious to learn more n more advance Courses
An Excellent course. More like a journey towards the success. Thank you
I recommend this class because this class is very practical and useful.
Good course with lot of examples and l have learned a lot new concepts.
A really well-designed course. The practice assignments are phenomenal.
Learned many things from this course. Thanks to the Coursera authority.
Excellent Teachers and very well organised and well thought out course.
The material is very systematic so it is easy to follow and understand
learnt a lot, recommended for anyone in the world of work and business
This is a very good course for people who are more into data analysis.
Greatly explained content - this is the best online course I've taken!
This was a very challenging, but very useful class. I learned so much.
Very insightful, professionally presented, overall an enjoyable experi
Super course! A bit problematic to consolidate, but I will work on it!
Comprehensive. Learnt new functionalities of Excel. Highly Recommended
A great course with very easy teaching which can be understood easily
Great course material. Amazing teaching style. Nice work by the team.
Very good course! I learned so many skills that are a + for my carrer
Very useful and easily explained all the steps in a proper sequence.
One of the best Course i have ever did. Prashant Sir you were Great.
I did not realise excel has so much function and easy to adapt with.
BEST WAY OF EXPLANATION AND PRACTICE WORKSHEET ARE JUST AWESOME.....
As a result of this course, i feel like i added on a lot to my self.
Quite good, methodical approach with high quality practice workbooks
It's a great course to improve your Excel skills. I do recommend it.
I like the way the instructors have planned and executed the course.
very important course for professionals who have to analyze big data
Great course that provides both fundamentals and in-depth expertise.
Very useful in learning some of the more advanced features of Excel.
Brilliant teaching and material...looking forward to next 2 courses
Very useful! I really learnt a lot of excel knowledge from coursera
This is the best course that anyone could get. A must for everyone.
very recommended, i would to continue to achieve the advanced level
I enjoyed the course and start to apply it in my tasks. thank you .
After long time, I got a wonderful course to polish my excel skill.
Excellent course.  Learned a lot that allows me to excel at my job.
It is a great course I love it, I recommend  you to try this course
very good course. unlimited learning. thanks to Nicky and Prashan.
structural way of teaching is highlight and mentors were also good
Teaching methodology and Structure of the course was mind-blowing.
The course content is well selected and well designed with handsOn
One of the best learning experience in online courses . Very good.
Great teachers and a good course for all excel learners out there.
Excellent Course outline designed with relevant practice material.
Intro to pivot tables was helpful- wish there was more focus on it
Amazingly designed and presented course. Learning was exponential!
It helps in every possible aspects that we required for Enterprise
This is amazing! Super helpful! Thank you for putting it together.
I love the way in which everything is explained. Brilliant course
Excellent course. I Really learned a lot with an easy smooth way.
Well organised course, with clear instructions. Excellent tutors!
Well-structured and really thorough! Amazing learning experience!
Really good, I believe the lesson would be helpful for daily task
awesome, teachers and didatic are very by acoord with the lessons
very good course for anyone wanting to boost his/her excel skills
This is an amazing course that gave me an abundance of knowledge.
Thank you! thank you! i feel myself much more confident in Excel!
Great course with a lot of practices and challenging assignments.
Learned New Things, Thanks Macquarie University, Thanks Coursera.
Very good course, I learned a lot. I would recommend to everyone.
An excellent course for those who want to learn how to use Excel
The best Excel course ever. Better than the one I took in class.
A one of the best course and gained a lot. Thank you very much !
IT WAS EXCELLENT COURSE AND I HAVE LEARNT A LOT FROM THIS COURSE
Excellent course with an excellent assessment. Totally worth it!
Amazing course for people who know basics or essentials of excel
Superb course and great learning!! Must recommend for everyone!!
Interesting. I learn some tools which previously I did not know.
Excellent course for business students or from any other stream.
Excellent! A lot information archived. Thanks to offer the best.
Professional team of presenters with clear tools and explanation
it is amazing and very useful thank you so much for your efforts
A lot of important information received in this course, thanks.
Very Great Course Really Help Lot to Learn about Excel Function
Definitely harder than the Essentials, but also more rewarding.
The course was exciting and challenging and I learned a great d
Concise and efficient. No word is a waste in the entire course.
Very challenging, but definitely very good, going for the next.
It's a wonderful course. I've learned a lot. Thank you for all.
Wonderful Course, helped me immensely in honing my Excel skills
Exceptionally well designed course with lots of value addition.
This is the best course that I have done on Coursera till date!
great course. real important function in exceil. really like it
It was learning experience and has enhanced my skills to new le
I love this Excel course, it's really intresting and usefull!!
Excellent experience Excel Skills for Business: Intermediate I
Best regards to my teachers of this course, thank you so much.
I love the teaching and assessment styles used in this course.
I learned so much in this coursed. It was very well-explained.
Just loving Nicky Ma'am. And Prashan Sir is a great motivator.
excellent course as it gives you a recap of the essentials too
Very very useful for  intermediate student and for new learner
Very interesting course for Accountants, Teachers, and others.
I Did It. A very nice mentor.  I would like to say THank you!
It is an excellent course, it served me too much for the job.
Simply amazing tutorials. Made my excel works more efficient.
Well explained & methodical approach in making one understand
It was very much helpful me, got to learn so many new skills.
Learnt newer features, going to learn advanced excel for sure
Who knew there was more to tables than just formatting them?!
The course was very helpful in reinforcing core excel skills.
Very good course. so much to learn even for the regular user.
Amazing course. Enjoying every lesson and it's really helpful
This course was amazing this would help me a lot on my duties
Very Helpful. Thank you for helping me get to the next level.
The course gives you good chances to practice what you learn
I have leaned Pivot Table, Chart, 3D formula, Consolidating.
Nice Course with great instructional videos and assignments.
Extremely informative and Very nicely explained. Thank you!!
This course helps me doing some complex that I can't before.
This was very useful course and I will continue in next one.
Very helpful and efficient and guide wisely. Thanks so much.
A very usefull and concise curse, fitted to my expectations,
Lovely course. It takes you through excel with so much ease.
really beneficial, highly practical. challenging final exam.
Very enjoyable course (although the chats are a bit naive..)
Like pivot table and slicers, literally make analysis easier
Loved the course! Very interesting, useful and entertaining!
Great course to take your Excel knowledge to the next level.
Prashan n Nicky Thank you!  , I am proud as Sean and Umu :)
Nice and Very Informative as well as helpfull for my future
Strongly Recommended. So much effort was put in this course
Amazing and emphasis to practice  makes this a great course
Very useful all the information is presented in a clear way
Loved the course. All the steps made things easy to follow.
Great class, I learned a lot even though I use excel daily!
I am so thankful for the great works done by the presenters
Very practical, must know Excel skills for work enviroment
Very well designed and loaded with lots of practice videos
This course is the best one for learning excel on coursera
EXCELLENT!So easy to understand! I just loved it!Thank you
Really amazing tips and tricks for optimizing Excel's use.
The concepts were new for me and I found them interesting.
One of the best skills you can learn during this lockdown.
It was fun learning something new from experienced faculty
Absolutely YES ! Fantastic Course  Very Highly recommended
Very Great Individual Course I came across! Just loved it.
Excellent course! Structured with great detail! Thank you!
Understanding better and moving more forward towards Excel
Awesome Course. You will learn at lot and at your own pace
Excellent! It illustrates concepts with a lot of examples.
Great Course..... Highly Engaging and Taught many things.
it was very nice and helpful for future job opportunities
Really enjoyed it. The breakdown of course was excellent.
Probably the most detailed excel course available online.
Exercises were fun, instructors were great at explaining!
It was a really good course and specialization in general
Super usefull specially for pivot tables & tables tricks!
Well structured, well taught, worth the time and effort.
Very helpful in learning excel and using it efficiently.
Videos and test allow you to learn the information well.
Thanks for the course, it was great! Awesome teachers :)
Good content. Helped me learn a lot of new excel skills.
Amazing course, I have throughly enjoyed learning Excel.
"EXCEL"lent course and great efforts by the instructors.
It was also a awesome course. Thanks to all the teacher.
i do not know what to say, it is just a fantastic course
The course was awesome. I learnt amazing tools of excel.
Excellent way to impart Excel skills for Business. Great
Excellent Course, Must Do For All Business Professionals
Super valuable knowledge that I can use at work. Thanks!
Great Course, explained very well and in a simple manner
Simply awesome. A must course for every IT professional.
I learned a lot about functions i hadnt used yet. thanks
My favorite course. Very much favorite and fun learning.
Very well explained steps and learned some great things.
This was so much fun! Looking forward to the next one!!
Very much helpful and its a great opportunity to learn.
excellent and very helpful for office and academic work
Extraordinary clear, detailed and useful. Great course.
Very informative and i will suggest to take this course
best course for learning...but exam is quite difficult.
Very good course! learned a lot about tables and charts
Amazing new knowledge, loved every course. Very useful.
very good study material and effective learning methods
very good course - simple learning - with good teachers
Thank you for providing me more information in MS Excel
I've learned a lot on this course, I liked it so much!
Well Structured and Amazing Tests and Practice quizzes
Great Experience. Special thanks to my beloved teacher
Excellent course. Great explanations and case studies.
It's the best course on Excel out there. Just amazing!
Quite a hands on course! Challenging also...Thank you!
It was just amazing. No word can describe my feelings.
Very practical course! I learnt a lot! Recommend 100%.
Great Insights. Fantastic tools. I strongly recommend.
Excellent course. I've learnt a lot of new information
Very useful. Especially the last week on Pivot Tables.
Fantastic course, lots of great new tools and very pos
Amazing teachers, lovely experience and great learning
One the best courses that I have done. Great teachers.
This was a great course. Thorough and easy to follow.
I was gained new skills and remembered my old skills.
Brain turning revelations. Thank You for this Course.
Excellent Course...Taking the next course for sure..!
Very comprehensive and helpful.Keep up the good work!
Highly effective course.Makes one scratch their head.
Great course for going into the advanced level Excel!
i learn a lot i expect to suscribe in the next course
Excellent...Recommend everyone to enroll this course.
So helpful, so well taught and I have learnt so much.
I learnt a lot knowledge from this course about Excel
its really awsome course .thank you corsera for this.
This REALLY changed my way to see and use Excel! WOW!
It is an Excellent Course! Kudos to the Instructors.
Very good course, so many explicative and practical.
Highly recommended, the best Excel course out there!
Very Excellent Teaching Technique And Quality Videos
An extremely detailed and easy to understand course.
Very helpful for table, chart, sorting and filtering
it is really a good course after the preliminary one
Loved the videos, I did learn a lot with this couse!
Excellent course, very clear and with a nice format!
The best source to learn any possible thing. Period.
Highly useful material delivered in a practical way!
Great Course! You can learn a lot about Excel tools!
Lots of good topics covered that I can use at my job
A great opportunity to learn this essential tool :)
Excelent course. Each funtionality...well explained
Very well designed course for all types of learners
Very complete course explained in a magnificent way
Well paced and easy to understand. I learned a lot.
This course is very helpful and easy to understand.
Great Learning Experience from wonderful teachers !
great... lot of great tricks and usefull excercises
Very good course with quite challenging exercises.
One of the best courses and the best teachers ever
great understanding and good start to excel career
Awesome Course for Excel.Enjoyed it to the fullest
The course is great and the teachers are wonderful
Extraordinary Course. Learned beyond expectations.
Amazing, explained very well. Learnt lot of things
overall good course, i learn so many excel skills.
Well Structured, crisp, and insightful. Well done!
Great course. Easy to understand and very usefull.
The exercise workbooks are very well done! Thanks!
Very interesting and challenging. I learned a lot.
amazing course learned a lot thank you DR.prashant
Nice for beginner and learn a lot from the course!
One of the best courses ever! It's very intuitive
great course, will surely help in my career ahead
Loved this course. I have learned so many things!
It was a great experience with Excel and Coursera
Thanks for this excellent course. You are amazing
Very Informative and useful course to learn Excel
Well made course with excellent practice problems
Great course! I can't wait to do the second part!
Very clear & easy to understand - Would recommend
awesome new capabilities from excel were acquired
I feel confident with excel now after this course
It was wonderful experience to Learn this course.
very good course to learn ,you must learn quickly
Another amazing course of those guys. Thank you!
Great explanation and examples for you to learn.
I really enjoy it. Worth the time. Thank you all
I really enjoyed the course and i learned a lot!
A wonderful course by such talented instructors!
Another Brilliant course in this specialization.
perfect course and i got certificate in 2 days )
this class is gold - i hate consolidation though
Excellent course ,very helpful,great Explanation
Great course in the Excel material and lectures.
Extremely useful course. Would highly recommend.
Great Course! I am planning to go with next one.
there is a lot of new useful information for me.
All the topics are very interesting and useful.
Excellent Course, Congratulations to Professor.
It was magnificent to learn so many new things.
It was a very useful and nice course. I enjoyed
very nice course, stressed on practice was nice
One of the best courses U have ever had online!
The best course for excel out in the internet!
Superb Course! Hands on from the first moment.
very well structured course. I really like it.
Good course. Explains everything really easily
Outstanding course in almost every single way!
Nicki and Prashan are one of the great tutors.
It was the right amount of tricky.  Thank you!
all modules are created nicely and challenging
it is quite tough but engaging and interesting
Great Learning and acquired new set of Skills.
very well explained,thank you for the teaching
it was a a good comprehensive course for Excel
It was informative and simple in the same time
I enjoyed this course and learnt so much here.
Just excellent! Really good course, I like it.
great course. I have enjoyed every bit of it.
Makes you realize just how powerful Excel is.
Thoroughly enjoyed learning so much in excel.
i had a great experiences joining this course
Well Explained and Concepts were done clearly
The course is well-structured and very useful
The best Excel course to enhance your skills.
Exceptional Course! A must for learning Excel
Thank you so much! The course is very useful!
got to learn so many new concepts .thank you.
Really well structured and easy to understand
Excellent! Exceeded expectations.  Thank you!
Excellent and so easy to learn and comprehend
Best Excel Course so far I have seen online.
Excellent teachers and a excelent experience
Amazing work by the team! Highly recommended
Very Good course of excel for learning more.
Thank you so much.It was a great experience.
must done this course for your bright future
Great course to learn new things about excel
PIVOT everything in your life! Game-changer!
Good content, more practice would be better.
It was well explained and enjoyable  course
amazing, well structured and very practical
It was great and all topics are very useful
Good course to know many things about excel
Excellent Course and a very good instructor
Superb course with a fantastic explanation.
quite insightful.the assignments were good.
Amazing experience it was. Learned a lot...
It's interesting & useful course, I like it
Amazing! I learned a lot with this course!
From Zero to Hero! This course is amazing!
Very much sophisticated course i ever seen
Excellent course with inspiration approach
The best Excel course I've made until now.
Best Course for acquiring skills for Excel
Overall, I got a Good learning experience.
I have learned and practice much as enough
another top-class course, thanks Coursera.
it was a really great learning experience.
its very hard but i did it thanks coursera
Excellent presentation and very well paced
If you are looking forward to learn basics
Absolutely great & easy to follow lessons!
I have learned new things from this course
Very challenging yet fun and educational!
This course is excellent, I recommend it.
It was really awesome learning experience
Good course with a lot of new information
a very useful course for every excel user
This is a great course. I love te format.
Very well done, I am more than satisfied!
Great Course and well organized content .
Best course layout, criteria and material
Great course to enhance our Excel skills!
Beautiful experience through and through
Will surely improve in aiding my career.
It's a very good and new thing to learn.
Best specialization ever to learn Excel.
It was a pleasure to finish this course.
Expected outcome gather from this course
One of the best course I have ever done.
Great and challenging exercises. Thanks.
had great fun to solve the calculations!
Thoroughly enjoyed content and delivery.
Really good expainations. easy to follow
Loved the examples and practice problems
This new instructor in week 4 is amazing
Very clear explanation by the lecturers.
This course is amazing, I learned a lot
It gives me faith that Excel is for me.
Awesome, best hands-on experience ever!
Loved it and would highly recommend it.
Very Satisfied with what I have learnt.
The Material is so easy to understand!!
Great assessments, I enjoyed doing them
Really valid course and specialisation.
I have gained amazing skills. Thank you
The course was indeed a great stimulus!
A superb course covering all key topics
Excellent course in terms of everything
Thank you so much, I've learned a lot!
The structure of the course is perfect
Thank you so much for the great course
Pivot Table and Slicer are Wow feature
Beautifully structured and really fun!
Awesome course it is. Worth taking it.
Wonderful course to learn excel skills
Great course, thanks for the knowledge
It's so informative and easy to follow
superb instructors and amazing content
Easy to learn with this team. Amazing!
VERY HELPFUL :) THANKS A LOT TEACHERS!
Excellent course by excellent teachers
beeessssttt course ever THANK YOU ALL
Really learn a lot! Excellent course!
It's a good course and very complete.
Very much interesting and appreciable
Great course, everyone should do this
Very good course.I have learned a lot
Excellent course for learning Excel !
Thank you. It is very helpful course.
Excellent and very challenging course
awesome teachers and fantastic topics
Absolutely the best course on excel!
Amazing course to up-skill yourself!
Easy to follow and good information.
best teaching metod ever experienced
THESE COURSES ARE VERY WELL DESIGNED
Really great and enjoyable course :)
It was a wonderful journey to excel.
Well Structured and good Ninja Tips!
Very well explained and structured!!
thank you so much for everything ^_^
Found this course absolutely useful!
Very informative and learning course
Great course. Learnt tons of stuff!!
Nicely drafted contentsGreat course
It's really good courses! Worth it!
Very good courses and easy to study
A definition of a excellent course!
Great course with awesome teachings
Great Experience in learning excel.
This Course really Very profitable.
One of the best courses I have done
Most Challenging course I ever did.
Many thanks for this great course..
Very useful for course for everyone
One of the best excel courses ever.
Best Excel Class ive ever attended.
All things are described very well.
So informational!!!!!!! Just do it!
Course is interactive and engaging.
highly recommended course for excel
This is really helpful for my work.
Very wonderful and enriching course
Very well organized and explained !
Very helpful for professional use.
its was a good learning experience
Best Technique to teach the things
Amazing Course by the University!!
i love this course , thanks you <3
Very effective and perfect course.
the best Cource of my life to grow
A great achievement for me. thanks
This course tought me well enough!
A very good course to learn Excel.
best learning experience ever got.
Simplified and still sophisticated
Course was as good as anticipated.
super ,very well presented and exp
excellent for any business analyst
Very informative and handy course
Best of Excel courses on Coursera
Fabulous Course. Nicely designed.
Its perfect way to gain knowledge
Excellent Course, great teachers.
Great explanation with great tips
Amazing course!!! I learned a lot
Very useful, thank you very much.
Nice content and wonderful video.
I just love the way they teaches.
That is a really powerful course!
growing up by each these courses.
Love this course, I learned a lot
Really great course and teachers.
Really useful functions and tools
THE LEARNING IS GREAT ! THANKYOU
thank you so much you´re awesome
It couldn't have been better!!!!
Best course i have ever studied.
Thank you to all my instructors!
Fantastic! I highly recommend it
great course. highly recommended
Very helpful. Thank you so much!
quite useful and easy to follow!
Really good course, learn a lot.
I am enjoying this Excel series!
very useful Excel skills course
Really good and helpful course.
I LOVE THE LEARNING AND SKILLS.
A Must Course For Excel Learner
The journey was really awesome.
It is really an awesome course.
Amazing course! I learned a lot
its so amazing course thank you
Amazing Course .... Very Useful
Glad i enrolled in this course.
Very nice course , well defined
I love pivot tables and charts!
I am learning so much!  Thanks.
Very well taught and explained.
Wonderful course to learn excel
Very good course. Recommended.
all courses are well decorated
Very informative and practical
Great course, Great faculties.
Great Course as building block
it was very easy to understand
Great course for the beginners
Excellent teaching. Go for it.
I have gained a lot. Thank you
Learnt a lot of excel features
Great cours, so easy to learn!
very good training and trainer
Great Course!So much to learn!
very simple and amazing course
Excellent and well organized !
Good learnings from the course
Great experience studying here
Nice way of teaching you Excel
Immense Learning!! Thank you!!
very challenging and rewarding
Big Thanks to the instructors
The best Excel course online.
great experience and learning
Great course! Super complete!
it was very hard, recommended
This course is very very good
it's very helpful! Thank you!
Super Excellentthanks for all
amazing course to learn excel
That's great! Thanks so much.
Wondeful course. A must have.
ONE OF THE BEST COURSES EVER
Really informative lectures.
Now this is a perfect course
This course is just perfect.
I really enjoyed this course
GREAT COURSE,LEARNT SO MUCH!
Enjoyed the class structure.
The best Way  to learn excel
Very good and easy to follow
great course! learned a lot!
very nice course thanks team
Explanation was really good
This course is so goood !!!
The best course structure .
Very Well structured course
Very Useful and Informative
Very detailed and excellent
very good platform to learn
Perfect course for everyone
Tough but totally worth it.
Best so far. Learned a lot.
Brilliant and Comprehensive
Impressing On-line Training
5 stas, good quality course
Very well done and helpful.
Very usefull. Thanks a lot!
Addons to My Excel Skills!
Very beautifully explained
Great course learned a lot
Happy to learn this course
Amazing Course . Thank you
thank you for your support
Was actually a great class
Excellent lectures.Thanks.
Perfectly curated course!
Nice course, very useful!
Awesome course. Congrats!
It was fantastic course..
Great new skills acquired
I am completely satisfied
Very well explain course.
I LOVE LEARNING WITH YOOU
Amazing course, Great Fun
Really well done course!
The best course of excel
This Course is AWESOME!!
Its a wonderful course!!
It's so exciting course.
The course is excellent!
good cousregood teaching
This course was amazing.
Well designed coursework
challenging and exciting
That was really awesome!
Worth the time invested.
Excellent teaching team
It's an amazing course!
Just, Wow.... Excellent
Good Teaching Expertise
Great job! Thank you :)
A very relevant course.
very elaborte and clear
This was very wonderful
Must have for everybody
Great course,thank you.
Succinct and awesome!!!
Amazing Course Offered
Great course, loved it
The best Excel course!
Very nice, i loved it!
Good for the begginers
WONDERFUL, THANK YOU !
The best excel course
Another great course.
Excellent everything!
Very nicely explained
Absolutely brilliant!
Better than the best
outstanding teachers
Well taught. Thanks.
It was sophisticated
I highly recommended
Very quality course.
Very powerful tips!
Excel is Wonderful!
Very Impressive!!!!
Awesome course!!!!!
Very good knowledge
Great course. 10/10
Very Very Very Good
Everything is good.
What a great course
Good Experience...
Incredibly useful!
That was awsome <3
Well guided course
Great Excel Course
Great Learning....
AmzIng Experiences
thanks this course
Very good content!
Fantastic! Thanks
Wonderfull Course
Great oportunity!
an amazing course
Very Helpful part
Really helpful!!
They are awesome
Highly effective
Awesome course!!
very good thanks
Thank you. Great
Great!Thank you!
awesome course.
#everyonesaywow
You're the best
Truly educative
Great Learning
helped me alot
very intuitive
Very useful !!
amazing Course
THanks a lot!
very useful❤❤
Just Perfect
Great tempo.
well taught!
Good Recap
THANK YOUU
Love it <3
Marvelous
Great <3
