Excel you can learn through practiceYou cant just study excel by doing some excise in the worksheet provided by the tutorWhen you really stuck for excel in office please search that doubt in google and find outdont waste time by doing this kind of course in excelthe course is too long and boringplease dont opt for this course if you wants to save your time...............Course content really good...........
I think the questions are really confusing, some of the questions are actually wrong, that you can't find the right answer, i.e. instructing you to change the data for Cindy, then asks for the final income for Tom. And their excel files seem not compatible with Mac (?) I have to restarted 2 of the files for 5 times. Also, someone has also pointed out, the questions/ shortcuts are not for Mac
very long for basics
In 7 minutes the teacher covers about 5 key elements. There is no pause for you to try. I'm aware you can hit pause at any time. This course feels very centered around vocabulary rather than the topic being hands-on. To top it off the teacher talks so fast. Try a different class or Youtube.
I am unable to talk to an actual person about the issue I'm having and don't understand why I can not!! It shows me that it was not a good idea to sign up for the courses!! I didn't even want toggle this one star button order to do this review I have to. So far its not even worth one star!!
I JUST WANT TO DEREGISTER, ITS SOOOOOO ANNOYING, BEEN TRAING SINCE LIKE FOUR HOURS BUT THERES NO OPTION COMING IN THE DROPDOWN MENU AND I CANT FIND LIKE ONE EMAIL ADDRESS TO HELP: ALL I GET IS THAT ONE HELP ARTICLE PAGE IN ARABIC
I want to unenroll and can't find a tab to allow me to do so. When I am done with my Google Courses, I am not going to use Coursera again. I don't care who their business partners are, Coursera is shady!
no customer support while trying to download a workbook.... On their discussion forum, many are searching for it as well.... No phone number to get customer support.. Not user friendly...thumbs down
Very basic, limited features of Excel have been explored. Pivot tables and Macros have not been included in the scope of the course, despite the course description indicating otherwise.
Many of the parts of the course do not work correctly. You often have to retake exams multiple times despite achieving score of 80% or above
No course instructor is their to guide and therefore i'm unable to complete  to my course assignments.
THE COURSE WAS SAYING THAT MY ITEMS HAS BEEN LOCKED UNTIL THE SESSION START. ANY SOLUTION TO THIS PLS
Payment was deducted 4th time ,but it was shown that it will only 3 times
i want to remove this course..pls. help me my no. 91-9909992857
They claim shareable certificate, but don't provide one. Scam.
I want to unenroll for this course. Thank you.
Very childish and not at all challenging
too many graded quizez
USELESS TIMEWASTE
very basic course
It's very basic
I have working experience with Excel for many years and am a Mac user. I signed up for this to get more tips and a refresher on how to best use Excel. I initially learned using Excel in Windows, have been a Mac user for years. Most excel sheets I worked on would be revenue forecasts, pipeline etc.This course hasn't been great so far for a Mac user. I constantly have to stop and double check if this course actually mentioned the right short cuts (the UI is on Windows, they mention Mac shortcuts). For example, in Lesson one I tried to find Flash Fill for ages - turns out, there's no Flash Fill available on Mac. Very poor for a course. You should offer to separate ones - one for Windows, one for Mac. Same in final exam in Lesson one: I answered correctly for Mac which was a wrong answer for Windows. I wouldn't recommend this if you are a Mac user.
I have worked in Excel for years. Signed up for basic tips and overall Specialization certification. Although its purpose is to go through the essentials of Excel, some important topics were rushed through. And practice challenges do not seem to be enough for beginners. Some questions were confusing and lots of gaps between the lecture and the questions asked in the quiz. Feedbacks could also be more constructive to guide the students to learn the concept instead of the need to resort to trial and error methods to pass the test with no learning of the targeted concept.For the basics, I would recommend freely available resources on youtube which has great content and excellent practice materials for the proper application of the material in various scenarios. The only downside is you do not earn a certificate.
My Microsoft Office 365 doesn't accept these commands.The commands consolidating, and with linking and catergories. Vickies ctl K and and ctl V don't work either.  I've tried for 3 or 4 hours and I think its the compatability with my 365.  I don't want to purchase the program because then the ads are only for google spreadsheet or quickbooks.  The zip files download ok, but when I open them in my Microsoft Office they are a series of numbers and commands on the tabs or file names.  Sometimes the enable view doesn't work.  I was happy with the instructors.
I am using mac and hard to pass quizzes because of that, i also have different icons to use and not sure how to review or come back so the benefit was okay from this course
As a muslim,first of all, I thank to Allah for doing this course.I have really learned a a lot on Excel.Thanks to the course team members.
While the name suggest its for business i did not find anything other than basic. Otherwise it is great for general Excel learnings
Hi Team, I am unable to download the workbooks would you be able to  assist me in downloding the excel workbooks please ?
Some of the explaining was short not the guy didn't explain well he just was clicking like we weren't following along
its too long for a course that teaches basics. too long and too time consuming
Too easy, and some of the tasks may be confusing
The vedio can't be open just keep running...
It was too basic for me
ITS NOT FREEE
Focus too much towards windows it was hard for me to do it on Mac.
Fairly good, but still has some weak points as follows: file archive are inconsistent (1st two weeks has sub-folders for OSX and PC) but from third sub-folder is only for OSX and rest are in root of archive, which denotes a lack of attention to details.all files to be downloaded are scattered through archive and additional multiple files to download after (feels inconsistent)formatting instructions are US centrist and totally ignores other country settings (in Europe for example we use comma as decimal separator and dot for thousand separator, therefore provided within question phrase format is being interpreted by Excel as thousand separator w/o decimal, whereas if US setting would be present no thousand separator and 2 decimals is given), so clearer international safe instructions should be includedOther than this was quite good coverage of basic to medium functionalities.
There are a lot of gaps between what is instructed in the videos and what is asked in the tests
It is very easy course to do , If you have prior knowledge of Excel you can do it in 1 day as I did.
but the questions in the last assesement are varying with the datasheet provided
I found the course content really valuable.But these courses are for windows users and should only be marketed as such. I use a MacBook Pro and although it nodded toward the fact that you may have to hunt for particular tools, sometimes those tools just did not exist and then it came up on the assessment. They should re-do the videos with content aimed at Mac users too not just windows.If I'd have been using a windows computer then I would have found the video tutorials really easy to follow - as it was I struggled far more than I should have had to considering I'm paying for this.
I found this course pretty awesome .. but for a person who is already working with excel for quite sometime  this course would just be a refresher of all known concepts and shortcuts and nothing new t learn.If you are a total beginner then this would be the best course to start learning excel.Disclaimer : Came to know  from my friends and peers that this course is not fetching good results when took from MAC as the shortcuts and other stuff is not mentioned right. So best recommended for Windows Users
The Course is informative and i gained a lot from this. But i think this course must include session on Pivot Table and answers for Quiz must be available via password protected sheet or else we get answers through discussion forum or else someone must be available online who can guide us.I raised my queries in discussion form but not get correct reply. Still Trying to get my results for those questions.
The final exam file was too large, so my computer kept crashing. As a result, I had to wait almost ten minutes after each step, so the exam took way longer than necessary. You could test our knowledge with a far smaller file, you didn't need to have hundreds of data samples in the sheet to know if we are able to filter, sort or apply formulas.
There were A LOT of unnecessary downloads and a lot of the recommended keystrokes and available tabs were not available in the two different versions of Excel that I managed to find and use. So I was at a noticeable disadvantage during the duration of this course; However, it was very informational.
This course introduced several new tools. More examples would have been helpful. It was difficult to solve some of the practice challenges and the scenarios given in the assessments. Additional feedback on incorrect answers would help students grasp the material much quicker.
This is a very good course & practise session, but I wonder if you could have included how to create the PIVOT charts too!!! However both the trainers are so well groomed in their profession...Kudos to you all.. Keep up the good work.. :)
Why I have to start the whole training every time i log in in my account. I do not see any resume option to continue from the last part of the course taken before.
The Interests gained example needs to be better explained .. clearing filters, sorts and conditional formatting should be better explained.
It takes more time than is required to learn these skills. However, wht you learn is really really helpful and the instructors are great.
could not download excel because my system is MacOS 10.11 and the printing format questions did not work with the software I used.
Best site for certification bu as i do a Excel Certification lot of problem with different version for assignments
It can we more practical,and there is not proper explanation of some topic like page layout and page break out
My expectation was more about this course, it's mostly suitable for Beginner.
Improve the length of the question because every question is very lengthy.
Excellent course made my knowledge  from zero to a better level
Can include more content, I feel the course is of average
could've included pivot tables too. Overall nice course!
so hard to work with if you have different program
Somewhat Basic, however nice to get in the field.
Somethings is too basic, even for the beginners.
the final assessment was quite brainstorming
very good opportunity to learn the course.
needs to be updated with latest excel.
Great review for me but way to simple
I can unerollment for this course
Super explanatory course
Very Productive activity
Very basic excel skills
nice one to learn excel
I hate the final exam
Basic Knowledge
I had really good time doing this course. This was the first time i was doing any online course and i found this course very interesting and easy to work with. The animation and videos were very helpful.
It's a very good course if you are looking for some introductory content to start using Excel and know how to do lots of different things which are really helpful in almost every aspect of your life. For me it was easy because I had previous knowledge about this software, nevertheless I learnt a few new things such as the "absolute cell referencing", or taking data from another sheet of the workbook. Now, thanks to this course, I have improved at Excel and I feel confident to use it at my work on a daily basis.
Definitely would recommend to my younger self to take this course early on in my career. Vey basic and excellently structured. Both Nicky and Prashan did a great job! Thank you.
This class was very challenging.  I learned a lot but had some issues with the wording of some test questions.  I am looking forward to the next course.
Excellent course to be more productive (i.e. faster) in Excel.
Excel Skills for Business was a great class, but it was challenging. I wish there were more explanations of the basic formulas and functions. The class briefly went over very important information in Week 2 and partially in Week 4 with Con﻿ditional Formatting. After and before that, it went over a million other basic things that are important and necessary to know -- the essentials of Excel of course (such as printing, styles & themes, filtering & sorting, etc.) Then it came time for the final and I felt nobody was truly prepared.What I needed more help with was everything in Week 2 -- Formulas, Functions﻿, Absolute Cell References, Calculations Across Sheets, all the formulas and equations to GET the answers like for example how to figure out how to get the discount or tax. And Conditional Formatting.  I completed the course, and took it beyond serious and sadly, I feel like I didn't grasp the information enough to move on yet to the IntermediateI course. When I say I too﻿k it seriously, I took such extensive notes that it took me well over an hour to get through every sin﻿gle 3-minute video, even with the typed out transcript available that I copied and pasted into my notes first. I did every assignment. It's not like I rushed through the class. It's really difficult to get answers in the forum, which is obviously disappointing for students. Matthew Kyng and Tim Keighley DO respond to students when they can and provide an email address for students to be able to email their spreadsheet to the teachers to evaluate their errors and then tell then help to get the answer on their own. They take regular nights and weekends off (as they should) so students sometimes end up getting discouraged because they don't get answers before the exam is finished. Students are supposed to be able to answer but students very rarely PROVIDE helpful feedback in the forums, they only are asking the same questions are you are so it's not a help.
This course was great and was what the title mentions:  essentials. It mostly made no assumptions about any prior knowledge and addresses most discrepancies between the different versions of Microsoft Excel, well mostly. Here are some of the problems that if noted could either improve the course or help future students until they are improved by the Professors-1) For the options that were in the File tab in the excel ribbon as opposed to the operating system's menu bar file tab, this course failed to address the location of the relevant content on the versions of excel that do not have the file tab. 2) Some of the workbook or exercise documents that where to be downloaded for practice and/ or to be worked on in tandem with the video instructions either had faulty/missing information or some unnecessarily deep menu settings (EG. locked and protected cells) that prevented completion. These were seemingly unintentional despite they were a lesson well learned.3) lastly, some of the quiz questions offered an excel file to test for yourself and then answer about the inquired affect of a certain action. A few of them did not take into account that not all versions (EG. Mac vs Windows) of excel have the same functionality. as a result, the quizzes are reasonably not the best representation of efforts.However, overall, as a beginner course it gives you the confidence to know that whatever knowledge you build over this it won't crumble down as it is a solid foundation. Whatever time you spend going around its shortcoming happens to be time experimenting and leaning about new features; perhaps even the most important time during the course it very much that. Thank you Professor.
The explanation and the way the video's are made is terrific. It was easy to understand and fun to do. A very good way to learn. I am very happy to have finally been able to learn how to use Excel the proper way. There where so many things that I didn't know about. But, it is not easy to do on a Mac. Because the course is mainly done for Windows computers and an older version. I had to spend a lot of time searching for the right combinations. The ones given are not active on the new systems that Apple gives. I would strongly recommend to redo this course anno 2020, and maybe make a separate version for Mac users. This version is way too old.Thank you very much.
I really appreciated the course and was amazed at some of the subject matter. I never knew that Excel did so much! The bit of feedback I have to give is that there were several unclear questions that I ran into on tests that were phrased in ways that were difficult for me to understand what was being asked. There were several "trick questions," due to slight turns of phrase that forced me to retake certain tests multiple times. I suspect it might be a language barrier due to the difference between Australian and American sentence structure. I still learned a lot, regardless of the language barrier, and I'm ready and excited to move on to the next course!
A good introduction to, and reinforcement of, some of the basics. I feel much more comfortable with Excel and ready to learn even more.  I did find it a bit of a challenge though to follow along while using a Mac.  I had to dig a little deeper to discover how to find and apply some of the commands. Also, while using the latest Windows platform, I discovered that there simply were key differences in how information was laid out in the ribbon.  I spent quite a bit of time trying to find things as a result. Not the instructors fault, of course, but a bit frustrating at times.
Overall, I thought this training was strong and well-paced.  My only commit would be that on some of the tests you asked questions that covered skills that had not been addressed yet.  I am all for challenging folks to work through the system to find what they need.  That is how this self-taught gal learned.  But even I had some challenges finding what I needed, mostly because this was about learning terminology for me. So, when a term came up on a test we had not addressed yet, it proved difficult.
It's a Good Experience for beginning Learners to learn reach and Dept of Excel Basics.It Helps to get knowledge about New Techniques for different functions and also easy hacks for Pie charts, line charts and other components .The Excel skills will reduce the unnecessary steps involved in data Processing.The Basic skills are very essential to save time and proceed further for better output.I wish to say Thank you to Coursera for giving me an opportunity to learn the skills.
In the course there should be  some assignments with guidance in which we make use of the formulas and actually produce worksheet that have practical application like for example making an attendance sheet and what formulas we have to apply in order to make one. Actually i was asked to make one but I could make it because I could make the excel recognize P as 1 in the worksheet. Although I know that if I try I can make it but this course should also have such activities.
A very well designed course that touches on subtle nuances of excel that one generally misses when one learns excel by hit and trial on the go. However, this course provides a comprehensive coverage of all the basic elements needed to make professional spreadsheets. A great tool to revise basics for the ones who have lost touch. Coupled with experimenting with the worksheet, this course goes a long way in making approaches stick in the minds of students.
The download files in some of the exercises did not match the videos. Some of the exercise/quiz questions were not covered in the videos.  Also on some of the exam questions, the correct answer was marked as incorrect - not often, but in some cases.  All this say that someone may want to review the videos and compare with all the exercises, quizzes and tests.  The instructors were wonderful.  I very much enjoyed the course.
The Course was some what challenging but Hands High to the developers for making it very understandable for each Students such as myself.  This course have built my confidence and inspired me to now challenge myself more, it was truly an motivational step for me as I am someone who didn't went all the way through Secondary  School. I found this Course to be very helpful for any one who have a love for Excel. Thank you.
I had a very hands on experience, practice makes permanent exposure which allowed me to try several tasks to ensure that the excel knowledge is instilled and applied correctly, and the teaching methods are extremely helpful and makes the course more interesting so that we can go the extra mile, this is one fascinating course I am wishing to apply the skills I earned in this course in the workplace successfully so
If you  decided that you would continue this course so an  advance congratulation from me. I think this is damn interesting course for learning excel basic even if you are a beginner ! All of the video tutorial are well structured and provide greatest  information with example.You will learn through quiz.Quiz are always relevant with  proper worksheet in all exam after a week.The mentor are really amazing.
Overall, a very practical and useful course. The challenges/exams are well-written and practical questions based on material covered. Not sure if it's possible, but sometimes some of the questions/shortcuts aren't  always up-to-date/relevant for Mac users. The quiz questions can sometimes also be a bit confusing and it's clear the multi-choice questions were written using a PC to work out the answers.
I greatly appreciated the outline and presentation. What didn't work well for me was the fact there is noone you can ask a question when problems arise - no one else than the forum that is. As a foreign learner I also noticed lots of differences in how my Excel behaves vs. the Australian version used here. But eventually it still worked and I enjoyed it so much I signed up for the next course.
Great course. I recommend to those that are self taught or is an immediate Excel level to take this course because it definitely refreshes your skills and you also learn great short-cut tips. Very challenging and I recommend to everyone to read the questions very carefully. Questions in the quizzes and final assessment can be quite tricky. So read them thoroughly and practice makes permanent!
I did learn some new skills and enjoyed the demonstration videos.  The instruction on creating and working with charts did not work out the best - seems like my version of Excel is just too different from the instructor's version so I had to try to teach myself how to perform the tasks.  Also noted many typos in course printouts - nothing major but many spelling and consistency issues.
This course is really useful for an absolute beginner. If you have already learned the basics, then this course still have many tips and tricks that you might have missed or not known if you have self-learned. The quizzes after each video are well-designed and ensures that you are interested on the course the entire time, even if you knew some of the content of the video.
This course is a great beginner course for excel beginners! I enjoyed it very much and the videos aren't too long to sit and watch. They are straight to the point and very clear to understand. For anyone wanting to refresh their excel skills this is a great way to do that. I also learnt a couple of things and tricks, after working in admin and using excel didn't know!
Great course! I still believe I got two answers right in a couple of the assessments but the course deemed them as incorrect. However, this was very insightful and helpful. Specially when making the change from sheets to excel. It helps me find all the tools I need within the ribbon area and familiarize myself with the differences between both Business Platforms
I enjoyed this courses very much. The content and teaching technique of this course was really appreciable.The worksheets which are provided for practice, the worksheets with challenges were very helpful to understand the topic and practice it.However, the pitch of instructor is very low. I had to watch all the videos at the speed of 2x. That should be improved.
Just a little complain with the final assessment that have a technical issue (reported already)...Question 4: ask for the total Feb Expenditure (Cell P2) but actually P2 is January Expenditure and it was confusing. I place the answer according to the cell referenced because I new the text was incorrect according to the spreadsheet, and this affected my score :(
I liked how the topic were faced. Some of the icons are changed since this course has been uploaded, but it still comprehensible. I liked Prashan and Nicky too lol. It is really basic, especially for what concern the copy and paste concepts or the print to pdf part, but I think this is because of the public the course wants to reach. So good job!
Very challenging course. Doable but time consuming. I have done the 6 weeks in 10 days. I gained a lot of information. Some stuff were not very clear and why we would do it this way, maybe because my mind couldn't comprehend some of it  but that doesn't mean I won't move up to the next level. I am going to start the next specialization course !
I have done many more certificates, but I would say that this is the best course I have come across in coursera and is informative. I would recommend this course to many others and will surely ask them to do this course. A special thanks to my mentors Nikki ma'am and Prashan sir. I will surely use these skills everywhere. Thank you once again.
An excellent initiative by Macquarie University & Coursera. Very easy to learn and understand. Thanks to Dr. Prashan and Nicky for your wonderful teaching. The practice session is very helpful to evaluate our understanding on the lessons what we viewed on each topic. Highly recommendable for working professionals as well as for freshers.
I learned a great deal from this course since enrolling. Some of the lessons can be very challenging to do and learn, but they have helped a great deal when doing the final assessment. Definitely great to bolster your Linkedin profile and makes using Excel easier for budgeting, presentations, and other necessities. Definitely worth it!
Great refresher course for those looking to reacquaint themselves with a solid working knowledge of the key Excel functions. It's amazing how many things one misses, misunderstands or overcomplicates based on their own earlier self learning. Some challenges with formatting in versions of Windows for MAC but overall a great course.
Great way to refresh. Some lessons could of gone into more information, but overall liked the course. I use excel regularly (intermediate understanding) and found some neat short cuts. Showing and doing is key as I learn from practicing. Way more practical to learn shortcuts this way rather than downloading a sheet from online.
Due to different keyboards and settings in different countries, some explanations (i.e. shortcuts, monetary values) were not easy to figure out - that made answering some exam questions super difficult. Other than that it is a great course with super interesting content and awesome teachers. Would highly recommend :)
Overall this course is great but, I think you should fix some bug for final assessment especially in question 4,5 and 19 because I have tried to answer for different formats but end up with the wrong answer and I have no clues to answer or fix the problem. The discussion forum also does not help me with this problem.
This course is great!...I really appreciated how I was able to follow along rather easily and able to understand the information relayed...although, I did see in the final that there were some formulas and formatting that we did not go over, but I was able to navigate to the correct information...thanks so much
It's a great course! In just a couple of weeks I learned so many useful things which have already helped me to improve my daily tasks. Throughout the course I found a couple of questions hard to answer to because of the the way they were formulated, but I contacted the support and they helped straight away
I used Excel online to practice the material and a lot of the functions referenced in the course were not available online so it was sometimes difficult to practice.  But I still learned a lot of new tricks, tips and tools after 25+ years of using Excel and being totally self-taught.  I highly recommend!
The course was very well presented. There were a couple of issues. I'm in the United States and I'm working on Mac. Some of the things don't work the same on the Mac software, and some things are definitely different in the US.  It was sometimes confusing and caused a couple of issues in the quizzes.
Throughly enjoyed this course throughout the entire course. It is really a great course of Excel especially for beginners and professionals who  have just started their career and want to improve Excel which is a ubiquitous tool which is used in every office environment in a corporate environment
hello !The Course topics is clear and planned well.lots of tiny Quizzes Make us to practice everything we learn .there was a little problem with some quizzes that need inputs in answers that couldn't recognize your answers .Finally this was a great course with an easy pass.Thanks !! God Bless.
Great course for learning Excel.  My biggest challenge is that my company has only issued an iPad, so many features in this course are not accessible in the app version of Excel, so I was unable to practice/use for quizzes  Would like to have a course option for app only excel features.
Very good course. It is clear, and gives you worksheets to practice in, to help you remember everything. However, I think there may be mistakes in the final Assessment tests, where their data doesnt match the data we are given, therefore you may miss an answer on the test. I dont know??
Great order of progression and explanation.  I don't know if more of the topics are planned for Intermediate but would like more explanations of charts and it's components.  Would like to know if we could bypass lessons for those tasks and tools that I already are familiar with.
this a very good course for beginners, however it required some more content or some more advance level for the people who are working already with the excelI have learned so many new things I can say still some would have learned with some more chapters in the course thank you
Essentials course is designed for excel users with little working knowledge or no prior experience. However it is also useful for self- taught learners with working knowledge that would like to understand excel terminology and improve efficiency and speed in basic operations.
Excellent opportunity to practice and review prior to taking quizzes and assessments. There were some compatibility issues with my 2007 version of Excel that made it difficult to score higher on certain quizzes, however definitely worth the money to take this course.
It was a good journey with coursera where I learned one more essential skill, practiced and gained knowledge on how to work on Excel. The teaching was good and the assessment and quiz helped me to improve my skills and now I'm confident to take up any work on excel.
The lessons were arranged in a way that gave me a sense of progression. The tutorials and the optional materials were very intuitive. Overall, the course does exactly what it says, teaches one the basics of excel to build a strong foundation for the advanced skills.
It's a very basic course. Excellent for people who are really new to Excel. If you have some experience with Excel I you shouldn't take it, you are just going to get bore. There are something I did learn from this course but I knew most of what they were teaching.
I have learned a lot. I only wish that the course took only 4 weeks, so I didn't have to pay an extra months pay. I didn't try to do two weeks work at one time therefore not sure if it was possible to finish in one week though. Thank you for making it available. l
its wonderful course provided by Macquarie University. teaching and explaining of concept is outstanding! I loved this course so much that i have done this 6 weeks course ,within a week !  I highly recommend you to do so ... you will not regret for sure . thanks
The course is extremely boring, but it gets the job done: they go trhough the essentials in detail and it is a quick but educative course. (you can speed everthing up a lot by sickiping the blablabla with the keyboard arrow, the videos end up being 2min each).
It was really well explained, and interesting too. There's only one improvement I'd like to suggest : Make it a bit more detailed in terms of width - for instance, show how to make more types of charts, etc. Even without that, it is quite a good course :)
I found out I was doing everything the hard way. If you are self taught like me, I would def not skip this and go straight to next levels, worth it. I would take off a .25 of a star for not being aware enough to explain the differences on the Mac version.
Good course to learn the very basics. I took it to have a good knowledge base to take the further courses in the specialization. Worth taking also if you already have some knowledge in Excel, as it explains the rules behind the working of excel. Useful.
To be very honest with you, I think there are some glitches in the final assessment and the course should take in account that many people use Excel in less recent versions and in other languages...but otherwise, it´s ok. I certainly learned something
All of the very basics are included. Would recommend for anyone who has experience already in Excel. I had limited experience and found it very easy. Only take it if you really have never used Excel. It is pretty good if you are an absolute beginner.
This was indeed a very excellent beginner tutorial to learn excel. I am giving 4 stars as the into videos of them talking is just waste of time..Why dont we just get to the point straight away instead of wasting time. Apart from that quality is good.
This course is very helpful for anyone who is willing to learn excel from the very base and make it to use in their daily life as well as in professional life.I am very pleased and honored to Macquarie University for providing me this opportunity.
Excellent course, however, I have a Mac and sometimes there was no information on how I could do the processes in my version. This was especially important for quizzes (to identify buttons or processes) since I could not "try it" in my Excel
I learned quite a lot with this course! However, I thought some of the quizzes in the earlier sections could have been consolidated, but I really benefitted from the formatting and charting options in ways I did not think I could. Thank you!
The course is easy to follow with the video instructions. As I am using a more updated version of excel, there are some differences in the interface and sometimes I was lost as I couldn’t find the certain buttons as mentioned in the videos.
I have some knowledge on excel  but with this course I got some deep insight which is not familiar to me previously and I learn a lot of time saving techniques to enhance my excel working skills in my profession. Thanks to coursera team
I enjoyed these courses. Since I just started learning how to use excel focused towards work I thought I would be overwhelmed but these courses made it easy to understand. I look forwards to the next course for this specialization.
This course covers all important parts of excel which everyone should know. I will definitely want to pursue the next course, only bad thing was the test, course should provide us solutions so that we can work on our mistakes.
The lectures were easy to understand and follow,. the instructors were very clear and easy to understand. I am looking forward to the next level. I managed to complete the course within the 7 day target I had set for myself.
The course is brilliant and easy to cope up with. Some of the quizzes were tedious especially the last one. But enjoyed the course overall! Definitely going to recommend it to my colleagues as self-taught Excel isn't enough!
Amazing course with well thoughtful guidance through entire course. Everything was fantastic and there is still room for improvement to upgrade this course for advanced learners. But overall appreciate the course curriculum.
I enjoy this course. i can improve my knowledge about of excel in this course. A solid overview of the core skills necessary to use Excel productively. I would recommend it to anyone looking to start using Excel effectively
The videos were good and it was so understandable. The videos being short was quite not boring and nice to see separate videos to explain each of the concepts. And also, having a practice test after each video was useful.
The work file for the final assessment has one or 2 errors (one might be because of my excel version):there are no duplicate cases - so 2 questions are wrong the pie chart doesn't work when adding the data to stats sheet
This is the best Excel course that I have done.  I did a 2 hr introductory course about 20 years ago and I did an online course elsewhere last year.  Thank you for showing options for both Excel for PC and Excel for Mac.
The learning objectives are below my level, so I've rated it ****. I think I skipped almost all practice videos - I'm sure I could learn quite a load of tricks. I guess I'll review them, one day. Thx, Nicky and Prashan.
It was an experience to say the least, I am happy and pleased with the knowledge level after completing the course .  Very pleased with the instructors and the pep talks in the video , great way to encourage completion.
I Liked this course,this course is very useful for those people who never used excel and starting to learning excel. but sometimes it show wrong answer  which i submitted.But overall this course is very useful for me.
all the basic essential learning material is covered. the alternating lecture videos and practice quiz helped for better and thorough understanding. Homework material ( optional ) is also available for more practice.
This course is very effective for beginners to clear their concept; how excel is used in day to day life in a business organization. This course help me in that way and make me advanced me to learn advanced excel.
Excel is a lot more challenging than I expected. So much I didn't know. But i like how the course progresses step by step and assesses you along the way.  SO one has chance to practice and ingrain what is learned.
Very useful and understandable course. They have paid good attention to making it valuable and easy to comprehend ar the same time. Could do better with explaining compatibilities across different Excel versions.
It was one of the greatest courses I ever been learned, Course instructor was amazing and they created very good quizzes and practical questions and definitely it will make other sean keen in the field of excel.
Wish it you could take the course as an un-audited course without a certificate but it was a really great foundational Excel course. I feel like I learned so much and I have a lot of previous Excel experience.
The course was very good and I would recommend it to anyone needing to get started with Excel or to anyone needing a refresher whom also wants to use it as a jumping off point for more in-depth Excel learning.
Contains all the basic knowledge and is well explained in the videos. At times the course is incredibly tedious but it contains everything required to help you attain a good working knowledge of basic excel.
Excellent course very clear and to the point. Easy to follow with assignment sheets. Got many fine tips except the Japanese Excel Format artist. Completely out of context one star down. The course is awesome
Good Structured course. It would be nice if there is a place to access the same Excel program in the course. I struggle in some areas where I have limited access to the Excel program on my end. Thank you
Took a lot less than the time suggested, but learned as much as I'd hoped! Some of the explanation videos were a bit long and some of the exercises tedious, but that is to be expected every now and then.
Thank you very much for the presentation and the explanation method.
They were in a clear way ,I benefited from you and learned many things that I did not know how to use before  and I was very enjoyable
It's been absolute fun learning the Excel skills for Business Essentials. The way they elaborate everything in a precise way. Will definitely follow up through the advanced course of this learning path.
This course was very informative and comprehensive, for those of us that use Excel but "learned on the go" it is ideal to refresh knowledge and add to already missing vital steps. I highly recommended.
A good first course in excel, with right amount of content. Even though I knew most of it already, still learnt quite a few things going though the course quickly. The tests are good and comprehensive.
I think I have learned basic Excel skills from this course.  This course is the best course for students who begins new to Excel. If you want to learn basic Excel skills, you should take this course.
Theres not the same shortcuts for every country and in my case i goy confused by that but in everything else it was amazing. The time in each video is perfect it's not too long as in others courses
I Sahil Narang from UIAMS(Panjab University)  Declare that this course is really helpful & I'm thankful for providing me with this opportunity to learn excel skills from such a great university.
Course is easy to follow and the practice challenges are good to help things sink in. A bit too much fluff i.e. introductions and wrap-up videos which repeat themselves, but easy to skip those!
"Practice makes Permanent" ,that's the key. Macquarie University is teaching us in a very easy manner. You get it in the first time itself. thanks for the course. Thanks for ninja tips too. <3
This course was great. Very helpful and a super easy format to follow each week. Id recommend for anyone who is new to Excel and feels frightened by it as I did at the beginning of the course.
This course is so much amazing.In future this course play a vital rule in my life.i learn many new things by this course.The instructor of this course is so much friendly and expart teachin.
I often had to use Excel for assignments in university but I never really learned how to use it. I think this course gave me a good foundation to work confidently with Excel in the future.
It was truly amazing learning. It helped me to understand excel. Topics were explained clearly. It was learning by doing.   Some topics need more explanation. It was wonderful experience.
For the basic level, the course is excellent for beginners. The course is well explained and in easy English. If you aren't fluent in English than no problem, you can understand easily.
Great course! I knew a lot of the material already, but it still filled some holes in my knowledge. Also, being able to follow along with the downloadable files made all the difference.
Excellent course for those who are not familiar with Excel. Definitely recommend. I do think that the version that is being taught is different from the one available with office 365.
i am so grateful to have an opportunity to learn about excel which is most widely used .i have improved so much and gain confidence in this software.thank you so much for supporting
Great course for beginners. One can learn everything from basics and can make themselves good enough to compete in the market. Looking forward to doing other courses in Excel here.
Needs a bit of an update with the Mac software updates but overall a good course to teach the basics. The videos are often helpful and the quick tips are also useful. Good overall.
The course was very helpful for a beginner using excel . All the basic use of Excel has been clearly explained and the assignments and exercises were exciting. Thanks a lot.
course was designed for very beginners, but actually its not efficient for me because i have already some sort of excel knowledge i'll enroll in advance excel so i may excel
The course was really helpful to grasp the basics of Excel. The training videos were short and precise which makes it easy and can be require not more than 15 minutes a day.
method and the way of teaching is really interesting and well structured. I really enhanced my skills and learnt so many shortcuts and interesting methods to make work easy
It was a best learned course on course era . Each and every topic is such that it results in learning and practicing the topics of EXCEL. I loved the way tutor's taught us.
Its been a great experience going trough essential excel concepts for business. What a nice content....And a nice instructors. I cannot wait to learn intermediary concepts
The course was really helpful and the experience was great too. Though the feedbacks were not as helpful as I expected them to be, I hope future feedbacks will be better.
some of functions those i could not find in my laptop described by you reamined unanswered. afterall it was a fine and confidence building experince. thank you very much.
I honestly loved the course. I understand playing around by oneself is important to learn but despite that the quizzes were a little tricky. Anyway, highly satisfied :)
A great course demonstrates solid excel skills for beginners or for those who already have some experience working with excel managing data for small to mid-size firms.
Its my pleasure to go with Macquarie University and complete the course. As a beginner, i found really helpful but i think graph chart should be more focused in detail.
It's a well taught class but it truly is for an excel beginner. If you know how to make charts or the basic excel functions then I would move straight to Intermediate I
The course was good. it was informative and easy to follow. I would have given 5stars but the videos were slightly dry. However the content was good for novice users.
It's really simple if you already have some experience with excel, though, the way it's being taught is a good way. I am looking forward to the more advanced levels.
my experience is wonderful by learning to this course i get to understand the basic of Ms excel which is very beneficial for the understanding the corporate culture
Good course. Very organized and the assessments, though tedious at times, really well positioned. I can say that I've improved my Excel skills. Thanks bunches, Dave
it was a helpful course to learn new excel tricks and improve the existing knowledge. I recommend it to everyone who wants to start learning excel as a first time.
I already have a basic understandimg of Excel but I did learn a few features, like hiding the tool bar and adding items to the favorite tool bar.  So far, so good.
Honestly speaking the course has been great. They showed everything in details and in all possible ways which has been of great convenience for beginners like me.
Its very easy to learnAs i had no knowledge about excel,this course helped me so much in my learning.Videos and other stuffs are very easy to catch with my mind.
I would have liked more focus on formulas and such, but this is a great course to understand essential formatting skills that can be put to use in any situation.
There are some issues with the formatting or rounding of numbers for answers on the tests. Other than that I really enjoyed the course and got a lot out of it!
Very good course not only for beginners but for others who are using without proper training. Only feedback I have is to revisit the questions of few segments.
Pretty basic stuff, maybe a few shortcuts learned, but overall if you're in Excel in a daily basis, most of the info should be considered refreshers at best
I can learn from this course several important term of excel.Thanks all of you (founder) and my varsity teachers who make this platform available   for us.
A highly recommended course. the course goes on a low pace and almost touches all the basic aspects of excel which help you familiarize with the software.
The course was planned very well and explained well too. One suggestion is to make some quizzes timed as it will help us be more concentrated and focused.
Excellent study materials and practice videos. I have gained a lot of practical knowledge. I will definitely try the next course in this specialization.
Great introduction to Excel and helpfully fills in gaps that are likely with those who are self-taught. Clear instruction and useful practice exercises.
Easy to understand course material and helps you get a basic understanding of the course. You get to explore a variety of features excel has to offer.
It is a really well prepared and presented course. Its very basic course but yet learned a lot. I am very excited to go for the specialization course.
This is an excellent course which helps to learn the basic functions of Excel. I would highly recommend this course for those beginning with Excel.
Very good Cousre...!Enjoy a lot in this course and also learn many new things in this courseThank you sir, for making this course available online.
This course is meant for people who have never touched Excel. It's good to strengthen your basic foundation to move forward to more advance course.
Very Well compiled course to set foundation in Excel . Would strongly recommend the course for the young professionals and students in university
The course was excellent but given that I am not from Australia, I feel certain questions were redacted in a confusing manner for the final exam.
The course covers of the basics and essentials of Excel in a very layman format that is very easy to understand and apply in real life situations
This course is really helpful and essential for the user, just as its title. Worth to practice and apply in the daily tasks to foster your work.
Excellent course and the way of learning is awesome. Throughout course i have enjoyed a lot. Thanks a lot for arranging such a wonderful course.
Excellent. Whilst I was already knowledgeable in some parts of Excel, this course helped refine those skills and taught me more than I expected.
Excellent Learning. Never knew that calculations can be so easy with the help of excel. Suggest few look up tools like V-look up in this course.
I am very much delighted by your support and help in building skills in excel. i got to learn from minor details to making charts and diagrams.
Great course I really enjoyed it thank you so much. I have worked with excel for many years but I learned so many new functions and short cuts.
I had basic knowledge in excel while working, now i came to know the uses of all the buttons on top of my excel sheet which i never use before
learned basics of excel, helpful for all those who are gona work someday in for someone or for self. I recommend all my friends to this course
Truly amazing module. It would be more efficient if you could make it 1:1 interface so that the students could even approach you for help. :)
The tutors were clear. All lessons were properly arranged, ensuring that the initial lessons were building blocks to the more difficult ones.
Well considered course, with bite size testing and information pieces, incremental learning, many opportunities for revision, clearly taught.
GREAT EXPERIENCE WITH THIS .I LEARNED SO MANY THINGS .ALL VIDEOS , PRACTICE QUIZZ ARE WELL STRUCTURED. PROPER DETAIL GIVEN ABOUT EVERYTHING
You need to explore more, the content of the video just tell the basic. So, you need explore by your self. But overall is good, thank you.
Really liked the structure of the course, the way they boosted your moral. It is pretty good to get a strong grasp on the basics of excel.
i have the latest version of excel so some of the features weren't on the newer version which caused me to struggle in the assessments .
THIS IS REALLY HELPED ME SOO MUCH TO GET THROUGH EXCEL VERY EASILY. THANK YOU MR.PRASANTH AND MS.NICKY FOR MAKING EXCEL VERY INTERESTING
this course is amazing, i enjoyed it very well and the course facilitators has designed the very well mannered and made it easy for all!
Learned some addition skills, but was very basic. I would still recommend starting with this course as it does solidify the foundations.
Thank you fr teaching this Now looking forward to further bolster my confidence in this with advanced parameters and functions of excel.
Very Informative for beginners, it was a nice refresher for me who's been working in Excel for years to learn about new basic features.
This is a wonderful way to review your basics in Excel. Just make sure you are not using the OUTLOOK Excel; Business365 should be okay.
Very useful, with simple and concise examples. You will need to practice to gain familiarity and proficiency, but it is not difficult.
I've been learned a lot from this basic course which let me know basic excel skills. I can't wait to attend the next course right now.
This course is well designed with quiz, assignment and lecture. It gives immense practice to learners in getting their desired task.
very nice program.i have learn so many things from this excel program. it is useful to my day to day office work. Thank You so much.
This nicely created course teaches you the basics of Excel. The course can be quite simple for people who are using Excel regularly.
This course was well designed and in depth. It help me to brush up my skill of Excel and also course content and delivery was good.
I found some new techniques more than my prior knowledge. I hope I will get more in the next sections. I am thankful for the team.
Its excellent course. All the new beginner and experience people can do this course. this will help to enhance more excel skills.
Really a good course for the beginners.People can learn and can overcome their excel problems if they take this course seriously
I will give you a 4 because the online course syllabus overview mention only 4 weeks but in fact the course has 6 weeks in total
Some questions aren't clearly understandable which need to be rectified. Apart from that, the course modules are neatly crafted.
For beginner this is an amazing course.  As a beginner I have completed this course ans  I suggest the beginner to this course.
good course have a good grasp of excel. 4 stars because I could not do some things with my mac i.e. the find and replace stuff.
Even though I thought I was fairly experienced with Excel, I learned a lot of different functionality that I was not aware of.
It is pretty basic course to begin things with. The challenges are great, but help shouldn't have been mentioned in the sheet.
Very good course. Each and everything demonstrated and teach in a nice way. I learned a lot and got confident about my Excel.
I learned many things through this course .This course is very much helpful for the beginners to learn about microsoft excel.
the practice tests conducted after every video are a bit unclear. would prefer the language to be easier and comprehensible.
The concept of explaining the things by taking Sean into account really made me to feel like they r teaching me directly .
Great, I am working with excel since long. But this course has given me a new effective way to work with Excel. Thank You.
Thank you for taking a wonderful final assessment & quiz in the last week. It's a very helpful course for the beginners.
It is a very good course for beginners. The video lectures are very easy and more than enough to understand the concept,
As a beginner, I've learned a lot of things.I hope the course should be filled with more ninja tricks.thank you Coursera
I have worked with excel for many years and this class was able to teach me processes that can use in my every day job.
Exposed me to some interesting new tools and tips that have enhanced my Excel skills despite being an experienced user.
An awesome introduction to Excel 2016. The instructors were excellent. Hopefully, will end up purchasing a certificate.
Explanation is good but need to add the a detailed information in video regarding all the questions asked in the Test.
Great class and I learned a lot about excel.  I definitely look forward to practicing my skills through work projects.
Even for an introduction there were very good tips on things I was not aware I could do on excel regarding formatting
good, i was thinking i would complete this in a day but was tough, considering i've been using excel since a while.
Overall, a good course! It would be helpful if they could provide feedback for quizzes/exams on what you did wrong.
Informative and easy to follow tutorials and instructions. Got me familiar and comfortable with Excel very quickly.
The course is very nicely designed for beginners. The instructors are great. loved their way of explaining things.
A very good course for beginners. If I was less proficient with Excel I would certainly give this a 5 star rating.
Essential Course for all the beginners , great explantion about each topic. Very nice quiz test for each module..
It was great closing some of the basic gaps from being 'self-taught'.  I did learn quite a bit in the Essentials.
This was a really good intro course to Excel.  I'd been using Excel for years and still learned many new things.
I can gain more konwladge in Excel with this course. They are a good teachinng. It's made me easy to understand.
Course is great but still some of the essentials things like pivot tables and chart, macro, v and h look up etc
Really liked the course. Very good. Hoped to see some more advanced graphs. But otherwise it was a great course
A VERY INFORMATIVE COURSE THAT IS REALLY ESSENTIAL IN UNDERSTANDING THE BASICS OF EXCEL. DEFINITELY,  WORTH IT!
This course is very well organised . Never feel bored during this journey.Thanks to the honourable instructors.
The course is just enough to cover the basic and standard topics required for learning those basic Excel skills
a very good course helps me to know every thing about excel and how to deal effictivly with excel spread sheets
Very Good Course for one's who have no prior excel knowledge and need to master this important corporate tool.
I was truly helped with taking this Excel classes. I feel so much more confident with the knowledge I learned.
All the basics covered in this course gives a good idea of the excel. But it can be a little more elaborative.
Had A Very Great Experience ,Learned A lot of new things with basic excel skills,Enjoyed Very Much Thank You.
Simply a go-to course I have learned a lot from this course. Thanks, Coursera, thanks to Macquire University.
some of the exercises (week 4) were confusing. They could be improved. otherwise a good intro module to excel
Found it very interesting that kept me motivated, just disappointed that some shortcuts did not work for me.
Pretty basic stuff but yeah must say learned some neat clean ways to do old stuff in a professional manner
It is a great course for begginers of excel. I recommend it for everyone who wants to get to know with it!
Really helped be in learning the basics of Excel. Looking forward to take the second course of the series.
some times i got board in printing and charts as it took so much time and almost same information repeated
as the heading goes by it covers all the essential elements of excel. very helpfull course for office work
Great course to start with Excel. Many new things to learn even though I have using Excel for a long time
The time for the course could be reduced around 8 hours, or add more topics within the same time period.
A very informative course for the beginners. The instructors are good and the course is also enjoyable.
A very well paced and engaging course. However, some of the questions in the quizzes should be clearer.
Very nicely explained many small information that usually is not paid attention to by normal users also
This is almost to easy.... but, overall good content for somebody that does not know anything in Excel.
A good introduction to Excel skills. I would recommend to anyone that really needs to learn the basics.
Best ways to learn all the essentials of Excel. Great teaching methodology and excellent presentation.
Basics of Excel very well explained and with plenty of tips, shortcuts and helpful hands-on exercises.
Vey Vice course beautifully designed with the best vedios and graphics , need advance version of it .
I liked it very much. though i knew many things before i went through it again and had a good  cover.
it's a nice course but it's just a lot of time to these skills only İ think.but I thank you very much
Good course. Hopefully a certificate is not too far away unlike my previous experiences with Coursera
Good content but rather basic.If you've been using Excel for some time, move directly to intermediate
One of the best courses I found! Practical, Practice makes perfect, I have become very confident now
Thank you so much for the presentation easy to follow and a lot has been added to my knowledge base
Hi i am saurabh kumari have learn this course and i am fully satisfied with this course.thank you.
The course is excellent and final evaluation is purely practical based which is perfect for Excel.
The Course was Excellent, Gratitude to the instructors and special thanks to Macquarie University.
Very Good course to learn basics of Excel which are very useful and applicable for real life too
Great course, great teaching and easy to follow and understand the videos and practice homework.
Good material and evaluation procedure. Thanks to all the people behind preparing this material.
Thank You For The Teaching of Excel By This It Helped Me To Learn More About Excel For My Work.
This part of the course is the beginning level, please keep in  mind before taking this course.
Very practical and well explained. Easy to start with and to gain some useful excel knowledge.
excellent course for beginners . REALLY ENJOYED DOING EXCEL THANKYOU TEACHERS AND INSTRUCTORS.
This course really helped in learning about excel in a very short time.Thanks for that...   :)
Great course for beginners in MS Excel. Detailed explanation with examples and practice files.
The course material is great. The discussion videos are boring though and unnecessary, really.
Great course, very entertaining doesn't teach you much though with such a long course though.
its absolutely fantastic course its really useful or me in learn during this pandamic period
Really great videos and study materials with the best quiz covering all topics taught before
Awesome course content and teaching instructor very good. I understand every concept easily.
This is a great course for anyone that is a begineer and would like to use excel comfortably
through this course I was able to learn about different tricks to do while working on excel
I had really liked the course. It was fun with short sections and a lot of quiz to pactice.
The explanations by the girl are amazing. The guy does not give reasons why he does things.
it has been great experience to learn and explore excel , and great fun mostly assignment.
There were a few questions in the quizzes that were asked before the facts were presented.
Everyone should do this course and this course provides you all basic knowledge of Excel.
Nice course with practical explanation and exercises to ensure proper practical knowledge
It was my first online course at coursera. It was a great experiencing. Great interface.
The teaching method have made it so simple and easy to learn the excel and work with it.
Could've added few more functions, otherwise an excellent course for absolute beginners.
the voice of lecturer should be much loud otherwise the course is perfect for a beginner
Some information regarding MAC shortcuts are incorrect, but I got by alright regardless.
Was informative but more time could have been devoted towards learning the applications.
It was nice and simple to understand even for the beginners. Enjoyed Learning. Thanks!!
Good and highly  supportive to my future reporting styles and will increase my
quality
Really loved it. I learned new things that will be very useful for me. Thanks so much
I thought some aspects in quizzes and tests were definitely not covered in the lesson
It's a great experience of learning Excel with Macquarie University through Coursera.
Some weeks are focussed on really basic things but I guess it was a good refresher :)
One of the Best Course for Excel Beginner Level. I'm so happy to choose this course.
Best Course foe Beginers for Excel Learning ..... Thanks Nikki ... And Prashan ...!!
some times there are questions in practice quiz which may not be covered in lecture
Good course! A little bit expensive considerig is only the first part of a training
Good course, though there was some confusion due to XL updates and MAC adjustments
It is a useful course for learning. Best way to engage ourselves in the free time.
The explanations were really good,but it would great if the quality of the videos.
Well explained course. Even though it are just the basics they keep it compelling.
it was a really fun course. Thanks for the opportunity. it was a nice experience.
The course was extremely basic. Hoping for more difficulty in the coming courses.
A bit basic if you already have experience with Excel, but good for beginners :)
This is course is indeed helpful. but I wish it had more concepts to be covered.
Excellent course, I liked practice sheets more and last assignment is fantastic.
Best beginning level Excel class I've seen. Can't wait to start the next course.
Easy to follow, consolidated a lot of basic knowledge and even learnt some more!
One of the best courses out there. Definitely one should enroll in this course!
It was really great experience for studying excel skill for business Essentials
great course. improvement can be there by using a bit more illustrated format.
It was an enriching experience. The final Assessment was especially very good.
Learning Experience with Coursera is good. I have learnt more things in excel.
A very interesting and practice packed way to learn Excel. Kudos to everyone.
GOOD TEACHERR I LOVE IT. but sometimes the explenation its hard to understand
My experience was good and learned a lot of new things in a structured manner
Covers the basics and is great to revisit excel for those who had lost touch.
Thanks for the detailed illustration. It was nice to learn again the basics.
Hi, this course is awesome it just teaches us very nicely  from very basics.
Its a Wonderful Course to know about MS Excel and Its essential in Business
The best course to learn excel and Anyone can learn this skill from basics.
A very informative course. The videos are explained concise yet thoroughly.
This course is just about the basic excel. It actually makes me love Excel.
it was great studying excel such a best experience thanks coursera !!!!!!!
The exercises are pretty good to test the skills we learn in the lectures.
Good Learning Overall. Helped me filled the gaps that i had in basic excel
Many Question in the Quizzes are not  thought by instructors in the Videos
This course have equipped me with all the skills necessary for using Excel
It is a good course for absolute beginners who wants to learn from basic.
Would be a 5 stars without the printing section, that felt a bit useless!
This is a awesome course. Learned various functions which i was unaware.
Errors in the final test in questions about duplicates. Fix them please.
Makes me know more about Excel , improve my competition in my occupation
Final Quiz need to be reviewed, Many students was stuck in the last quiz
Solid coverage of the basics.  I look forward to the rest of the series.
dear friends,get in this course and you learn a lot about excel program.
If u literally don't know anything it's good to start from this course
I thank Macquarie University for offering the course for the students.
Though it was hard, but very helpful! Now I have basic ideas of Excel!
Perfect course for beginners who want to enhance their skill in Excel.
Content is bit lengthy. Quiz questions could have been in a better way
It is a very good course, but the chart and graphs week was too basic
Well organized, very educational, well communicative and interactive.
I have learned many important things that are essential for business.
A well-structured course designed with utmost engaging presentations.
Excellent teaching, relevant content, good work to reinforce learning
I learnt a lot. Thank you Macquarie  University. Thank you Coursera.
This course was very helpful to learn the basics of microsoft excel.
It was a good learning experience and came to know about many tools.
Good for those who want to learn EXCEL for boosting up their Career!
Very Good course with lot of practicing exercises for beginners !!!
Videos and Quiz are really helpful to learn , practice and practice
The course is really useful and increase my knowledge in MS Excel .
It is a very benefited course for all who wants to do well in Exel
It's so helpful. I could learn a lot of exceptionals through this.
Very useful to start with excel or fix your foundations with excel
it's very useful to me i learned a lot in this course ... thank u
I have learnt so much important excel knowledge from this course
Essential tools are well explained. Lots of Exercise in between.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course.Thank-you for the quality content!
Good course for a refresh of basic knowledge. Maybe a bit long.
Coursera given me financial aid I am thankful to coursera team.
A great course to learn all about the basics of Microsoft Excel
This course is for beginners.  Excellent introduction to excel.
It is a good course for the beginners with proper explanations.
Really great Experience. Got lot more to learn. Really usefull
It's good,but in the week 6 there is tools not adjust ms. 2007
It was very informative and interesting, had a very nice time.
Very helpful with the basics. A must need for every beginner.
very useful course i am so interested to start the next level
The course was good..Needed More explanations,in few topics..
Videos can be a bit monotonous, but I did learn quite a lot.
its really fun playing with excel and also learning stuffs!!
It's a very good course, but it need to be updated a little.
It is a little bit too long for being an essentials course.
Excellent Course studied. Trust it will enhanced my skills.
Course structure was good. But the sessions were very basic
Simple and everything basic is touched. Quiz helped a lot .
Very Unique Course. Very Helpful To Learn Excel Creatively.
Very functional exercises and an awesome teaching scheme!!
It was nice experience and i've learned so many things ...
very good learning experience, with practical applications
A good course i.e. in accordance to todays business needs
Learnt some really useful basic tips I did not know about
Thank you very much for giving valuable lectures for me.
The course is great, but some little things were broken.
very good content and equally good practice assignments
It's easy enough for the basic. I'll try the next level
The course of extremely useful but to many assessments
It's very important and helpful for beginner learners.
very intuitive and inviting to contribute and practice
Nice and easy course with much useful information...😍
I think the course was really engaging and productive.
this is extremely good and helpful for new excel users
Good course.Especially the questions teach you a lot.
Excercises were helpful for me.. Thank you Coursera.
Best for Beginners for start with all practical uses
Very helpful and easily explained thanks to mentors.
The best course and taught by the best in the world.
Great course! Did not always agree with the marking.
I learn more about function and how i treat with it
Is a great course for people that never used Excel.
I have learned a lot.It was very great experience.
Its has been a great experience to do this course.
Not up to date. Be careful about dots and comma's.
A Very good course to learn basic skills for excel
it was very much help for the professional world
it has been hard mostly in page breaks and print
the video lecture is not fully included the exam
Very nice basics that you will for shure apply.
This course teach me more than what I expected.
Great to learn excel skills from home. Thanks !
I have learned many thing tricks I didn't know.
Very basic course for beginners but taught well
Too basic and easy, I hope VBA can be included,
it is so helpful to understand every operation
many shortcuts which might help in the future!
there should a doubt clearing portal as well.
For a basic start best course one can pursue.
very well structured course for the beginner
Very interesting and helpful for a beginner.
Few answer being correct , its showing wrong
It's wonderful to learn in a systematic way.
ITS VERY INTERESTING TO LEARN FROM COURSERA.
Very good, some more options can be explored
Concise and clearly explained. Thank you!!!
very helpful and easy way of learning excel
the final examination could be done better.
thank you, Coursera and the faculty members
amazing for recollecting your excel skills
Sometimes, I feel stress by assigments kkk
I like this kurs.Thank you for everthing😍
Simple and effective introduction to Excel
This course is super useful for beginners
its been a great platform to learn things
A great course for picking up your basics
Very knowledgeable and informative course
Very good, but really only the basics :)
Definitely show you what you don't know!
Challenging but progressive and doable.
Nice course, Well done for beginners!!!
Very awesome instructors, I must say!
Very well structured learning format.
It is quite useful and fun to learn.
Had great fun in learning! thank you
plzz make the assesment qstns easier
Pretty easy to learn and fast course
Great introductory course for excel.
Good material and easy for beginners
The Course  is pretty tedious though
It was a good experience. Thank You
Could be more advanced for interest
Very easy to follow. Good examples.
Quite basic but very easy to follow
Thanks for teaching in easy method
All concepts very nicely explained
the best course for learning excel
A lot to learn  about basic excel.
I love every section of the course
The course is helpful and thorough
I enjoyed it and learned a lot!!!
Good Course for basic excel terms
Final assessment was a bit tough.
Good Instructor and good material
Nice presentation easy to go thru
This final exam .... really? smh
Easy and straight-forward course
good course for learning basics.
I actually enjoyed this course!
Good classes and learned a lot.
good materials and  Assessments
it is very good for beginners
This course is really helpful
it really enhance your skill
Great course. A lot to learn
Very good basic excel course
Perfect course for beginners
It is for Basic Excel users.
practical and easy to follow
Quite helpful for beginners.
Good course for basic excel
This Course is very helpful
good explanations provided!
fairly knowledgeable course
Good initial phase learning
Excellent refresher course.
Great course for the begin
It was really very helpful
Very useful 👍Thanked him
its good but its too long
Great learning site ever.
great learning experience
Really good for beginners
great learning experience
Very good, but very basic
i enjoyed the course ...
Very Informative Course!
good learning from their
The course was excellent
Good basic to start with
Nice Learning Experience
Good coverage of subject
thankyou i learnt alot!
really good as a start!
Helped fill gaps in pr
It was a Great course
good way of teaching
Too much discussions
Fantastic ..Good job
I enjoyed learning!
Wow! This is great.
Nicely paced intro!
Need more contents
It was worth it !
Thanks a lot! :-)
Really helpful 😊
5 star rated guys
very good cource
It's not advance
wonderful course
Easy to learn..
good and useful
good for bascis
Great learning!
Very cool, thx
Very useful!!
LIKED IT !!!!
tough course
very Useful
It's good
Perfecto
This course is simply awesome. If you really want to learn something worthy, then this course is for you. It has no answers anywhere to copy, so we have to work hard on it and practice the material.
A great course for beginners in MS Excel. Introduces one to the various functionalities that Excel has to offer. Course content and structure are excellent and helps one to learn at an optimal rate.
An excellent course for anyone wanting to learn excel. I promise you that you shall learn something even if it's a basic operation like copy and paste. Well explained, and properly structured course.
This course demonstrated a solid overview of the core skills necessary to use Excel productively. I would recommend it to anyone looking to start using Excel effectively for data management tasks.
Practice make permanent is the true line .this line I'm also keep in mind sir.It's very very helpful and the video presentation is really awesome.simple language and more information.thanks for these.
The course was defiantly more than I expected. It not only strengthened what I did know about Excel but it showed me several options that I was not using or haven't found. I would highly recommend it.
Amazingly crafted course with interactive sessions that pushes you to work things out and practice. Practice makes permanent at all costs. Must do course for getting to know the basic stuff in excel.
this course is amazing, the way of teaching, step by step, no complicated information at once, great knowledge for the learner different backgrounds. it suits me very well. Like it.
This is an amazing course for learners. I am having a lot of fun completing this course from the starting point. It is very much enjoyable and the way the course teachers deliver every lecture superb.
I have no experience at all with Excel but after this wonderful course, i was able to pick it up pretty quickly! No more being intimated by being asked to have excel experience on job applications!
It's a very helpful course for me as I got to know how much I learned via my work experience and what all other things I need to learn to improve my excel skills. Content and syllabus is amazing.
Amazing course,I would like to highlight some of its amazing attributes:>> Learning from the basic to advanced  level : The course takes you on an adventurous voyage from basic tools to advanced and  In-depth knowledge of each tool.>> Quiz after each videos : The best practice to test your knowledge is to take a quiz. Each quiz is a combination of  task and MCQ with not a boring or dull direct questions but in fact, are loaded with fun and application knowledge-based questions >> Assignments  : After each week progress, an assignment is provided to practice which is the best way to explore and apply knowledge gained in the module. They are based on continuous practice and reflection of knowledge .
Excellent course for either refreshing Excel basics or for Excel novices. The course is well-organized, well-paced, has clear and too-the-point videos and additional material. There are good exercises to do before the assessments each week and before the final assessment. As a regular Excel user, I enjoyed the extra Ninja tips and learnt new things by knowing more short-cuts so as to work more efficiently. The course presents only the basics so you need to do the follow-up course before becoming a Excel Jedi. The only "dark side" comes from Microsoft which does not give full functionality to the Office for Mac users and this is also affecting the use of Excel. The course focuses primarily on Windows users, though compared to other Excel courses (on EdX), in this course the Excel Jedi lecturers are providing also suggestions how the various Excel functions etc. work or work differently or do nit work  in a Mac environment. The forum provides also tips from other students.
I would like to thank the teachers at Macquarie University for this course. The modules are logically structured, and the explanations are quite detail-oriented with enough examples and practice files, making it possible for the learner to do what one of the instructors, Prashan often says during the course: "practice makes permanent". I have never had a formal course in Excel usage and this course is helping me fill major gaps in my knowledge. This is recommended for all in business and academia, since Excel is one of the major tools used in the world today. We are constantly bombarded by the need to understand AI, Machine Learning and IoT, but the first thing we must to do, is simply to be able to make a flawless spreadsheet on Excel.
Very good teaching of fundamentals. Everything was explained in a really structured manner. Final assessment was like cherry on the cake as it helped in revisiting what has been taught over the weeks.
Very comprehensive. Taught in a friendly and easy way. I was sure I retained skills with the final exam.
I highly recommend this course to anybody needing to learn Excel from scratch or even if you're experienced with it but want to brush up your skills. The format is great! There are mini goal-oriented videos to watch and exercise tasks to follow along with, then there are quizzes to take as well as Excel sheets to work with to test and check if you've actually obtained the knowledge. It's not just, "do this, follow along, yay, next lesson." It's, okay, you've followed along, now try this exercise on your own and here's the result you should get if you do it right. If you watch all of the videos, do the exercises, take the quizzes, and even read the ninja tips and read the supplemental articles, I honestly feel like you'll develop a wonderful foundation to build up off of in Excel. I'm super excited that I took this course and cannot wait to follow up and check out the subsequent courses. Best of luck guys, I highly recommend this course!
This is an amazing Excel Course. Both teachers are pretty excellent. They Excel course is easy to understand. It is designed for beginners. I would suggest it to students of any age. I will consider recommend it to my parents or grandparents that find technology and any computer software difficult to deal with. I like how the teachers introduce Sean as a case for this course. I felt like Sean every week and as this invisible character was learning so was I.  This course has quizzes and challenges which I enjoyed and as the teacher always tell us  "Practice makes Permanent" . I will continue practicing everything i have learned here. Thank you very much Coursera and thanks for my two beloved teachers of this course. Needless to say, both teachers through the videos express support , understanding and love. Thank you
A very well detailed and well explained course for those who have no experience in working with Excel. The instructors Prashan and Nicky has done an awesome job. The quiz and assignments are well structured to test your understanding of the subject and add to your knowledge base. Would recommend this course to those too who are well versed with Excel as there is always something new to learn. The video and sound quality is very good. Course is well paced and not too fast, gives enough time to understand the concepts and apply them. The attached workbooks with each video are of great help to practice what you are learning. Don't forget - Practice makes permanent. To all those who have completed this course - #EveryoneSayWow.
This is my favorite course of all that I took at Coursera. Very convenient presentation of the material, especially for people who are not easily given work in software. Despite the fact that this is the first part of four in this specialization, it gives a lot of skills to carry out many office projects. I already ordered the rest. Thank you, you inspired me to start a career in a new direction.
This course provides a good foundation of skills for Excel, additionally it can fill in a few gaps in your knowledge if you're a self taught Excel user already.
I advise anyone who wants to learn Excel to get this course, it has been useful for me, thanks to all instructors.
Very well narrated
Great course, but only for those that Don't have any skills and experience with Excel, it might be a little to easy for those who have already worked with it.
Fantastic Explanation. Trust me if we want to learn Excel, go for this course powered by Macquarie University.
I am familiar with using Excel, however, I want to take the Specialization module, and I have to finish this Essentials course first. So this is a review from an intermediate Excel user.1) After taking the course, I actually know more tips to use Excel faster.2) The lecture videos are very informative and easy to follow. I always put a 1.75x speed on :) (Not sure whether the lecturer was too slow or I were too fast). And they also have subtitles. If English is not your native language, or your listening skill is not advanced, you can watch the subtitles while following the lectures.3) This course is easy to me. Once again, it only delivers the basics, and for beginners. 4) The course provides you with all the materials needed, and a summary of short-cuts and lectures in a week. 5) I can finish this course in 2 days. So I hope that it could be more challenging. To sum up, it is a nice experience :)
For the most part I am self-taught Excel user.  I was formally trained to use SPSS and ArcGIS while in university, but not Excel.  I began using Excel for ease of use purposes, especially when sharing output with persons who did not have SPSS or ArcGIS.  Excel eventually became the primary program I use and at work I am considered one of the more advanced users.  However, I was very much aware there were gaps in my knowledge.  This course has effectively gone about answering that.  It is an ideal course for the self taught heavy Excel user.  I highly recommend doing the course.  The material is easy to understand, an easy read and the tests are good practice,
I am very happy with the quality of the course.The lecturers were very friendly, easy to understand, and got their points across about different Excel related things very clearly.The subjects covered were very well suited for the beginner level, and the practice challenges and assessments just enough challenging to not allow the learners become complacent.I found the course very useful although I had some basic knowledge of Excel before because I had a lot of holes in what I previously learned, and therefore my previous knowledge was incomplete and not well structured.I will definitely be taking the intermediate course as well! Thank you very much!
As a Mac user on Excel 2019, I found this course to be exceptionally well taught as well as relevant to the newer excel version (and of course mac). The instructors are easy to listen to and lessons are broken down into small chunks. The on-screen keyboard tips specific to Mac helped a lot, though there will be times when you need to look up alternatives e.g. my mac doesn't have function keys 1-12 so I needed to use different shortcuts. I would highly recommend this course for someone completely new to excel.
I was very eager to learn from this course as I knew the benefits it would bring for me in the long run. The course material has been summed up in such an exquisite way that there's no need to worry about anything. The course instructors were very knowledgable about the course. I would recommend everyone to take this course as Excel is an important tool that is useful in our career. And one most important thing that I have learned is that "Practice makes Permanent"
I am mostly a self-taught Excel user, but after completing this course I can say that I was able to bring out a lot of useful tips and importante knowledge (like the fill handle thingy!). The teachers also motivate you through challenges and ninja tips to help you learn Excel through practice ("because practice makes permanente"). This is the first of the four courses I've completed, and I am already starting the second course.
The course was excellent. I came into it with an embarrassingly low level of ability and now I'm comfortable and quick producing useful and attractive spreadsheets for work. I'm dyslexic and yet I found the layout of the course very easy to follow and understand. My favourite thing was being able to save useful parts of the video's throughout the course, then review just those points before taking the exam. Thanks!
Excel Skills Essential Course is outstanding expertise online learning,
with a clear and effective lecturesvideos,  practice quizzes, download workbook, so we  can master Excel skills. “because practice makes permanent”.Thank you Coursera and  Macquarie University Business School’s Corporate
Trainers. #EveryoneSayWow.
Great first course, thanks a lot for such a great preparation work ! It's interactive, clear, user-friendly and fun. I have learnt a lot, even though I am not a beginner with Excel. I'm looking forward to following the 3 other courses.
Whaoh!!! This course was worth every penny. Easy to understand videos. Excellent coordinators. Great challenges and assessments to reinforce what was learnt in the video. Thank you, Macquarie University. Thank you, Coursera.
This course was really interesting in the way it was delivered along with practices, and the tips and tricks are very knowledgeable and helpful. I would definitely refer my colleagues to this course.
It was very thorough and educational and it was a great course for helping me to become familiar with excel and a great platform for building confidence using excel with large data spreadsheets.
It is hard to think that there is a better teacher that Dr. Breyer, she is a natural born teacher and I am impressed by her loving and articulate style of instruction. She is also very cute :)
Excellent Cours for beginners! The videos are well explained and the the Practice Challenge really puts theory into practice. I'm really surprised everything I accomplished in only 6 weeks :D
Very well structured course. Straight to the point tutorials. The challenges given at the end of each week reinforce the concepts learnt through the week! In a nutshell, it's simply amazing!
It was great for new learners.since i knew all this ,so it was just a practice session for me. I have done my revision ,looking forward for the next.
This course is fun and very informative with some details that I didn't know about!  I am glad that I took this course.  I am now into Course 2!
This course is very helpful for me and very easy to understand and we can easily and quickly learn excel skills from this course.
i had learned soo many useful functions which are helpful in business operations. Thank you all the tutors and coursera
This course is really awesome for the beginner to improve his/her Excel skill
I loved this course. It was easy and fun. It covered the basics of Excel.
It's really a good learning experience with hand on practice section
The course was excellent and taught a lot of basic excel tools.
Nice bite size lessons help in learning quickly.
Learned a few tricks I never knew before.
The best online course.
Coursera is the best way to learn online. I like how I can
access courses that are held in real universities around the world. The course
material was easy to follow along with the instructor. I am very grateful to
Nicky Bull, Dr Prashan, A / Professor Yvonne Breyer instructors from Macquarie
University.I am 55 years old and my profession is a school teacher. It
is easy for me to solve other complex examples from mathematics integral,
trigonometric equations, and the like. There were no computers in schools at
that time. We didn't know about Excel, Word, Programming languages, Pascal,
Basic and so on. When I was in university, I was interested in programming
mathematical examples in the Fortran programming language. As a talented
student, I was invited to study at Moscow and St. Petersburg universities.
Because of my family circumstances, I turned down an offer to study at such
prestigious universities. Now there are great opportunities for young people.
Talented students at our school want to study at Coursera. But some found it
difficult to master. To understand the reason, I also started studying and got
a certificate. It was a little difficult at first. Because I have a good understanding
of mathematics, I made sure to translate the questions in English into Uzbek
with a 100% guarantee. They understand English well, but do not understand
sentences involving scientific terms. That is, even an expert who can speak
English well will misinterpret sentences involving a scientific term. So I
understood them. I can create complex algorithms in older programming
languages. Now I think I should be able to easily learn modern Python
programming language in the courseera and then I will take the next Excel
course. It’s a lot of fun for me to compete with young people.I just wanted to thank again all the people who have been
working so hard to deliver great courses on Coursera.
This course was GREAT, I am so pleased in the information and the manner in which it was taught.  I actually completed it and understood what I learned but was so upset with myself being the one question I missed was because when I selected my formatting for currency I inadvertently selected the one with a comma in it and it was very clearly stated what the format should be.  I had the answer correct but that one dumb mistake.  What I took away from that mistake however is the importance of ensuring that what you do in Excel carries over and if you are not careful your information can be  altered with one slip of the finger.  Do I regret my error of course I am a perfectionist, however I took away a lesson with it so it was a valuable mistake.  The instructors were very knowledgably and I feel what I needed to obtain from this class was received.  I thank you for the opportunity and  look forward to taking additional courses on line when I am employed.  I would highly refer this process of learning to my friends, family and co-workers.
This is a very well organized, excellently presented, top quality course. I highly recommend it. I already know some Excel and regularly use Power Query to query Oracle and SQL Server databases and generate pivot tables. Yet I learned many new things from auditing just week 1 of the course. I love the pace. There is a short video and then a graded quiz, then more videos and more quizzes. The quizzes sometimes covered material that was not in the videos. I suppose this is intentional to make the students learn to find things out themselves. I downloaded the exercises as Excel workbooks. The exercises are very well thought out. I thought the instructors would have Australian accent and I would have problem understanding them. I was wrong. They spoke perfect American English with no accent. Coursera would not grade the quiz at the end of the week unless I pay to upgrade, but this does not bother me because I can check my own work. I look forward to finishing the course and taking the other courses in the series.
I would class myself as quite a competent Excel user, but (as most probably like most!), all self taught with little or no 'formal' qualifications.  So I wanted to follow a specialization route to gain these 'approved competencies).  Having followed other online training before, I can honestly say that the presentation both in terms of delivery and content is as good as I've ever seen.  Really well constructed, with a plan and focus to take you from week 1 to week 6.  Great structure that builds upon the previous weeks knowledge  and also contains detailed examples with enough data content that allows you to 'play' around and practice.  It delivers on it's essentials tagline, as the topics are relevant and focused to provide a great base to 'overcome' any fears of using Excel, so that you can build upon good knowledge in the workplace.From start to finish one of the best online courses that i've ever seen and participated in.
One of the best courses on Coursera. The syllabus is so perfectly designed.I thought i knew the basics of Excel but only once when you undergo formal training you know that there's lot in Excel which I never thought about. I came to know about this in the beginner's course only, then just think about the rich high-quality content in the other courses in this specialization. The teachers are fantastic. The instructor for this course is only Nicky Bull Mam but Yvonne Breyer Mam and Prashan Karunarate Sir will also teach in further courses in this specialization. All three are excellent above-par teachers and leave no scope for doubts. Do take the practice challenge and quizzes because much extra-information is given there. Excel is all about practice and exploring. Prashan Sir will make sure to get this into our heads.
Really learned quite a bit about Excel and while learning I enjoyed it. For that credit goest to both the instructors who are excellent and made a bit difficult topic easy to understand. So perfect score for them. Also course is well structured and modules are good mix of text and video lessons and practical exercises.  One suggestion I would really want to share that while on such platform 'Forum' works well but for one's queries he/she might have to wait endlessly. So there should be some mechanism to resolve one's query/problem. For that matter if some very good answers by participants/moderators are readily availabe say 2 years back than that response should appear against that query. It should not go unanswered. But overall a good begining into the world of spreadsheets!
This course is, in one word, awesome! Even if you think you know Excel, you never know ;)The course is elegantly designed. At the start of every week, the instructors sit together and explain what the learners will be coming across in the coming week. The explanations in the lectures are nice and vivid. All the Excel courses out there have seasoned instructors and all of them have ample knowledge to share. But what actually sets this course apart, from all the other courses, is that the exercises are comprehensive and when you complete those exercises, you are already using the tools, which you may have forgotten if you didn't go through. Excellent primer for any one wanting to learn Excel. It is equally good for anyone who thinks he needs some polish in his basics.
Very impressive, the sessions are a very good introduction to Excel skills for business! The tutors are excellent at explaining terminologies effectively and it is easy to understand. The detailed explanations throughout this course has definitely enabled me to become more proficient in using excels tools and I have learnt loads more even though I have used Excel before this course. Thank you! It is also very easy to learn and follow the tutors instructions and practice along using the videos, exercise workbooks and also practice questions. Overall, I feel encouraged to learn more and I thank everyone involved for making this course. I encourage anyone looking for an introduction to Excel or to improve core Excel skills to take this course, it is very worthwhile!
I really enjoyed taking this course. The curriculum was direct and to the point. The material covered in my opinion was relevant to how Excel is being used in today's company's.  The practice videos, and the quiz that followed each lesson was really helpful. Thanks  Coursera and Macquarie University for providing the course to those of us who are looking to increase their knowledge and skill level. I'm very optimistic about securing employment that requires me to utilize Excel daily and fill confident about executing the various tasks to complete effective spreadsheets/reports, charts and graphs, etc. Dare I ask  Coursera to find another resource that offers the chance to learn advance to expert level Excel Skills and knowledge. Again, thank you so much!!
I am more than happy to express my hole journey during this course. Its amazing as well as comprehensible . The course has the ability to meet all the needs of novices and also freshers. Excel skills for business course has provided all desired stuffs which I looking for.The presentations are very nice and easy to understand. This is a very nice and effective way to work on learned elements in excel through practice quizzes. At the end of every module self test for getting grade is very worthy for ascertainment of our actual position after practicing throughout the week.I personally have been very benefited from this course.Needless to say , I highly recommend this course to complete successfully.
This course was very well understandable and helped me brush up on my knowledge of Excel from grade school in the 90s. I've had to use Excel at different times at work and it always took forever for me to figure out charts, filtering, sorting, hiding and unhiding, etc. Now, I feel much more confident and quick. Plus, I learned so many new tools in such a short period of time. The course was so entertaining that it was always hard to say enough for today! Nicky and Prashan did a great job and are a great team! The quizes were difficult enough to make you have to think, but not too difficult if you work through the exercises. Thank you very much! I'm looking forward to the next course already!
FANTASTIC course! This course has given me the skills which will be useful in my career in management. The course is designed in a perfect manner : right from the basics with increasing difficulty. But, the instructor did a brilliant job by teaching in a lucid and friendly manner. The course contents and especially the workbooks were very instrumental in the learning process. Practice assignments were very good. And last but not the least, the final course assignment was a tough nut as it used every skill that is learnt throughout the course duration. I would love to re-visit this course again to brush up my newly learned basic skills in Excel. Thanks Coursera and Macquerie University!
This course on Microsoft Excel is simply an excellent one !! I have been using Excel from the past 10 years or so, but it was just that I wasn't  utilizing the full potential of this very powerful tool !! I By successfully completing this course, I feel that I have mastered all the essentials which I can utilize to move ahead in my career... All thanks to the superb and very knowledgeable Instructors Nicky Bull, Prashan Karunaratne from Macquarie University, Sydney, Australia & Coursera for such a wonderful course ! I have made hand-written notes of about 15 pages to remember the invaluable knowledge & skills which I have learnt. Now I can say that '"Practice Makes Permanent !!" :-)
Fantastic Course, Intricately prepared and More practical...!!!Since I am a beginner to Excel without having any prior experience in Excel, I signed for this course and followed the course, its workbooks and its quiz. Initially I felt it is difficult to pass, but the instructing videos pulled me back to enhance my interest. It really taught me from scratch to finally become a professional. Initially I was bit hesitant to take up Final Assessment Quiz, which had 22 questions, but I took my time and passed the final assessment in my very first attempt. Thank you very much Prashan and the lady coordinator. You took away all my fears working in Excel. My heartfelt thanks to you both.
An excellent course for beginners.In general, the videos were excellent and clear.
The shooting of the videos on some worksheets goes at an angle. I think it's better to keep the view straight on, with highlight of the focus area.
I liked the simplicity and easiness in presenting the topics and concepts.I didn't participate in the discussion forum, but I noticed that there are many threads with request for help, and there are no comments from the instructors! May be they should participate more!
The assignments could have been designed in an interactive way using Macros! 
I have done another basic course on Excel before, and Macros were used. It was really good!
I really loved this course . I have been constantly using excel for a year and I had no idea that I did not know so many thing in excel. I wish I could have seen this course before I started using excelProsThis course is easy to understand, whether you know how to use excel or not . This course have small tests after each class which usually takes around a 1 or so. There are also practice assessment which will help to test your knowledge .ConsSlightly difficult final assignment and that is all.I am not very good writer and I can't express all my gratitude for this course but for those who still hesitates whether or not take this course .Absolutely, yes  !!!
This course has empowered me with the ability to control the excel workbook using keyboard shortcuts although 80% of the knowledge presented I already knew before and the ninja tips was really helpful.Although my knowledge for this material came from using excel in every day work and learn by doing required tasks, it was great to learn in this professional presented videos and exercises, Besides I have learned new things that was missing from my day to day usage.I recommend any one thinking of learning excel skills to attend this course weather he or she is a new user or a professional.Looking forward to the next course: Excel Skills for Business.
I feel that this was one of the courses, I was waiting on for a lifetime! For a person who feared Excel for his entire life, I can assure you that by the end of the course, you will not only overcome your fears but will have a solid understanding of the concepts and have made far greater progress than learning excel online because the worksheets, tutorials, assessments are designed in a way to tackle challenges and that too at your own pace. I highly recommend this course to everyone and anyone who feels that excel is an important skill and he wants to learn either start from basics or revisit building concepts. Thanks, Coursera & Macquarie
The course was well organized. The instructors have Explained in very good pace and friendly manner. The way the instructors has explained all concepts hardly we need to view videos again. and everything is understood first time only. Another positive thing about course is the content is divided in very small videos and after each video their practice video and assignment. So this makes the course more practical and easy to understand.  The Instructors have in depth knowledge and Definitely this course will be very benificial for all students future.Good experienceOverall Excellent Course as well as Instructors. I had very  Pavan chaudhari
I would like to thank the Coursera team for providing this course. The course started from the basics which helped me to understand and clear all the tiny specifications that I was missing out like Flash fill and Autosum functionality. tutors' way of teaching is nice, the flow of speaking is easy to understand and examples and materials provided in the course are good enough to practice each point thoroghly. What impressed me a lot was the Ninja tips at the end of each week's assessment which I found extremely helpful and informative! By completing this course, I am feeling confident in implementing this taught syllabus in my routine work.
I enjoyed learning all of the new skills - and the final assessment really was challenging-and helped me to see how important it is to really know each of the skills we learned to be prepared to use Excel in a business environment. I'm going to go over sorting, filtering and conditional formatting before I go on to the new class, but I was quite pleased with how much I learned and retained overall. And the 49.00 a month fee is more than worth it, because you can really take your time with the material in order to understand how to use it and apply it to real world situations. Thanks so much for offering these classes!
Prior to taking this course, I had basic to intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Office. Microsoft Excel was always a program that I was intimidated by, because of the amount of customization and overall options in the program itself. Doctor Prashan and Doctor Nicky have shown me that with the step-by-step instructions and excellent reading and downloadable material they have provided in their on-demand education course from MACQUARIE UNIVERSITY, anyone can master and use MS Excel. Last comment would be that I feel like I am being educated, rather than being bored or intimidated. - deokumar gandharry
This course is essential for everyone who wishes to learn about the fantastic world of excel. It's a skill that can be used in day to day life, not just for work. I work for one organisation but in multiple locations. This course helped me put all my hours in one timesheet and from there generate multiple timesheets specific for each site. Before completing this course, I used to do them individually spending a lot of time, but now completing timesheets is more fun. The videos in this course are clearly presented. I decided to complete the rest series of excel courses and see what else I can learn.
Hello Sir/ Madam, I am Sanika Angal from India. I am perusing my MBA degree in Banking And Financial Services specialization from one of the renowned university in Pune. I would love to share that, this course has helped me to work on excel more confidently now. After attending 6 weeks of lectures, I have learnt very minute things in Excel and I am sure that this will help me to make my use of Excel skills in organization when I will be joining. I am thankful to you for having this online platform as it helps each and everyone to build themselves in a better way. Thankyou. And Have A NIce Day.
Though I have been using Excel for over 15 years in my career, the Excel Skills course  has been exceptional.  It has helped me to use the inbuilt tools and shortcuts in a much simpler and efficient manner.  Ever since I have started applying my learning at work, things are looking significantly better.  It has pushed my confidence level higher as I am able to accomplish excel related tasks faster and better.  Kudos to the University, the course ware is brilliantly structured with videos, practice sessions and forums in the right order and the quality of content is top notch.  Sukumaran P
The pace and articulation standards of explanation, and the sequential steps and video-narrative flow cohered well, making it easy to follow and understand the various lessons. The constant, consistent reminders to practice were also on-point. The practice exercises and assessment were also of a sufficient level to challenge, practice and learn by action. As an experienced basic Excel user woefully out of practice with the more recent versions of Excel, I think this is an excellent course for all beginners and basic users - one of the best I've taken across a few online platforms,
I found this course to be extremely informative.  The way the coursed is taught, the interactive challenges, quizzes and test are extremely useful and straight forward.  They aid in reinforcing the information which is taught.  It had been about 20 years since I took and excel course and there have been many more versions since I originally encountered excel; and since that point most of my knowledge was self taught.  I have walked away feeling more confident and knowledgeable on a basic excel level.  I would highly recommend both this course and Macquarie University. Thank you!
Excellent course. I signed up for a similar course in a community college (not knowing Coursera was offering it too, should have checked) but the quality of this course is significantly better. I learned more here. The data files are very helpful and both Nicky and Prashant make the learning experience very interesting. The final assessment test was challenging towards the end. I have already signed up for the Intermediate I session and I am loving it. It is challenging to say the least right from Week 1. I wish more such courses were offered for MS Word and MS PowerPoint.
This is the first time I get excited about Excel! The two teachers have succeeded in presenting the materials in a very effective way. This dynamic pair brought the fun back in a course which, at the first glance, don't really seem quite amusing. I actually learnt much more than I expected with an Essentials training, and I now feel more confident with my pratice. And eager to follow the next courses of this specialization!Tip: Don't skip the Essentials course even if you think you are not a beginner, you will still learn and re-start with a solid foundation!
Just wow! Best course on MS Excel not just on Coursera, but on all the E-learning platforms. I never imagined one can teach how to use a software without sucking the life out of the learner. 20 on 10 for the efforts the team made while designing this course. No matter what part of the course it is (videos, practice exercises or quizzes), you will always be engaged and that surely would help in better assimilation of concepts.Didn't know till now that Excel really has so many features to facilitate working with large chunk of data. A must do course. Loved it!
Although I am familiar with the basics of Excel, thanks to this course, I was able to learn some things which I wasn't familiar with (conditional formatting, charts, shortcuts etc).  I like the practical assessment tests given after each concept so we get to practice it almost instantly and then the assessment after each week which sort of summarises the week's learning. I intend to take up the next module as well. Thank you so much to McQ University, the faculty who set up this beautiful course and to Coursera for giving us a platform to learn it as well.
Great course materials from Macquarie University with detailed video presentation. Thanks to professor Ms.Nicky and Professor Mr. Prashan for the perfect explanations of the module. Each tools and their usage has been described perfectly throughout the course. This course definitely will help me to improve my skills at work place and use my time efficiently and in an organized manner of providing accurate data. Practice quizzes after each video helps a lot and main advantage of this course is all assessment includes mostly actual worksheet workout.
Even though I've been using Excel since high school and throughout my first several years of working full-time, I knew very little about all the amazing features and tools. Honestly, I was intimidated by people who seemed to know Excel like the back of their hand. I didn't think I'd be able to ever learn things that I did during Course 1. Learning about printing from Excel, creating charts, and tools like Flash Fill and Freeze Pane was quite amazing and fun! I'm looking forward to continue practicing and learning to become an Excel power user!
I have completed the “Excel Skill for Business” specialization by Macquarie University after 90+ hours of resilient learning and growth. After completing this specialization, I can confidently say that I have gained deep insights into one of the most powerful spreadsheets and analytics tools i.e. Microsoft excel. The Specialization entails of four courses which covers all the concepts of Excel (Basics to Advanced). I would like to thank Nicky Bull, Prashan Karunaratne and coursera for providing me such a wholesome experience.
This course has been very helpful in teaching me the basic of Excel. It is very well structured; the instructors have excellent diction, examples and explanations; the practice quizes and assessments have been very well assembled; the additional readings provided have been interesting, fun and informative; the workbooks provided are easy to download and have been place in very sensible segments of the Course.Thank you, Macquarie University, Instructors and Coursera, I appreciate the opportunity to study with you. Aleksandra
I am very appreciative
of the video presentations showing the various techniques which assist to build
confidence in navigating an excel work sheet. I have gained knowledge and
experience in the practice sessions as I made it my duty to stay the course. The
course is very exciting and rewarding for your self-development. This is one
course that I will highly recommend to my work colleagues at the Barbados
Revenue Authority. Once again thanks to the presenters and remember, “Practice
makes permanent”.Victor
WatermanBarbados
Excellent course! I have been a self-taught Excel user for many year, yet I didn't know the basics. I was completely impressed by the small baby steps to work through Excel, and the practice quizes. Nicki and Preshan make it very easy to learn, and I feel very confident to move forward with Excel in future career opportunities. I feel accomplished, energized, and ready for new challenges. I also thank McQuarie for offering this class through the MN DEED. It was an extremly useful class, and I appreciate the opportunity!
Wow.  The professors teaching this course are so right - most of us are self-taught in Excel, and there are basics we can learn to do better.  My utmost respect was earned by how they broke down the overviews and exercises into manageable chunks.  I wouldn't know where to start to show someone how to use Excel as there are so many places to look!  Expertly done with user experience in mind.  I would recommend this course to both new users and experienced users.  Thank you for the effort you put into making this course.
As someone who has used Excel for many years but never received proper training or taken any courses, this was absolutely life-changing.  I realized how little I knew of Excel even in its basic usage! This course is very easy to follow, engaging and the ability to practice alongside each video and with the practice assignments are key to solidifying the concepts.  I found myself excited to learn and looking forward to the next module. I will be taking the next level and hope to finish all four levels in this series.
This course has provided me with skill set to operate through a long range of Excel features. A hands-on understanding and application of basic as well as hidden but extremely helpful excel commands has significantly enhanced my handling of this amazing software. I now feel very much comfortable maneuvering through large sets of data and making analyses based on them. Practice Videos helped a lot as the professors guided on each and every step of the way. Pursuing this course is well worth one's efforts!!!!
I am really happy with my results. I am also really happy with the way they taught the course. I have truble learning new skills some times but the way both teachers taught it it was very clear. All thought I have a Mac and a 2017 excel and something are pretty different I managed to looked where thing were. I  enjoyed it very much. I completed in 7 days that fast it was even tough it says it is made to be learned in 6 weeks. Thanks im still in high school and I learned a skill most people learn in collage.
A very good first course for me here on Coursera. Although I've used Excel for many years at a basic level, I knew I had holes in my knowledge, and since I'll be starting a job next month with a high focus on Excel, I also knew I'd need to plug those holes. Although the videos are a little forced and trite, the overall package and teaching is pretty good and I can't really fault it. I'm glad I chose an Australia university to do the course with so their accents and terminology are closer to New Zealand.
I would really like to Appreciate & Thank the Instructor's Miss Nicky Bull &  Dr Prashan S. M. Karunaratne   who has done a great  Job and took Efforts.   Everything was explained very well . Final assessment was like cherry on the cake as it helped in Revising what has been taught over the weeks.It was a good learning experience for me since this was my first-time experience doing a course online. Every point what was explained during the 6 weeks of the course it was easy to understand.  Thankyou !!!!
Very good course. They explain very nicely. There are various assignments also. After watching videos, you can practice the assignments. And the best part is that you cannot find their answer from google. I mean you have to watch all the videos, practice it and then you can solve their assignments which is really nice. I am very much impressed by this. Because if you will find their answers on google then it is no use of doing such a course. And in videos, they also say Practice makes Permanent.
Thank you, Macquarie University for an awesome presentation of this course. It was fun reviewing the basics and essentials of Excel and I got to learn some new shortcuts and tricks along the way. I love how there are practice quizzes after every lesson. It challenges my brain to recall what I just learned. I also enjoyed the practice challenges, the keyboard shortcuts, and the ninja tips. I had fun and I'm definitely down to take your intermediate and advanced courses. Here's to learning more!
Five years from completing my BS in Accounting, three years from completing my MACC, and three years into a Governmental Accounting position, I feel qualified to state the "Excel Skills for Business: Essentials" course is a great refresher. It renews my interest and refreshes my desire to learn more. I am excited to continue with the next course in the series  Excel Skills for Business Specialization: Excel Skills for Business: Intermediate. Hopefully you will enjoy it as I have.
The course is very well structured and kudos to the whole team for delivering it with such articulation and effectiveness, it so made the entire course easy to understand and also a fun learning experience at the same time. I love how they make you revisit the concepts that you've learnt in the previous weeks in the practice challanges which really helps in making the concepts permanent.  I really enjoyed the course and I am looking forward to more courses with the institution.
One of the BEST courses I have come across in my life!!!!!It is sooo informative, and interesting...I would like to THANK each and every single person associated with course to make IT this amazing!!The concepts were explained soo beautifully with all the videos, quizzes and practice assignments that the learnings are fitted well into our memory!Thanks to  Faculty of Macquarie university for making this course available to us ..Blessed to come across this wonderful course!
This is a wonderful practice for me. They were terminologies that I am familiar with but do not know their functions. On the other hand, some terms are completely foreign to me and don't know anything about its functions. Now, I am confident that whenever I open excel I won't be as fearful as I used to be. Thank you to the lecturers for presenting this course well. I am proud I finished this course ahead of schedule and with full understanding. Next Excel Course, shall we?
I really enjoyed learning through this course. I feel I have so much more knowledge of Excel now and am confident to use these skills in my new workplace. I felt challenged by the material but at the same time, empowered to complete it. The instructors were fantastic and I very much enjoyed the video and workbook format. I definitely recommend this course to anyone wishing to learn the most useful and common Excel skills to use in the workplace and in your personal life.
OMG!!! I hadn't challenged myself since I graduated from college 25+ years ago.  I finished the course sooner than 6 weeks & I'm so proud of myself. I really enjoyed this course as I'm better equipped to make adjustments on my reports now. I intend to take the Intermediate levels because we use Pivot Tables and I have my struggles with that issue too.  Thanks for making this available for people like me who want to learn at home and need to know Excel in the work place.
At first I was skeptical regarding which course to choose as there were many available, but I am now, after completing the course, 100% sure that I made the right decision. This course offered by Macquarie University, Sydney, and mentored by amazing people like Dr. Prashan and Nicky is a top-notch specialization course of MS Excel. I am looking forward to complete the Course 2 i.e. Excel Intermediate level. Thank you very much! #PracticeMakesPermanent #EveryoneSayWow
An excellent course for those who are just starting excel or are come back to working with excel after sometime. Fluidly clears all fundamentals of Excel. Excellent !!!. Few new things I learnt in Payout, Design and Headers and Footers in Excel as well !!. Thank you for the superb flow of the videos, practice questions and quizzes to ensure I am hooked on to it. And as correctly mentioned, with excel it is 'Practice, Practice and Pratice'. Grateful !!!.Akshay Damani
This Course " Excel Skills for Business Essentials " is a very good exclusive course to start off with excel. in today's world to work in corporate culture especially to work in Research and strategy-management consulting firms, knowing expertise in Excel is very very necessary and compulsory in order to survive. to get masters on the same , This course is very important so that later advance courses like Intermediate1/2 and advance excel we can understand better.
When I joined this course, I was in doubt that whether I'd be able to learn enough from just one part of this course or if I did a mistake joining this... but after two or three videos I was in love with the way they teach, quizzes and all. This the first time I learnt something in online mode and I have to say it was really very comfortable and fun studying here on coursera.. and I think I'm going to take the rest of the parts of this course.. Thank you Coursera.
An absolute must for anyone who is into any kind of office job. The course is very aptly titled "Essentials" and it covers all of them. Even if you are familiar with the basics of excel, you would likely become more efficient in your work. Cannot thank the team from Coursera and Macquarie University enough for putting this together. The illustrations were excellent and practical, which kept the interest going. I am going for the entire specialization straightaway!
Excellent course for excel skills needed for business essentials. One could understand the basic of excel and its components, performing calculations using the formulas and functions, various formatting and alignment tools, working with data (simple and complex as well), customizing and printing the data and create/edit the chart and its associated data. By taking this course, one would be comfortable working with excel for business as well as home needs. :-) :-)
I have learnt a lot from this course! Before doing it I thought "May be I should do Advanced, because I know excel". However, I quickly realized that the foundations are very important part of excel and if you are not very familiar with them you will be in trouble later! I recommend it, as being probably the best excel course out there. Absolutely helpful, useful and most of all making sure you understand everything. I can not thank you enough for this course!
I enjoyed the course very much. It was easily understandable, nicely presented and well coordinated.The instructors were very precise and clear regarding a ll the instructions throughout the course. The weekly challenges were very helpful to have a quick recap of the week's learning. All in all, I am very impressed by my improvement after taking this course and will surely continue with the other courses in this specialization course. Thank you very much!
Great Course, Easy to complete. The only problem I would have is that the wording of some of the questions can be confusing. Other than that the course is a great introduction to folks who want to learn more about excel. Personally I self-taught myself on the basics of Excel, but this course actually taught me new tips and tricks I did not know you could do on excel. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to expand their knowledge of Microsoft Excel.
Very Informative course, as a beginner I would really suggest going through this course to enhance your Excel skills to a very good extend and as of a starter pack this the best course out there to learn excel and be proficient in it. At some point, it becomes difficult to pass the quizzes but at the end of the day, it's worth it. I really liked this course and would highly recommend to anyone who wants to have a hands-on experience in excel as a starter.
I use Excel everyday, therefore I knew the greatest part of the topic covered. However I got the chance to learn lots of tips and tricks and to deepen my knowledge in order to face better the next steps. The course is very well made, simple and effective. Even if English is not my mother tongue and I'm exercising on a Mac set in Italian (this means that many setting are very different, including the name of themes etc.) it was very simple to understand.
This course was very easy to follow, even though I was using an older (2007) version of Excel. If I was having any trouble finding a tool that has moved or changed in the newer versions of Excel, it was simple to pause the video while I looked for the right tool, then start again once I had what I needed. The quizzes made sure you not only received the information in the videos, but understood it well enough to take problems a  step further on your own
I highly recommend to take this course if you are beginner in Excel. Especially if your job requires advanced usage of excel and you are stile beginner, this course will be the best to brush up basic knowledge, functions and terminology of Excel.I have graduated political science and in my  field I have never used Excel for presentations, collecting data. So it was high priority for me to learn basics of excel before going to another Excel courses.
The best thing which I Liked about this course is its short and precised conceptual learning videos. The way this course is designed is brilliant. Time schedule and distribution in weeks is so much flexible and everyone can complete this course. There was nothing vague. Every topic and thing was crystal clearly explained. I am so much glad and happy that Coursera provided me this opportunity to learn. I am happy and proud that I completed it. :)
Thank you Prashant and Nikki for giving such nice online training. Your way of teaching is very good and both of you make things easily understandable also I will love to get some personal assistant because I had already enrolled for the excel intermediate skills. So if there is a way I can somehow connect with you to get my doubts clear it will be very good. Lastly, thank you Coursera for giving such a nice course.Warm Regards,Prachurya Sarma
As a essential course for getting started with MS Excel, it was complete, comprehensive and practical. I like what I have learned new skills with Excel and I would like to continue for more advanced courses because I feel I will learn a lot of useful new things if I continue with next courses. I also like the way this course was organized and presented as an online course. Thank you very much to the instructors of this course.Ramin Madani
The course
was exactly what I wanted. Very well-explained and clear. Also fun, and I
learnt a lot of information which will be really useful. This is a
very good course! The best online course I've ever had. The structure, the
order in which material is given, the difficulty of the course are very thought
over. And the most important, I feel that the course is very effective. I
really enjoyed all the quizzes and assignments of the course.
This course is top quality !It is structured in a very user-friendly way. There is an overview of each week, videos covering the related exercises (there are a lot to download and practise) , text of the videos to underline with a section to keep notes upon it. About the content it covers way more than you would exept. You will be surprised with how many usefull features exist and the details to master them. I absolutely recommend it !
Richly packaged. Provides the essential requirements to excel in Advanced Excel packages. I found it very interesting and it provided the missing links in my Excel knowledge. I love the Absolute and Sheet Referencing very much. They both have been a nightmare, but I can confidently carry out calculations using the tools with ease. It is a programme worth taking. Thank you University of Macquarie. Now, I boldly teach Excel in my office.
A very easy and well planned course that's well executes. Moreover, the quizzes after each and every video ensures the student is learning and helps you remember what you learn. The instructors are quite experienced, they teach exactly according to a beginner's level, and keep the potential problems that a beginner can face in mind in every lecture. Provided you are consistent with the tests and videos you will definitely learn a lot.
I always used to be scared of spreadsheet software. Thanks to the instructors on this course, I am now able to see and apply the beauty, productivity and smartness of Microsoft Excel. Thank you so much guys. You are absolutely brilliant at teaching and it was a joy to learn from you.If you are scared of Excel, this is the course made for you. I am enjoying it so much that I can not wait to start the next course in the Specialization.
I hope that my review reaches every single person who contributed to the success of this course. I am grateful to Niki, Pershan and to all those behind the scene working to offer such a high-quality course for those looking to learn Excel professionally. I would ,undoubtedly, recommend this course from Macquarie University; it's taught in a very well-organized way and has a lot of challenging and stimulating exercises and questions.
Excellent course. I've been using Excel for years and I was certain this was too basic for me - while there were certainly some very simple methods that I wasn't using (and wasting heaps of time). If you're self-taught at Excel - no matter how much experience you have I would highly recommend this. PS - If you're trying to get through the course quickly you can do so in a few days so don't let the 6 Week time frame worry you. Enjoy!
This is a must to do Excel course if you really want to engage and learn the basics,tips and tricks for Excel. Beginners can just go for it.The course is very interesting and productive including the tests ,practice videos and toolbox.This is the best course to start learning Excel.If you already know the basics it is still recommended to go through this course because you might miss out on a lot of things this course has to offer.
Currently I am using Excel 2016 and have transferred my skills from previous version of the program.  I was familiar with most of the abilities of the program (even forgot a few because I have not used them in so many years) but learned many short cuts that will be useful in my day to day use of the program.  I look forward to moving on to the Intermediate 1 class and continue to build on the basics I have learned in this course.
Very helpful, I've been using Excel for a long time but really appreciated this beginner course since it filled in some gaps in my knowledge and helped me to develop good foundations. I learned the names of a lot of functionality I didn't know the names to, and I learned a lot of things I didn't know previously! The instructors were also very clear and engaging, and I liked how much practice we got through the hands on exercises.
I learned quite a lot, despite using Excel at work for 3.5 years.  I am much more proficient and confident in Excel now.  The Final Exam was very challenging, and I had to take it twice, but it helped to cement what I learned through the course.  I can now work with enormous spreadsheets and create solid charts to help visualize data.  I had no idea Excel could do so many things.  I am excited for the Intermediate Level Courses.
About this course, I have a lot of things to say but I think I shouldn't. But some parts must be mentioned. If I can ever go to Australia, I will meet with this two amazing Prashan and Nicky. I didn't know anything about Excel but after this course I'm just amazed that I know that much which with I can handle a big company without any hesitation. What a presentation! How beautifully they've tought the total Excel! Just amazing!
It's an amazing course and it's instructed by equally amazing teachers who beautifully guide you through the entire process. Thank you to coursera and Macquaire University for offering this course. It will help students like myself and also professionals from different sectors to get comfortable with using Excel.Thank you to Ms. Nicky Bull and Dr. Prashant Karunaratne for their brilliant guidance throughout the entire course.
The course is a great one.I really enjoyed every moment of the lesson, it really seem like fun to me more than learning. Unlike other online courses where learning can be so frustrating, the instructors for the course were very clear and distinct. For the first time in a long time, I am giving a review because it was earn and not to seem supportive. Every moment spent on this course was really worth my time.#everybodysaywoow
Great for begginers or for someone who have worked with excel previously, but haven't touched it in a while. I though I will just rush through everything, because there would be just a lot of theory. But to my surprise there were a lot of tasks which required to download workbooks and complete tasks in them to get correct answers. So there were a lot more practical tasks than I expected from onlice course and it was GREAT!
This was exactly what I needed. As a self-taught, basic level user this course has given me the fundamentals to understand the tool and to leverage it's utilities much better. It has given me confidence to start exploring the functionalities and to make more of my data. Many thanks to the instructors Nicky and Prashan, you really made this feel like a direct learning experience even though we have never met in a classroom.
Excelente curso, es bastante basico para el que ya usa excel, pero enseña mucho para el que va iniciando. Yo domino ingles y español, tristemente el que no sabe ingles no va a poder curzarlo. Excellent course, it is quite basic for those who already use excel, but it teaches a lot for those who are just starting out. I am fluent in English and Spanish, sadly the one who does not know English will not be able to study it.
Perfect online course for study by yourself, especially for the confinement of COVID-19 and for adapting the new world after COVID-19. There you can learn the basic and essential tools of Excel. Once you finish your course, it's time for the intermediate course. I am going to try the second one, so how about the next course, I will let another comment about the second one. Keep going because learning  never will obsolete
I would say that I learn quickly all the bigest as well smallest tools, options and hidden settings to how to create a massive sheet in just a few minutes. Add graphic, formatting to your Excel worksheet to look more professional and representative.l learn a lot and enjoy through the course.cannot wet to use my skill in my further studies and in future. I enjoyed through the course videos and extra work is too helpful .
I have finished a course in Excel essentials or as I would say a beginners course. I learned a lot although it took me some time to finish, but now I feel confident in working in Excel when it comes to basics and as I go again through the course for revision, I am really satisfied with my usage of shortcuts on the keyboard. I will for sure keep learning and continue developing my skills through the intermediate course.
This course is great, because in short time it's possible to obtain real-life skills, useful in every day work with spreadsheets (actually, what I'd learned for instance in week 2, I applied straight away in my job, making life little easier for myself and my workmates). One remark though - if you decide to take this course, install Excel on your computer, online version is not enough to complete it without any stress.
I have explored many tutorials to learn these things but couldn't ever be able to find out such this tutorials.This course is designed in such a beautiful manner that any student having just abc knowledge of computer skills & english language can easily be able to perfom the course successfully.My Strong Gratitude to the instructors for putting a tremendous effort to help a student a better understanding. Thank You!
This course was exceptionally good. I knew many things but learn a lot of tools which i did not know before this course. The course was designed in a fantastic way. If a person does not know anything about excel can learn a lot of things from this course and can be able to use the learning in any one's day to day life. It was amazing doing this course. I recommend people who want to improve their skills in Excel.
I really enjoyed doing the Excel course and learned so much. I so much enjoyed the explanation and then doing the assignment after. This really helped me with practicing and I aimed to get all the questions right. If I get one wrong, I would go back to the video listen again and repeat the test. I definitely recommend this course for students or professionals who want to sharpen their knowledge. Thank you so much
I knew nothing about Excel and had zero confidence in using it. But this course changed it over. I strongly recommend this course for anyone who feels like they know barely anything about Excel. It might feel a bit too essential from time to time but you'll soon realize such essentials will help you boost through other more difficult tasks! Looking forward to taking different courses in Excel Skills for Business!
An exceptionally well planned out introduction and overview to the fundamentals of Excel.  Although I had business proficiency from on the job learning, this first segment already proved to be of solid value and filled in several gaps in my execution as well as speed of execution.  I am very pleased with this course already and greatly look forward to the next segments.  This is a very well done learning process!
The Course was top class with very challenging assessments on every video. The subject was well narrated and broken down into much required weeks. The stress on practice was perfect and very much need. It's very important to learn the right terms and tips than to just learn on the job as we do mostly. Nicky is very engaging with her voice and smiling face. She kept me hooked on the content and is easy to follow.
This was an amazing course. Possibly my favorite experience on Coursera so far, and I have taken a lot of courses. Very engaging instructors, with a fun story based, gradual learning approach grounded in plenty of practice tasks. Excited to explore more of Excel in this specialization, and would seriously consider sticking to Macquarie University for future courses if all of their content is as A+ as this one!
This course was trully amazing. At the beginning i was a little boried because the lesson weren't so challenging. How wrong i was. During the next weeks, the course began to challenge me in many ways i couldn't imagine previously. I definitely recommend this course for everyone who's looking forward to improve Excel skills and really be in charge of Excel. As Prashan always said: "Practice makes it permanent"!
I'm a beginner/intermediate user of Excel and know the fundamentals. However, I can appreciate the beauty and usability of it and the importance of having an intermediate (or better yet, advanced) knowledge of it no matter your job or your career level. This course is a step-by-step tutorial to help you learn in a way that it's not intimidating or confusing. Once you start the course you'll get addicted to it.
Coursera is the best platform to learn online sitting home and working at our own pace. It is helping me grow during this lockdown period. In this course, even a small detail is explained so clearly which is a rare feature. I am looking forward to learning as many courses as possible that are related to my work. I thank my Institution and Coursera for providing me this platform to learn. Thank you, Coursera.
This course is well organized and planned, understandable guidelines through videos and exams for improving skills. I wish if I had a chance to learn more about all MS Office programs like this course. Hope they will design MS Office programs for Business like this Excel course. I really enjoyed & learnt a lot from this. Advice for my dear peers: Very good course if you want to learn Excel basics to advance.
Tough work and long hours put into it, but it's worth it. It took my years of experimenting with and playing around with excel and not knowing most of it and turned it into a disciplined and structured format for my mind to realize what I had been doing so far and vast gaps that I had been missing. If COVID hadn't happened, I probably would be doing the entire course and other levels, but we'll see now.
I loved taking this class. I have learned so much more in a few weeks than years working in the office. The videos are great but my favorite part was the down loadable work along worksheets which are provided. I need to practice along and not just watch videos otherwise its very difficult for me to really learn and remember the material so I highly recommend this class to anyone that works an office.
It is the best course that I have taken on Coursera so far. The teaching methods; clear arrangement of the weekly course contents; the quizzes after each and every course video; weekly challenges; useful tips and etc. are absolutely designed for the students to gain the Excel skills in the most efficient way! I show the gratitude for the creators of this course! Thank you and absolutely recommended!!
I Really enjoyed this course. Got me all the basics up and running. I hope i can keep in touch with whatever i have learned from this course. I would like to Thank each and everyone especially Sir Prashan and Madam Nicky who put tremendous efforts to make the practice videos, challenges, quizzes and the practice sheets. They were truly outstanding with the lectures. Short and on point. All the best!
Best course I could have ever got. They explained everything in detailed and did give some time for us to learn it ourselves by trying it out. They also made sure to not over explain everything and gave us space to explore and find new stuff on our own , which in my opinion helps memorizing it. I would encourage anyone in commerce field to go for this course as it helps out big time in the long run.
It was amazing experience. Teaching method is excellent. I'll recommend this course that everyone should try this course. Now-a-days Excel is essential now, instead of using notebook and calculator for writing and calculations we can use Excel. It was a amazing experience to learn this course. I learnt a lot from this course. The main thing i learnt from this course is " Practice Makes Permanent".
I loved how detailed yet easy to understand this course was. The instructors were great at articulately explaining everything. The practice workbooks were extremely helpful as I could side by side do the same as what I was being taught. There were some differences on the Mac version of Excel though that were not acknowledged by the course, and I would really appreciate it if they were.Thank you.
This was a great opportunity for me to get such a quality online education for a renowned university. The way of teaching is just very simple to understand. Keeping Shawn as an virtual example "Sir Prashan  and Madam Nikki " has just made the path simple. Practice video and simultaneous test makes the course most beneficial. End of the day the famous quote stands out "Practice makes permanent".
This course was terrific even though I knew the basics of excel and used it. Still, this course provided the information in such an organized method that it has been so helpful and provided me to sink in the essentials very well can't wait for the intermediate. Although the only complaint I would have is that the charts section was too simplified felt very annoying uninformative, unfortunately.
If you are a person who just knows how to scroll between cells of excel and nothing else. This course is for you. Imparts all essentials skills. The best part is you will not be able to copy from anywhere and will do all stuff solely yourself so it's a huge learning experience. You will not be able to find the answers to the assessments of this course. So it's a very good learning experience.
This was a great course to make sure that you understand the basics of Excel.  The video explanations were definitely helpful in completing the course.  The only issue I had was during the final assessment the worksheet to download for some reason was not set right and when trying to autofill it would only go down 10 rows instead of the whole worksheet other than that it was a great course!
The moment you enter the course, you think you have the idea of how to work in Excel, but you don't. Thanks to this course I have more knowledge about Excel, not only what buttons to use, but what those buttons mean, the different ways to search the tool and use it quickly and efficiently. Thanks for every week to put us in practice, because effectively with practice you get the knowledge.
Though I had prior understanding with little basics of excel, it was so hard for me to work with numerous tools of excel. After taking passing this course successfully I am pretty confident with excel now. Feels like I am able to play with excel. Thanks goes to the instructors. Specially Miki, She is so cute. I really love her chitchat words gestures. Much recommended course for beginners.
This course offers exactly what it claims to. I took it as part of the Excel Skills for Business specialization, and even though I consider myself experienced with Excel, I still learned a few things in this course nobody had ever shown me before. It is a great introduction to Excel for novices as well as a good course to fill any gaps in your knowledge of Excel for more experienced users.
I am a french Excel user for more than 20 years. Tips and informations I learned from this "BASIC" course are really awsome and very useful very useful even for experienced Excel users. It was an occasion for me to refresh my English !

I highly recommend this course for those who want to learn Excel professionally and methodically. Teachers are also very educational. Big thanks for them.
As a self-taught excel user I have known some basic, intermediate, and advanced excel functions. But, I am still stuck sometimes while performing my tasks for some basic functions and tricks, I got to learn all the basic necessities of excel in this course. I highly recommend everyone take this course to uplift their basic excel skill as we ignore these skills but they are very important.
Well structured course with great explanations and tips for getting the most out of Excel. Plenty of examples and case studies are provided for you to practice on and understand the various features of Excel.  I would recommend this course to everyone, including those people who are self taught in Excel and want to polish their skills. Excel is a critical skill to have in almost every job
Despite already being quite familiar with Excel and having worked with it previously, I found this course to be really helpful. It introduced me to some basic tools that I had never used. In addition to that, it taught me some new concepts about tools which I was already familiar with. The material included is quite sufficient to have a confident grasp of Excel's most essential features.
about this i would have really apprecited if you had kept some revision session at the end of week 6 as its a weekly course so as to just brush up the knowledge of week 1 before giving the finall assesement paper one would have been eased to attend the exam sooner. its really good course i am its really about practice and details which we should pay more attention.thanks for the course.
Thank you so much for such a beautiful course. The course structure is pretty much well planned and the course instructors are too good. Although I had the basic working knowledge of MS Excel, this course gave me proper structured knowledge of using the tools. I will be doing other courses soon. Stay safe, Stay Healthy.Regards Gobinda Chandra SahuTata Institute of Social Sciences Mumbai
In one word, Fabulous. I have learned a lot from this course and my confidence is increasing. It's an effective introduction for the beginners of Microsoft excel. Most importantly I have enjoyed this course a lot. The lectures and practice challenges are pretty interesting. Moreover, it compels you to learn. So, why late! Start learning and you know, "Practice makes permanent." Cheers!
Yes, This course is very useful to all, especially for commerce students. Teaching style is excellent with simple English. Many practice workbooks are provided to practice and to play with excel. Most amazing part that I learned is to run excel without using mouse. That is awesome!!! .. I highly recommend to all of you to join this course for developing essential basic skills of excel.
I consider myself an intermediate-expert level Excel user, using it extensively for 10 years.  This course showed me tips and tricks that would have saved me a lot of time over the years.  I highly recommend this course to any Excel users - beginners to experts.  All of the lessons and workbooks are very easy to follow and you get to do some real-world type graphing, calculations, etc.
I am very happy and feel proud after completing this course. I got valuable skills. This course will be beneficial for me to get more opportunities. I really appreciate Macquarie University to make such great content of this course and also thanks to Coursera to provide the access to this great course. I will suggest this course to my friends and relatives.Overall Excellent*****Thanks.
I dreaded taking an Excel course because some videos that I tried before were too dull to continue. This course was much different. I had fun learning from Prashan and Nicky! Their videos were fun, but straightforward and encouraging. The short quizzes and videos kept me motivated. I now can see the value in Excel after learning how useful it can be through this course. This was great!
Even though i have intermediate knowledge of excel, this course still have various this which i didn't know or i had never used like they showed us. Really impressed by how the instructor explain each thing step by step and also how the challenges are made and literally have steps which guide us through out the challenges and the shortcuts provided at the end of each week are amazing.
I am giving 5 STAR to this course because in this course, both the tutors  Prashan Sir and Nikky ma'am  taught the Essential Skills For Operating Excel in very easy way and most effective manner. I am glad by getting these tutors. I am really very happy after completing the course. Thank you so much Coursera for providing us the best tutors like Prashan Sir and Nikky ma'am. Thank you.
I am very happy to earn this certificate for MS Excel from Macquarie University. This is great fundamental course for MS Excel , which deals with basic concepts of Excel. I will definitely recommend this course to my colleagues and my juniors who want to start a career as data analyst. I am going to enroll in Excel Intermediate I tomorrow. Thanks a lot to Nicky and her colleague.
Overall, a very interesting course. Keeps you enagaged throughout. Even tho I was familiar with the basics of Excel before, this course still had some very useful information which I didn't know. I am looking forward to the Second Course which i'll start in this week also. Thank You!!Only Con: One has to take the whole final quiz again, even tho, if he gets only 1 question wrong.
Amazing Course. I really enjoyed every second I spent on this course. I love the teaching method I loved the quality of the course content and of-course the way the instructors simulate the learners problems with Excel in their every day task with Sean character. I am very thankful an appreciated for the course instructors (specially Nicky) and off-course Coursera.. Love you all
It was my very first course to learn MS-Excel, which I enjoyed quite a lot. Thanks to the course instructors of Macquarie University. The course is designed with so many real downloadable exercises which I found to be very helpful.I recommend this course if you have no prior experience with MS-Excel and want to learn it in less time.( I practiced this course in Windows 10  O.S )
its a good basic course , it covers a lot of things that are done in daily basis all around the world , the only problem that i had and its a minor one is that i have the spanish version of excel 360 and the full course is in the english version so i had to check twice in order to get it right, its not that my eng skills are bad its just that it takes more effort to get it done
I would like to thanks Coursera for giving me this opportunity to follow courses online to build up my Excel.  The courses in MS Office delivered in my country are very different compared to Macquire University which is clearly and gives us tricky things so that you can apply in the workplace.  Thanks again a lot.  Eager to move the Intermediate and Advance level.  Thanks a lot
I have tried to learn Excel many times from Youtube friendly videos.  But none helps.  Nicky is a superb teachers and understands her students's journey.  Kudos for excellent pace, distilled video contents , no waste moments.  Duration of videos are perfect( rarely over 6min) .   I  rank this course among the best classes I have ever taken.  Thank you Nicky and Dr Karuranatne.
Basic knowledge in Excel is essential in every organisation. Before join this course, I tried to understand with help of youtube and other sources. But I can't make it complete because of lot of confussion arises. But Now I complete some basics of excel with the help of Coursera and great knowledgeable teachers without any confusions. I wish to join in 2nd course of this.5/5😍
Perfect! I've enjoyed learning anything as I've enjoyed learning Excel through this course. The instructors are so fun and very smart. once I started the very first practice video, I didn't want to stop! It was so fun and I think I've excelled "excel". I highly recommend it to anyone. I wish Macquarie University would offer us similar courses in the rest of microsoft software.
Excellent course for beginners as well as for those who are little bit familiar with Excel. Instructors are too good. Assignments and Quizzes are well formed and some of them are slightly challenging. There are many small things in excel that one must know and this perfectly covered aspects. This course surely helped me to learn new skills and now I'm confident in using Excel
Although this is a basic Excel class, it's good to take to refresh yourself with the different capabilities in Excel, even if you're a more experienced user.   This is an all-around good refresher course that may help even more experienced users do their work more efficiently and effectively with reminders of shortcuts and the additional functionalities available with Excel.
A fantastic course for any beginner. You'll get to work on excellent practice challenges and the story mode helps you to remember the excel ways better. They touch on some of the important basic skills needed in this course which makes it wonderful for a beginner. As mentioned throughout this course practice makes permanent so keep on practicing what you have learned. cheers
Initially thought this was too much of a basic to me but I do realize that there are some areas of Excel which I previously do not know of. Filling in the missing gaps in my Excel essential knowledge has helped me increase efficiency when working with big data. The course was also easy to understand and videos are kept short and sweet. This would help any beginners to Excel!
Great course, very clear, very well-organized and pretty easy to follow! I'd like to thank the teachers, they put a huge effort to motivate us, and it worked! I recommend it to everyone desiring to polish his/her knowledge of Excel, or to get acquainted with this program! I hated it before, but now I feel like an expert (kind of), which makes me more confident and happy ! :)
IN THIS COURSE OF SPECIALIZATION EXCEL SKILLS FOR BUSINESS, I HAVE LEARN THE ESSENTIALS OF MICROSOFT EXCEL.I HAVE BEEN ABLE TO EXPERTLY NAVIGATE THE EXCEL USER INTERFACE, PERFORM BASIC CALCULATIONS WITH FORMULAS AND FUNCTIONS, PROFESSIONALLY FORMAT SPREADSHEETS AND CREATE VISUALIZATIONS OF DATA THROUGH CHARTS AND GRAPHS.I'M VERY THANKFUL TO COURSERA AND MACQUARIE UNIVERSITY
I´ve been working 14 years, and finally decided it was time to really learn how to be more efficient with Excel. This intro Course was so well done! The practice Videos are well done, very thorough, and explained in a very easy-to-understand ashion. I just started the Intermediate I Course and can´t wait to really hone my skills even further.  Really, really awesome Course!
This course goes over basics and provides helpful tips and tricks throughout. There are plenty of opportunities to play around with spreadsheets and practice the techniques from the lessons. I have been using spreadsheets for a while, but I am self-taught. So, while there was a good amount I already knew, there were hidden gems in every set of lessons. I highly recommend!
This course really helpful for the begineers to learn all the basics and to understand all the concepts like formatting,soritng,filtering,charts, cell refernces and lot more. Thanks to niki and prashan for the great explanation in the course. Looking forward to take the remaining course in this specialization. Thank you Macquarie University for giving this valuable course
I have learned so many things from excel through this course such as use of Freeze panes, conditional formatting, find and replace, sort and filter. Besides, i have learned presenting of line, pie, column chart appropriately. Moreover i have gathered knowledge of some crucial short-cut methods and ninja techniques. Finally thanks to coursera to give us such opportunity.
I loved Sean! He's just become a somebody from a nobody. Both the course instructor Prashan and Nicky explained the topics really well. I have never seen such a well-organized course before! It was fun doing this course in just two days and getting a very satisfactory grade. Thanks to both of you. I'm looking forward to doing the upcoming courses in this specialization.
This was a very challenging but well organized course.  I feel that I learned more than I believed I would.  I liked the set up of the lessons, short lecture, practice then quiz.  The final exam was tough but being able to go back and review areas where I was not sure of myself helped me over the line.  I plan on enrolling in other courses from this school.  Thank you!
Great practical course! I was already able to put what I learnt into creating some useful Excel spreadsheets in a short span of time. I would recommend this course to others if they do not know where to start when learning how to use Excel effectively. My familiarity and efficiency with Excel tools has increased because of this well-structured and professional course.
No matter how skilled we assume ourselves in excel after having worked for the firm and learnt along the way, there were gaps. The gaps in the form of not knowing what that term is or how to do something efficiently or where tools are placed. This course literally helped fill all the gaps and gave a new insight into how things can be done brilliantly and effortlessly.
A fantastic course for any beginner! You'll get to work on excellent practice challenges and the story mode helps you to remember the excel ways better. They touch on some of the important basic skills needed in this course which makes it wonderful for a beginner. As mentioned throughout this course practice makes permanent so keep on practicing what you have learned.
This is the basic course of Excel Skills which will guide you from scratch if you are not very familiar with Excel. I have found it very useful in order to brush up my basic Excel skills and found out that there are very small tips I have been missing. The materials covered are very implicative and the lecturers are on spot in order to deliver the right set of ideas.
This was the second Excel course offered by Macquarie University. I had a great experience in learning each of the courses. Thank you so much for sharing relevant knowledge in a very convenient manner. Hats off!I would like to thank specially to Coursera for providing me this opportunity to study the course when I was in the utmost need of it. Thank you once again.
Finally my hardwork paid off! It took me 2 weeks to complete this course but it would have been complete earlier because it only requires 19 hours max to complete. To complete this course with reasonable skills it requires sufficient practice and i did it with confidence. Only thing i really appreciate is learning from this course which i have gained magnificently.
Great course for anyone that has self taught themselves in excel because this helps you understand how excel works. You'll be able to walk away with skills that will help you correct/create formulas, format, create graphics, filter, and apply conditional formatting. I personally learned a few simple tricks to help me work faster in excel. Very easy to follow along!
Excellent course to understand the basics of Excel with easy to understand tutorial videos and study materials. The course encourages participants to practice along the way by doing the given exercises which makes this course more valuable. This is a must for an Excel beginner as it teaches the basics in an enjoyable manner. Great course! Will 100% recommend it :)
It's recommended to take this course and fill in the gaps you may have in Excel as it is mostly self-taught worldwide. Explore the vast set of functionalities it has and practice to perfect those skills you will surely use someday or the other in the Business world. All the concepts were clearly taught by these professors and I was motivated to learn all at once.
Excellent course!  I do know how to use excel, nevertheless I followed the advise of starting from the Essential module.  There are some nice add on's (shortcuts) that I wasn't aware of.  The curse is easy to follow and provides excellent examples and workbooks.  Nicky and Prashan are excellent tutors.  Congratulations.  Looking forward for the following modules.
Truly excellent course. The explanation of even the smallest details, alternate functions for different commands and keyboard shortcuts have really made navigation through the sheets and working on excel very easy. The thoughtful assessments where we were required to work alongside rather than answer questions based on our memory assisted in mastering the skills.
Overall a great course!  There is a little disconnect within the final two chapters if you have an older Excel program.  Mine as a 2007 version was missing some info from the 2016 formats being displayed.  This is somewhat forewarned prior to lessons.  Nonetheless, a fun and interactive course that surprisingly made me feel comfortable and proficient in no time!
Was a great course, before i started the course, i think that i know the basic skills in excel, but no, you can learn more than you think in this course, very interesting and interactive.Fue un gran curso, antes de empezar, yo pensaba que ya sabia lo básico de Excel, pero no, puedes aprender más de lo que tú piensas en este curso, muy interesante e interactivo.
Great course, which is very well-organized. While at first I expected it to be useful, but not too interesting, it turned out to be very attractive to me. It definitely helped me to enhance mu Excel skills and now I'm feeling way more confident with this program. Idea with several small videos and quizzes every week works great. Thank you, Macquarie University!
This is a wonderful course. I got to learn so many important points, tools and tricks from this course. With this learning, I am sure that I can perform well in my professional career. I would like to thank you Prashan Sir and Nicky ma'am for your guidance. And thanks to Coursera, for providing me this knowledgable course.Thank YouAshish YadavINDIA(17/07/2020)
Amazing course! Very comprehensive, easy to understand and you get to learn the most used functions of Excel just in this course alone. For the average office worker or student this would be enough. I also appreciate the amount of practice tests and materials provided, the course prepares you thoroughly for each assesment. I highly recommend doing this course!
The course is very essential for anyone who wants to analyse and record his business data. It teaches everything from basic to advance, from beginner to expertise. The course material is very good and the online classes are very effectively designed, which help you to learn with ease. and last but not the least Practice makes it permanent. Thanks to coursera.
This is my first time taking any course with Coursera and I absolutely love it! I love the videos and practice quizzes that you can take over and over. The only thing that throws me off a little bit is I'm using Excel 2010 and I think the course uses 2016 which can be a little more challenging. But other than that, I love it. I'm excited to continue learning!
This was such a great course, and very fun to take. I finished in about 4 days because the lessons were very hands-on and engaging. Dr. Prashan and Dr. Nicky were such a joy to watch and are super friendly, I want to meet them! I feel so much more confident on Excel basics. Don't skip this course because you think you are too good to re-learn the essentials.
I am very happy with this course. Although I am fairly good at excel, I still learnt a lot of new functions and terminologies formally. Most students learned Excel by playing around so I was not aware of many additional functions. This course has shown me the full extent of essential excel uses. Can't wait to do the intermediate level of this specialization.
The course was properly broken down into different sections. The course instructors were great, both in-video ones and the ones constantly helping out in the discussion forum. Looking forward to learn more in the remaining 3 courses. This course has definitely made me want to learn more about Excel and I definitely will. Great job by the people at Macquarie.
A very insightful course. It was very systematic. Thanks to the brilliant instructors I am able to learn the core concepts of Microsoft Excel and also something that I can work with in my day to day life. I really loved how they created a fictional character "Sean" that co-relates with us. I looking forward to other courses in this Specialization. Thank You.
The first few weeks are truly excellent, and I learnt so much. The teaching is crystal clear throughout, the course aims are set out well and I've learnt to love 'everyone say wow'. The only problem is that the second half of the course on formatting, graphs and printing feels very slow, which can be frustrating. A brilliant course though, highly recommend.
It was an excellent experience with two great mentor Prashant and Nicki. They expressed it in such a way that everything feels comfortable and enjoyable. The last exam was boring though; it was too long... Whatever. Thanks to Coursera, Commonwealth Canada for giving the chance to enroll in free... and MACQUARIE University for creating such excellent course.
Excelent course! Not only with solid essentials for developing your Excel skills, but also gives full functional usage within business data providing excercises, feedback and ninja tips for being more efficient when using this tool. 

I definitely recommend this course to beginner and intermediate users who want to reinforce, deepen or practice with Excel.
I am grateful and consider myself lucky that i got the opportunity to learn on coursera. Excel is the most essential skill one should know in today's time and learning it from nicky was the best part as she is an extremely intelligent teacher and the way she teach is just awesome, i will look forward to complete the specialization and be an expert in excel
The course was really amazing for the beginners to start with in excel. All basic functions and features of excel is explained and taught in this basic course. Activities and challenge assignments polish more skills in excel. Really happy for taking this course. Special thanks to Sir Prashan, Maam Nikki and Dr Yvonne Breyer for making this valuable course.
I felt that I was very well acquainted with Excel but even the Excel Skills for Business Essentials has taught me many tactics that I was not knowing and was not even aware. Also the course instructors are too good in their delivery, they made quite easy to understand the things with their conversations. Thanks Coursera..!! Thanks to Macquarie University.
This is a wonderful course for any beginner who wants to explore excel, as well as for those who like me have had prior experience but did not get a formal training in the most basic tools and were thus not confident about their skills. This course has laid a solid foundation for my next endeavor: The Intermediate courses. Thank you Macquarie University.
The entire course is very well laid out in a meaningful and understandable manner. The break up of the video lectures efficiently compartmentalizes various skills and concepts to maximize simplicity. Overall gives plenty of room to practice and understand by applying skills learnt. I had a lot of fun throughout this course and look forward to continuing!
I took this course to enhance my Excel skills further. I thought I was already quite competent and the Essentials course may not be a major value add. But I was wrong! There are so many neat tips and tricks that have been shared in this course. The practice exercises and the assessments are top notch. Look forward to completing the entire specialization!
This is a great course for someone just starting out that wants practical Excel skills. If you know a bit of self taught Excel (like me) it is a good way to level-set before going forward with formal Excel learning. I knew much of what was taught so was able to finish the course quickly, but there was some great content that I was not 100% aware existed.
This is the specialization you want to take to learn EXCEL from A to Z because it is gives you everything you need to master it. The professors explain how spreadsheets are organized so that it is easy to understand how to utilize everything that Excel offers to its users. What is more, they also show how Excel runs on different platforms, including Mac.
From this course, I learnt some basic but essential skills and functions of Excel which will definitely help me in the future. The lessons were given out step by step and I found those lessons understandable and progressive. After all, I felt honored to be able to participate in this course and I am looking forward to take other courses in this program.
Great course for beginners, challenging and the activities make you think and apply the skills learnt. would highly recommend those who would like to start building their skills in Excel. the Facilitators did an amazing job, good clarity in the tone of voice and the rate of speech was also maintained at a good pace.  Looking forward to the next course.
This course is for everyone who wants to learn the Excel from start. You will learn excel from scratch and in detail. Quiz and assessments per week & with every topic you finish you get test and grades to boost your confidence for the particular topic and skill. Just enroll and learn the excel from beginning with some really good stuff and information.
Very useful program. It really gives you the opportunity to start learning the essentials of excel and at the end you are able to handle a simple form of the most usual functionalities. I certainly will participate to the other programs of this section in order to be able to handle difficult situations. The trainers are awesome. I certainly suggest it.
This was by far one of the most effective and instructive courses that I have ever taken, and I say that with a history of having earned four college degrees (via classroom and online environments) and more than 6 dozen certificates for professional development (also via classroom and online environments). Thank you for a wonderful learning experience!
I learn excel from by practising during at my job everyday. Though I am quite at ease I though I knew all the basics but when I completed this course I learned  a tons of tips and trick, and some really cool stuff like flash fill/conditional formatting and specially (for me) printing and charts design which will help me a lot for my job! Thanks a lot:)
Well-structured course with interesting tasks, I would recommend it to anyone! If you're self-taught like me, there is a chance that you don't know the true potential of some basic features. Though I'm not new to Excel I still found a lot of useful and practical information that made my life sooo much easier! Thank you very much, dear course creators!
This course was excellent!  I learned so many essential skills in Excel that will be applied daily. The instructors were amazing and offered clear, concise information.  The practice worksheets were very helpful when learning to apply the skills taught in the videos.  Overall, I enjoyed this course and I feel it will greatly help with my daily job du
I like the self pace.  Some questions throughout the session exams were unnecessarily confusing.  If the idea is to see if someone knows the information then you don't need to put two answers very close to the correct answer in an attempt to trick the test taker.  (just my thought) but over all I learned many new ways to be more efficient with Excel!
For those who wish to verify and re-learn even the smallest detail on Excel, I strongly recommend this course. You might think is too essential for you, I was thinking the same, but it proved me wrong, in every single ween I learnt even a small new detail that now contributes to my knowledge. Thank you for this well structured and organized course.
Excellent course, the instructors Nicky and Prashan are very experienced and used effective enjoyable methodology.  I do recommended it to other learners!!!  Thank you for this opportunity you had kindly provide to advance to my careers and looking for a job.  I aim to continue learning Excel Intermediate I.Kind regards and blessings,Alejandra Caro
This is a great course for getting to grips with excel. At the end of the day, you are learning about spreadsheets so it's not the most riveting thing to do. But having completed it you do feel a sense of accomplishment and the way the course is structured and taught is professional and effective. I'll be coming back for the next part soon enough.
thanks coursera for giving me opportunity to learn  excel course for business.your financial aid is really helpful for student like us.i have no words to thank u. i want to learn more from your website and if i get job with no condition i will pay u so that u can provide more financial aid.thanks a lot coursera.love u all.........................
I really feel that I have learned a lot from this course creating charts, calculating large sets of data, and formatting to make everything easier to understand. The videos prepare the user for the quizzes and the quizzes prepared me for the assessments. I will be glad to add this to my resume and continue on with  the rest of the specialization.
As Prashan sir always said 'practice makes permanent' , it is indeed true. All the practice quizzes after each practice video , practice challenges, and lastly toolbox and shortcuts summary were really helpful in getting much familiar with all the concepts taught during practice videos. I now can say 'WOW'. I have now cleared all my basics now !!
Being self taught  I have been using excel for a few years now, but after this essentials course has really helped me understand how excel works and I even learned quite a few new things. It is an excellent and really well taught by Prashan and Nikki. They kept me so interested that I completed the 6 weeks program in just 3 days. I was hooked.
This course is a comprehensive refresher for self-taught excel users, who like to learn more about the many options excel has to work with data. By covering highly relevant areas like formatting, fill-handle usage, performing calculations, handling big data sets, and creating charts, it's a valuable training to become more savvy with the tool!
This is a very nice course that introduces the core basics of Excel. The pacing is just right, the videos are easy to follow and understand, while the exercises are great for practicing.I highly recommend taking this course for beginners with little to no Excel experience. If you feel confident, you can get through the materials in a few days.
The journey throughout this course was really wonderful.Although I was the beginner in essential excel and become confused when appearing assessment exam.By watching the outline videos several times & making practice I am used to enhancing my skills. Practice makes permanent .Thanks Nikky and Prashan for your outstanding guideline and quotes.
I feel really elated to have completed this course, especially within the shortest time possible. the lessons were explicit and precise giving that at the time of enrolment, I had very little understanding of Excel. The content of the course is amazing and quite challenging! I can't wait to get on to the next level of the course. Many thanks.
Fantastic foundational course for excel essenstials for business. The teachers were really excellent in explaining all the necessary skills with good tone and pace. With hands on training and practice quizzes, this course is thoroughly practical to make me understand the concepts. Recommended for anyone who's upgrading their MS Office skills
Exceptionally well done course materials! This class made it easy to brush up on the skills I already knew, and add to them the finer details I was looking for. Now I feel like my Excel spreadsheets will look more professional, and I can analyze data far quicker for my job than before. I'm looking forward to progressing into the next class!
I was familiar with the majority of the parts in the essentials course. However the course is very good structured for beginners and has some interesting things for every level of excel user. I must admit that the week with the printing options was really helpful. Personally i will continue with the intermediate parts of the specialization.
This Course is exceptionally good and and has a beginner i really learnt a lot of things from formulas ,functions,to managing data sheets,formatting. referencing and finally to good looking charts. This course is more than enough for the beginners and after completion of course for sure they will be ahead when compared to their collegeaus.
I really enjoyed the course. Although I knew most of the things in the course, I still found out about some very interesting tools and options that I had at my disposal. Also learned the correct nomenclature for things like the "dollar thingy" It's a good idea to take the introductory course even if you do have experience in Excel already.
In the beginning, I though I new the basics of excel and this course was going to cover everything I know about MS Excel. I then found out that there are still many tip and tricks I didn't even know excel was able to make automatically adding to my existing information.Thank you so much for the course, it has been very informative for me.
Great Experience as a beginner, i need more practice and review all what i take off for me to make sure that all i take is understandable. Thank You Malayan Colleges Laguna for this opportunity and thank you Coursera for this kind of experience. Big Help to us specially we dont have work today just work from home. Thanks and best regards.
It was a well prepared and documented course I have ever attended. It was a great and satisfying  online specialisation. It was easy and I do not have any problem in completing the entire course.The explanation was thorough, clear and easy to understand. A good job,  well done , Prashan and Nicky. Thank you, so much,  Prashan and Nicky.
Wonderful teachers, very interesting presentation and topics. It was exciting to go through this course and gained knowledge is very useful. Advice, go from Essentials course through Advanced course in this specialization in sequential order. There are many things to learn in each course no matter what your previous Excel knowledge is.
A perfect course to start kicking out the world of Excel. I have started with a little knowledge and now I feel awesome for achieving a lot. I am no longer afraid of excel and I never thought that it is going to be as a piece of cake !! if you really want to start excelling excel, this course is the perfect match for you. Good Luck !!
I can see the effort of trying to stablish a methodology
that fit on the different excel versions and format worldwide in order to make
a standardized exam, great job! Also, tips, exams questions and extra
material encourage you to find different ways and explore more all excel
option... 

















Thanks
i have learned a lot.
I was skeptical about this course teaching me anything new, but I was pleasantly proven wrong. As Nicky said, most of us are self-taught and that leaves us with a lot of unknown blind spots. Everything was explained in detail, and whatever was left for us to figure out on our own was solvable. This course has left me very satisfied.
Excellent class very challenging but feel more confident about my skills in excel. Liked working on the graphs mostly. Liked how I could go back and review what I missed on the test. The instructors were excellent very engaging! The tech department got back to me right away on what I thought might be a tech issue. I would recommend!
I often felt learning Excel is complicated due to the numerous resources available online and various books. This course is a must do- Although its important that you begin from the Excel essentials course as you end up being surprised with a whole lot of excel functionalities that exist. A must do course i would say. All the best !
This course was amazing. Hadn't expected all these skills could be learned so fluidly. Loved the ninja tricks and keyboard shortcuts! Now, I am determined to complete all the upcoming parts of this course up to the advanced :)<3 Thanks Prasant and Nicky; you are great teachers <3<3 Thanks Macquarie University <3<3 Thanks Coursera <3
I find this class very motivating and extremelly helpful! I recently graduated with a degree in Business Administration and I see the importance of having very good excel skills.  I'm planning to continue taking these classes until I'm able to master Excel!  Thank you for setting up such an exciting and important class for business!
Starting with another course in this specialization, so it is easily understandable how good this course is, to have a strong foundation, this course is highly recommended. I am going to enroll in the whole specialization as the whole course is structured in a good manner, and made for everyone, also with the one with no knowledge.
Very helpful in learning basic functions of Excel & proper names of things. As an experienced user, I found the videos and practice challenges were extremely useful in teaching more in-depth knowledge, useful shortcuts and detailed descriptions of functions within Excel. I'm excited to move on to the other sections of this course!
This course is simply amazing. All instructions are provided in a clear manner by both instructors, and the skills i've gained over such a short period of time are simply amazing. It has already made my work much more easier. I didn't know Excel was so much fun! I plan to enroll for the next parts of the course as well. Thank you!
excellent course before starting this course i dont know much about Excel.Now i know excel really well as practice makes permanent.Thanks to Teacher Nicky and Prashan who made this course and explain it very perfectly."WOW' experience for me.those who dont know much about excel dont think just enroll to this course.Happy learning
THIS course add many information to me. this course is excellent.  i have learned in this course how to sum -subtraction-division-multi ply - how to make table- print -furmoula - filter-sort-find and replace - and many many other skills ---- this course  is above my expectations - i apprciate and thankful for macquarie university
Even though i have used excel in my job for many years and basically been self taught - this course has opened my eyes up to lots of functions, short cuts that i was not aware of with save me an excessive amount of time moving forward. I highly recommend doing this cause before trying to do any other more advanced excel courses.
This course is beneficial, and the instructors have explained the course very nicely. It was helpful for me to learn new things and also some tricks in excel. I will suggest this course to everyone interested in excel. Also, the practice exercises given in the course module were beneficial in brush-up our ideas regarding excel.
I learned Excel SKILLS  for business,  now i am able to perform basic calculations with formulas and functions, format spreadsheets, create visualizations of data through charts and graphs and  Printing .I have more confidence and building up my skills and knowledge.  Thank you all the instructors -- Macquarie Business  School
Course is well done for Excel Introduction.  All the practice videos and assessments are helpful, but there were some typos on the final assessment for the course.  Please revise as the columns are mislabeled on a few questions.  Outside of that flawless course and would recommend to anybody looking to hone their Excel skills.
This course is tremendous if you expect to start from fundamental of excel learning. However, I believe this program is better favourable for Microsoft Windows users. You will discover some unique ninja techniques as well as crucial learning. Moreover, both instructors created the teaching system more extraordinary & cheerful.
The assessments were one of the most challenging I had in Coursera. They took basic quizzes after every video to reap the ideas. Also, weekly graded quizzes were there too. Lastly, the final with the limited time was initially very daunting without practice. MUST DO course, as everyone should have the basic knowledge of Excel.
This course really helped me build confidence with using Excel.  It is a pretty comprehensive introduction to Excel basics that was just right for me.  A little challenging but not too intimidating.  I feel better prepared to use Excel everyday in the workplace and to build on the knowledge gained in this introductory course.
It was amazingly structured addressing all types of audience. For me, most of the things were already known. Even then, there would some small feature of Excel which I was not knowing which I learnt through this course. It was gripping and I was hooked on to it right till the end. Amazing pedagogy as well. Kudos to the team!
Great introductory course! Lecturers were thorough and made learning fun and the dissecting of information into small chunks at a time, quizzes, weekly challenges and assessments really cemented learning.Even if you have prior knowledge of Excel, you're guaranteed to learn something new from this course. Highly recommend it!
Straight forward and great curriculum. I like very much :1) the introduction phase followed by an explanation of what are the students going to explore 2) the various topics followed by a test 3) additional exercises called challenges 4) tricks and tippsHighly recommend it and I look forward to discovering the next modules.
An excellent course for newcomers to Excel! I thought the teaching approach style used was extremely helpful. The interim assessments were excellent and done in a very pragmatic style. What felt initially as possibly intimidating was dispensed with from the very first video. The student was made to feel very comfortable and
These is an Excellent course for each and everyone, whether you are a working professional or not. It teaches you from basics, you will feel much confident in using Excel after this course. You will be astonished how much you don't know about our humble Excel. Also, its a must course for Business professional handling data.
This was a great learning experience. All the courses in this specialization were awesome and the videos were detailed. The first three course assignments were easy, but the advance course did challenge me and took quite a while to complete. I recommend this course to anyone who wants to have an in depth knowledge of excel.
I discovered that i had so many gaps in Basic Excel skills. I used excel in a way one uses a scientific calculator for addition and multiplication only. Now I need to practise my newly acquired skills and share my Knowledge with colleagues for better retention. Thank you so much. Will consider going to the next level soon.
Very good course. The best part is the quiz after every video. It helps in grasping the concept thoroughly. The course is to the point and I am pretty sure it will help everyone. I suggest anyone who is looking for an Excel course should subscribe to this one and others that come with " Excel for Business course".Thank you
This is very helpful to me to learn the basics of Microsoft Excel. The instructors gave instructions which helps me to do basics work in Microsoft Excel. They also gave the shortcut key for various options which is helpful to do work quickly. The practice sheets that are given are very beneficial to understand any problem.
I have, my whole life, been an Excel hunt-'n'-pecker. I've hated searching all over for functions that I knew existed, but could not find anywhere. This course, in 6 weeks, gave a very helpful overview, and also helped me navigate sorting, filters, charts, formulas, and more in an easy to understand way. Thank you so much!
I really liked this course, the instructors & their teaching Methodology. This will clear your all basic Excel doubts and get you prepare to learn Intermediate & Advance versions. I am really confident with my basic excel skills now. I would like to thanks the University, instructors & Coursera. Please go for this course.
It was amazing with our course instructor Mr. Prashan karunaratne and Mrs. Nikki. In this course, I learn deeply about how excel really works. How to customize the data in a very nice and easy way. I'm very glad to achieve this course certificate. Thanks to Coursera for giving such a nice opportunity for students like me.
This is a well structured class, my excel skills are self taught so essentials was really able to fill in some gaps. The practice workbooks are essential and very helpful. The format of the class is well organized and executed. I already feel more confident in my skills and ready to learn more in the intermediate levels.
You think you know all the essentials? I thought so too.Turns out I didn't. A number of processes I stressed about can actually be done automatically by following some simple steps. Want to manage and visualize your data more easily? Excel has got you covered, but you probably don't know yet. You should try this course.
The course has been very well outlined and presented. I really enjoyed doing this course and flexibility of timings and doing it at my convenient phase. I will strongly recommend the course to my friends and is a platform for learning & enhancing the skills on various topics. Looking forward to continue my learning jour
This course structured for anyone who wants to know basic functionalities of Excel. The pedagogy was also designed to keep the student motivated by solving practical examples and to reinforce what was being taught. Overall, a perfectly designed course. Highly recommended for anyone who needs a basic knowledge of Excel!
There was something here for everyone. It wasn't just for beginners.  Even though I already had some knowledge in Excel, I gained a lot of tips and tricks I never learned before. The teachers explained good reasons for knowing certain skills and gave real examples on how to use the new skills. It was well worth taking.
I've been using Excel for years but I learned about a number of tools I never bothered to use before because I didn't know how. Even if this is a basic course, it is all-encapsulating and insightful. This course is highly recommended for those who want to lay a solid foundation for learning more advanced Excel skills.
This course does a great job of introducing Excel.  The pace is good for first-timers with clear instructions, and is still a nice review for those who just need to brush up their basic Excel skills.  It will not get in to some of the very technical nitty-gritty of what Excel is capable of, but is a good start/review.
Very informative! I started an internship and had very little exposure to excel. By the time I was done with this course I was making spreadsheets with no problem at all! I was even starting to manipulate and analyze the data independently! And to think this is only course 1? Wow!!!! My managers were very impressed :)
Very informative course and made extremely straightforward with the guided excel files and the end of the week challenge. One of the best courses if you want to learn the basic functionality of excel or even acquire some "ninja tips" to provide you with much needed shortcuts, helpful even for proficient excel users!
Great course! Thank you.Useful, easy to follow (and flexible) sequence of video and practice quiz. Easy to review if necessary.Engaging and professional presenters. Professional videos. TOUGH exam. A real challenge at the end. I didn't plan to take the next level course but now I am motivated thanks to this course.
the course was awesome. It was really engaging, if you don't believe it then let me tell you that I finished the course in 4 days. I thank all the instructors from the bottom of my heart. thank you very much for making this course this much interesting. I am proud to say that I am your student. thank you very much!
I had an absolutely great experience taking this course. The instructers are Fun, Understandable, and Well Organized. Throughout the course, they gave step by step instructions that where simple to follow for every excel noob to grasp! Definitely going to take the other courses offered by these wonderful teachers!
Good for reviewing and reinforcing basic Excel skills. Also perfect for someone who doesn't have previous experience with this software. All the explanations were clear, the practical videos entertaining and the assessments were challenging and helped me to convert the knowledge into real skills. 100% recommended.
Great Course! Practice makes Permanent, it's right. We think we know how to use excel and think it's easy. But through this course, I learned a lot more about and how amazing things we can do with it. Assignments are amazing, it makes you practice questions on excel rather than just providing theory and questions.
The content is very well created, organized and accurate; I will definitely recommend this course to my colleagues. I learned some ways on my own in this "Excel world", but after this course, despite it was the essentials one, I learned so many new tricks and ways to do better what I thought I had mastered before.
Very good for beginners. Informative and they really guide you through everything they teach, but they need to add a little more to address the differences between windows and mac. I had to repeat one of the tests 3 times because they use windows while teaching and I use mac. Otherwise a must have for excel users.
Informative, precise, crisp! The workbooks are the most effective way to practice, and after completing the lectures of whole week you can implement it comprehensively in the weekly challenge section. I am looking forward to master the paramount skills of Excel by attending all the courses in this specialization.
Amazing course! I took this program to maintain my already obtained knowledge after I pursued excel specialist certification from microsoft. I am gonna be taking Excel expert certification from microsoft and using this specialization to kinda stay in the Excel theme and gain more knowledge. thank you to teachers.
This is by far one of the best excel courses I have come across. Lots of practice materials, really well designed course to have a good brush up of skills. Instructors should take a bow for creating great quality journey for the students. Really recommended and looking forward to doing the next one in the series.
The contents and the exams are surprisingly organized. I am thankful to the course instructors whose friendly and supportive approach made me learn such an essential skills of excel. Looking forward to the Intermediate courses of this series. I hope to find the same instructors in the next courses, if not better.
This was my first course using coursera and I was pleasantly surprised how great and easy it is to use. I enjoyed being able to watch a video and work alongside the instructor. Once you feel comfortable with the topic at hand, you can complete the exercise and quiz for each section. It was a great learning tool!
Excellent couse. Eventhough I had previous skills for Excel (which I considered as Intermediate level), this course taught me several new tools which I had never used before and which will be definitely handy at my workplace. In a few words, I highly recommend to take the course even for non-starters students.
this course help to learn a student that how can he or she manage or work on its excel primarily.those who don't know anything (or have a little knowledge) about excel or heard the first time they can give a try. through this course, definitely anyone will learn about excel to use in most regular numeric work.
This is an extremely well build course. I am super happy to share my experience. I would love to thank the professors who have taught every basic element of excel. The course is very well designed right from the first session. Looking forward to complete the specialization. A big Thank You to Coursera as well!
It was fun, I have learned so much about things I have never thought I would learn. it was a bit boring but with practicing what makes permanent.  Now I can do my own excel and add all the information that I want to learn.. I am looking forward to finishing level 2 of this Excel and master it. Thank you again.
After working with Excel for over half a decade, I was pretty sure I had covered the basics, and then I studied this course and found a bunch of features I'd never used or known about! A great primer for anyone working with Excel, especially self-taught users like myself who may have missed some of the basics.
The Essentials course was excellent, it covered every part of excel that's necessary for the business and professional market. The didactic was amazing, the lessons were very interesting and the practice exercises truly covered what was taught during the lessons. I'm very excited for the Intermediate course!
Good well built course, i was working with excel 2 years before but just want to make sure i didn't forget my skills as i was mostly self educated in excel. This curse was exactly what i need and the explanations are not too long so you have time to digest it. I think i'm good for a more advanced course now.
It’s a very helpful course for learners to improve on basic
excel skills which help to work with excel at an optimal rate.Course content and structure are very much enjoyable and
excellent. Course teachers deliver the lectures in an efficient manner to help
learn the concepts in a very short period to time.
It was a fantastic course. The course structure, practice quiz and assignments were designed perfectly and did enjoy every bit of the work progress. Learning myriad uses of Excel has been absolutely overwhelming and just waiting to apply in the real world just like Prashan said, "practice makes permanent".
Kudos to the staff of Macquarie University who taught this course. Practicing on the workbooks alongside the videos really helped me to master the contents in this course. I gained a lot of skills  which should help me in the future. Eagerly looking forward to the next course in this specialization series.
This course is definitely one of the most well planned course. The way things are taught and how the doubts are clarified from the first session is amazing. The quiz helped me to remember the basics and the challenges helped me to move further and rectify my mistakes. Kudos to the effort put in the course.
A great course for beginners in MS Excel. I had been using excel for a long time and I thought I knew a lot, but this course showed there's much more to what I knew. It's a well-structred course and I enjoyed the content. The language is very simple for all to understand and the tests are tricky at times.
Really I'm so much happy to spend every single second with this amazing course.In the first, I thought that I know so much about Excel, but this first course mentioned all that I knew and more really. Thank you for this amazing course and I'm looking forward to finishing the whole specialization soon. ❤❤
Very good foundational course. I would consider myself an intermediate to advanced user, however it was very good practice to review all this material and look forward to the next course. Furthermore, it is important to say that the lecturers are very clear throughout the module, very easy to understand.
It was a very exciting and crucial course for those who are using Excel on a daily basis. I had learned Excel while working, however, it was without a proper basic foundation. This course has helped me walk through it effectively. I am so grateful that I have completed this course during this pandemic.
thIsIsa  great experience with courser to complete my certificate. I'm so glad at the moment and looking forward to get more certificate to enhance my knowledge and practical skill to help my real life.once again thanks to all my teachers who prepare all the videos slides and test.Regards,Arslan Hameed
This is a great course for anyone who wants to sharpen their Excel skills! It's easy to follow along, the instructors are very good at explaining things, and it really explains the important essentials of Excel. Very pleased I was able to complete this course and become more confident with the basics!
Extremely useful! especially for those who are self-taught. I thought I knew even the most basic of thigs, but boy was I wrong. Now that I have competed the course, I can see that I waste less time and have higher quality spreadsheets. The format of the course is very well done and keeps you engaged.
Hi everybody, I want to thank you for this course. I've tried a couple of different Excel courses before but this one was the one that really worked for me.  Great structure, concise explanation,  a lot of practice exercises. It is worth all your time and more!!! Thank you, again! See you in Part 2!
Seven Star for this course: Very informative and practical, covering most of the well used tools apt for making any basic Excel user in command of the software. Very Effective. Keep making such impact driven online courses. Look forward to Excel-Intermediate-I, Excel-Intermediate-II, Excel-Advanced.
it was exciting to go through this course and gained knowledge is very useful. Advice, go from Essentials course through Advanced course in this specialization in sequential order. There are many things to learn in each course no matter what your previous  knowledge is. This course was really great.
It was an awesome experience. Now, I can operate excel way better than before. Many basic elements that make our excel work much faster, I have learned from here. Thank you, mentors. The topic of videos and the quiz question was so effective to evaluate self. I am really glad to part of this course.
I am surprised at how well this course is laid out! Even though I am self taught and thought that the Essentials course was unnecessary for me, I see now how wrong I was. I have learned so much. The quizzes and practice assignments are well done. I wish I would have taken these classes 10 years ago.
Very, very helpful!  I thought I was fairly proficient with Excel before this course.  However, I wasn't using most tools to their full potential.  I was amazed during every lessons at the tricks that I did not know.  This class is easy to understand, easy to follow, and provides practical practice.
Excellent Course. Provide detailed insights about the basic functions across the Excel. The assignments and practice working challenge will make you clear about basic concepts and practice quiz has been arranged to make more efficient. If you are looking forward to learn the basic excel, this is it.
This course has been amazing and full of learning for me personally as it has given me idea regarding functions, formulas, page layout, filter and sort and using charts and how to create tables and sheets in Excel. Overall, it has been amazing experience of working and learning new tricks in Excel.
I've tried out a few different Excel courses on different platforms (Udemy, LinkedIn Learning) and none has even come close to the quality of this course! The pacing is perfect, and all of the hands-on practice makes you actually develop and retain skills in Excel. 10/10 would recommend this course
The Excel Skills for Beginners:Essentials has been a boon for me as a beginner. Although I had some prior experience with excel, this course helped me consolidate my previous skills I had with excel and helped me add new skills to my repertoire too! Would heartily recommend this course to everyone.
It was a very informative course. And I enjoyed the challenges. I now understand how effective excel in daily life. I am up to more challenges, and I'll jump into the next level of the course and aim to finish it. The goal is to learn and use the knowledge at work so I can be an efficient employee.
Very Interesting Course, and tbh The instructors were quite helpful and it was fun. Not at all boring The quiz, assessment were very interesting. I polished my skills more hereAdditionally you will get to learn Aussie accents of different words ;) if you are a new to excel you will learn a TONNN!!
I have tried some excel courses, none of them were as clear and concise as this one. I strongly recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn Excel in proper order with beneficial tests and examples. It is crystal clear that there were thousands of thoughts and expertise behind this course.
The course is so planned that it is easy to understand and the pace is great for someone who is working or studying and has a tight schedule as the practice videos are for 5 to 6 minutes and practice test does  not take more than 15 minutes. I am really satisfied with the course and will do more .
Excellent course. I just wished that instead of a lot of questions like true and false, for each week they should have had a couple of long quizzes similar to that final test after the 6th week.  Overall satisfied though and it was a great refresher since I haven't really used Excel for years now.
This was a nice refresher for someone who uses Excel a lot, but doesn't do a lot of heavy data work. It will help you learn all of the tips and tricks to get your work done faster and more efficiently. It's a nice way to whet your appetite for the Intermediate courses which I highly recommend too.
It is worth a five star rating. You have left no room for candidate to pass without learning /understanding / practicing properly / in right proportion. However his /her expertise still lies in his practice.Bravo team. Excellent way of teaching that too online when someone may cheat for passing.
I enjoyed learning the basics of Excel. The faculty of Maquire has fabulously handled each lesson. The final assessment was a great learning exercise covering almost all the practical concepts that were discussed. This course has given me confidence and removed my fear to deal with spreadsheets.
I liked the way the course it's organized. I already had previous experience with Excel, but still this course gave me the chance to reinforce the basics and to learn some new tips and tricks, It's great that you can keep learning anywhere, anytime- There's no excuse to stop learning. Thank you.
This course is very important and teaches you all the essentials and basics that everyone needs in his work or daily life. After finishing this course I become more professional using Excel and now, I can do my tasks in very short time, so I will impress my manager at work. Thank you very much.
I am an engineering student and this is absolutely perfect for what I am trying to acheive and advance my knowledge in! I am so grateful I ran into this course on here. I have tried other courses online (not through Coursera) and they just don't get into the detailing that this course gives me!
Thorough coverage of the basic terminology, navigational skills, and baseline understandings needed to begin growing your Excel know-how. My work has led to a lot of self-teaching so much of this was review, but there were some excellent time-savers and explanations that I'm glad I didn't miss!
I loved this course! I really enjoyed how Prashan and Nicky explain things and how they encourage us to do what's necessary to learn. I already had some experience with Excel, but this Essentials course allowed me to fill some gaps. Thank you so much! And see you in the Intermediate I course :)
totally manageable! This is presented in bite-sized chunks that allows for quick assimilation. The only place I felt slightly overwhelmed was in the comprehensive final, but still pulled off 100%. Found the instructors very likable. The information was relevant and meaningful to the work I do.
The journey through Excel skills for Business:Essentials on coursera has been  wonderful and insightful, with  numerous assignments and work challenges to get you thinking! I really had fun and this is a stepping stone to higher journeys in Excel which I am looking forward to!Thanks Coursera!
Expertly done. The interaction through quizzes played a huge role in cementing the concepts. I also loved how they taught you additional things through the readings and quizzes and almost forced you to open Excel and play around to find answers that weren't said in the videos. Very well done!
Great course for beginners.  Much of this was a review for me, but I did learn some keyboard and navigation shortcuts that I wasn't aware of before.  Course content was easy to follow and exercises were great.  Will be taking the Intermediate and Advanced courses through Macquarie University.
I had very limited experience with using Excel, so I really enjoyed taking this course. It helped me understand how to navigate and use the various tools and features of Microsoft Excel more effectively and efficiently to stay productive. Thank you Prashan and Nicky for teaching this course!
One of the best course attended by me. The level of understanding through this course is outstanding . each and every concept is explain in such a way that it makes you to learn more and more  and get deep into the topic. The tutor's Prashan sir and Nicky ma'am are just fanstatic. Thankyou!!
An excellent well devised course with affable, likable teachers.  Far exceeded my expectations.  Thank you.  You've raised the bar high, hope other courses are as good on Coursera.  A tiny niggle, can't figure out how to get out of 'sort' and revert worksheet to what it was.  Filter is fine.
It is a very useful course for beginners as well as any student.It does not matter which position are you standing or what is your stream.It is very basic certification course for excel.i hope everyone enjoyed this work when they perform their works.Thank you couresera & my Institution also.
I really loved how Nikki and Prashan explained the way excel worked. It was meaningful and easy to understand. I was able to navigate through excel like a professional by the end of the course. The assessment and quiz really helped me to navigate through the course. Thank You to both Of you!
Am Mohammed  a tech geek, I took this wonderful course to increase my knowledge in excel and it has help me alot. In fact I was introduced to many things I don't know before.  The Instructors are very excellent in impacting knowledge,  I look forward to learning more from them.Thank you all
It is such a great course with a lot of practical tasks and clear explanations. This is definitely the source that helps you learn more about excel from the very beginning. Thanks to the whole team that did an amazing job with this course. I will definitely be recommending it to my friends.
The course was fun. It is organised in small videos along with practice videos which is very handy. I really liked the course. I could finish it way ahead of schedule for its layout of the course. This course helped me a lot to brush up my excel skills. Thank you Coursera and my University.
So good, very good course to touch on the basics of Excel. Doesn't matter how proficient you think you are at Excel, there's always chance to learn something new, which is exactly what I did. There were many things and tricks I was able to learn because of this course. Totally recommended!!
Very systematic and extremely useful. I'm having an internship right now and this course increase my productivity a lot. Will upgrade the course and earn a certificate later when I have time to finish all the exercises. Thanks all the lecturers and ppl who contribute to making this course!!
This course is exceptional. The subject matter is presented in a logical and practical manner. The practice quizzes are very helpful in determining if you've understood the various lessons taught. I cannot wait to take the other related courses! I've learned so many new things about Excel!
This course really helped me out, it cleared up many of the issues I faced when working with Excel. It is obvious that the instructors know what they're talking about. I can wholeheartedly recommend this course to anyone who want to turn Excel frustration into Excel with strong confidence.
A very nice course that slowly takes you through the most essential Excel skills. Perfect for a beginner. Would recommend to get yourself also used to the other Excel tools during and after the course, since the course only explores the most useful options. Thank you, Prashan and Niki _/\_
I have learnt Excel from many other platforms and then my friends recommended me Coursera, when I started doing this course, it seemed overwhelming but when you actually pull through is when you learn it. And you learn it for lifetime. Amazing course, Kudos to team. #practicemakespermanent
Really useful content. I had experience using excel before, but as they said, I was self taught. Now I have filled many lacks of knowledge that I had about Excel basics. Thank you so much, I recommend this course 100%. I am going for the intermediate 1 to keep learning and filling my gaps.
Though have been using Excel as an undergrad before, I realized that I missed out a lot in Excel. Taking this Excel Skills for Business: Essentials really helped me to be more confident in Excel and to fill in lapses in knowledge about the software. Thank you Coursera for this opportunity!
I am very satisfied with this course, it's very didatic and doesn't leave no one behind. If you speak English you can learn all... We practiced a lot, and that's really important. It was a soft, fun and essential course. Congrats to team in the back scenes, I'm moving forward now, thanks.
This course just gave me the opportunity to learn a lot about excel and it makes me feeling more confident in future. Instructors Nicki and Prashan was just awesome throughout the whole course. Thanks a lot to Macquire University for offering this course. Its just an extraordinary course.
Thank you for such an engaging experience with this course and that I really enjoyed Prashan and Nicky inspirational talks. The final test was definitely challenging but it made it even more rewarding passing. I will recommend this to my friends in the future. Thanks again.Sincerely, Mike
This course includes the basic essential knowledge to use Microsoft Excel with keyboard shortcuts. The best part I liked about this course is the quiz. They are of mostly practical questions than theoretical. You have to workout the given questions in Excel and find out the answer for it.
This is a very Knowledge gaining platform the videos are the best and the teachers were very best and the quiz and every this thing in the course was very great and the best part is the reset the deadline of the course which is the best option .i love this course and the teaching style .
Very good foundational Microsoft Excel course. Instructors were engaging and thought really useful stuff, thought I was decent at Excel till I took this course and realised I was missing out so many functions. Really recommend this, never felt the content was boring/useless at any point.
I have been using Excel for a very long time. Being autodidactic, I have picked up enough at my own, to carry on my office job. Going through the course in a systematic manner made me even more confident. Thank You Prashan and Nicky from Macquarie University for making it easy to learn.
I really like the way they demonstrate every action then immediately have a test on the knowledge I just learned. There are lots of things that I thought I already knew, but my knowledge was not thorough. The course has truly given me a foundation and solidified what I've already known.
At first i would like to thanks the Coursera  team to give such a wonderful opportunity. I also thanks to MACQUARIE University team for learn a wonderful think just like Excel. Its really need for me. I learn a lot of about excel. I think it really help me in the near future. Thank you.
To be honest, the best course to try your hand at as a beginner. At each and every step you give a test of your understanding. The practice tests during the course and final assessments at the end of every week have been structured in a way to make you learn every excel skill perfectly!
Brilliant primer on the basics of Excel.  Most online courses teaching excel usually gloss over the topic. Thankfully this course gets to the nitty and gritty of Excel basics.  Even a seasoned pro user can learn something.  I give it 5+ stars!! Can't wait to complete the other 3 courses
It was a very delighting experience to attempt this course and i learned a lot from this course which would help me in my  upcoming journey of my career.this is a very detailed course and whoever wants to excel all the skills of Microsoft Excel, i recommend this course as the best one.
it was wonderful I enjoy it a lot it was so clear and simple I feel very confident about excel although it is just essentials ,am so excited to take the intermediate one .Just one tip if, we can add discussion with tutor at least by the end of the course it will add value to the course
Great course. The content is very helpful and nicely taught by the instructors. Just had a few "problems" in some tests because I have an old version of excel, so when there were questions about where can this be found or what is the name of a certain layout, I couldn't get them right.
I must say, it was a wonderful experience taking a course from Coursera and Macquaire of course. I will highly recommend this to people(like me) who think excel is some rocket science and we cannot do it.And the key to this course is- "Practise makes Permanent" as Instructor emphasis.
This course greatly helped me review fundamental Excell skills. During the final test, I was interrupted a few times because my Excel did not respond when I applied Filter to answer the questions. Overall, this is an excellent course for those who want to gain basic concepts of Excel.
I really appreciate the teaching methods used in this course, the provision of a workbook to practice with was immensely helpful. Though I have been using Excel before taking the course, I still learned a lot about some tools and terminologies. I am very grateful to Nicky and Preshan.
As the name suggests, this course overs the essentials of Ms Excel. These are just the basics or the foundation of excel and are quite important to understand them and to learn advance and intermediate feature. The professors have done a great job curating this course for the newbies.
My name Deepak Kumar Chaurasia. I am from India. This course is well structure and it very good for beginner who want gain new skill. well, when i had started this skill i did not know about excel. Now i have completed this course and i know every skill which consists in it. Thank you
I've been using Excel for a while now, and this course made me realize that I needed a course that went over the basics of Excel instead of just giving me a "crash course" on it. I would highly recommend that both beginner's and seasoned pros take this essential Excel training course.
Best one and truly you made me earn that certificate. I bet none can give so true and predicted feedback in assigment. It seems that software is making it real time evaluation. Thank you Nikkie and Saun and commendable effort by Macquaire University. At last thanks a lot to Coursera.
Wonderful and good course. Professor, you have made us to concentrate on quizzes firmly. If one thing in the order is missing, we are out of quiz. Very nicely organised. Excellent teaching. Cleared most of the doubts. I am willing to take other courses taught by you. Thank you sir...
This was my first course on coursera, and I loved it. Thank you for designing an affordable course that covers the basics. I am looking forward to the other courses in this specialization. Thanks for increasing my confidence on excel, I owe Macquire university and the excellent prof.
This course definitely has helped me to work with excel much better and faster. I learnt a lot of short cuts and terminology  commonly used in the industry. It is definitely worth spending time and money. I am going for the entire course of  specialization  Excel skills for business.
Great course, albeit six weeks is excessive, more like about 4-5 days of work to learn and do the efforts. Most tests were really straight forward, a couple odd wording sentences but overall not too difficult. I actually liked the many hands on course work and presenters were clear.
Very well put together course, the format and follow along worksheets with the videos were incredible. The challenges at the end of every week were always exciting, because you can showcase what you have just learned. Thanks to the awesome instructors I am proficient in Excel Basics
This course is designed as beautiful and bright. Now I have great visual and basics of excel. I want to continue for the next course series. I'm glad that I start from the 1st-course series. It's worth doing. I hope I'm going to learn more useful tricks in the next course.Thank you.
Im so happy that I join this Excel Course as I learn a lot and improve my skills in ExcelThanks to the doctors who explain the basics of Excel and for their inspiration.I gaining a lot from this course because of the professional doctors and videos has good qualityThanks in advance!
best for beginners it covered most of the topics and everything is explained in a very detailed way. Thanks to Macquarie University and coursera for providing this amazing opportunity to learn something new. yes! sean did have tricky problems..hehe it took a bit to solve everything.
Amazing course, I feel more confident in using Excel.  I never thought I will enjoy using excel in my day to day life.  The course is best for the beginner as well as people who want to get familiar with the terminology of excel. Can't wait to subscribe for the intermediate course.
That's an excellent course. I recommend it to anyone who is interested in learning basic yet essential Excel skills. Very well structured, instructions are clear and the videos well explained. Above all, it's done in a friendly and interactive way, I enjoyed the whole thing! Thanks
This course was very interesting. I liked the way they explained (one step at a time). for those who had no idea about Excel, I strongly recommend the course. To be honest, I spent a much longer time than given for each week, but it was worth the hours. A big thank you to the team.
Excellent beginners course. Lots of practice and quizzes to ensure you understand the content. Some of the questions were tricky, but overall a very fair course. Final Assessment is a nice challenge. However, if you follow the directions correctly, it is very easy to attain a 100%.
Excellent course. Whilst I already knew some of the course content, I was able to to learn the actual temrs for actions (e.g. conditional formatting rahter than 'that thing when you make stuff stand out'). I also learnt a number of new things. I would highly reccomend this course.
I really enjoyed this course. Even though I've been using Excel for years, I learned something in every segment of this course. The structure and pace made it easy to learn and and the exercises and quizzes did a good job of reinforcing learning which leads to excellent retention.
Perfect course for students who don't know how to use excel or those who are beginners. I have learned quite a lot of Excel skills for business in this course very comfortably. I would surely suggest this course to business students who are looking forward to acquire excel skills.
Fantastic course. Gave me the fundaments and also realised how much more there is still to learn. Excel is certainly very powerful I cannot believe there are another 2 levels of study. Great teaching with videos, reading material and exercises all adding to he learning experience.
Absolutely wonderful course, impeccable teaching/instruction and LOVE THE PACE OF THE SPEAKERS. They really go out of their way to make sure you understand each step one by one, and provide great examples of how do use the tools and functions. highly recommend this specialization!
Hello,I am Suyash Khadayate from INDIA.Before taking this course i was not familiar with the different tools present in the MS Excel.and how to use them.After taking this course it helped me a lot to know more in deep about the excel .It will be helpul for me in future .Thankyou.
Exceptionally great course. Totally practical and great way of teaching. I really improved my skills in excel and now I'm heading for the specialization of Excel Skills for Business. I will be doing all the four courses. Thanks to Coursera, Macquarie University and special thanks
Before starting this course I knew a few little things about Microsoft excel. After doing this course with Coursera under Macquarie University I feel more comfortable with excel. Hopefully, the next course will make me more comfortable. In a word, I am having an awesome feeling.
A good experience, mostly for beginners who want to learn the basics. Some things which were meant to be difficult like filtering and sorting the data were explained with ease and those tests were very helpful for me to analyze and practice those areas where I lacked confidence.
An excellent course that revises all the most important skills that Excel offers. I noticed that while I was getting along the content, I started to make better and nicer reports with much more tools and better data visualisation.This course really made the difference in my job.
Great course!!!Even if you think that you have the basic knowledge of Excel, there is always something new that you can learn or refresh. I have been working with excel for about 5 years now and this course helped me to refresh my knowledge and I learned new tips and shortcuts.
Already knowing a bit of the basics on Microsoft Excel, I've learned more than what I had already known in regards to formulas/functions and how to adequately create/edit charts. This was a great refresher and helpful with learning the essential through the wide spectrum excel.
A great beginner course for excel users of any level. This course delivers a great experience and has increased my knowledge and confidence with Excel and exposed me to various techniques and shortcuts which will undoubtedly be very useful for my personal and professional life.
Excellent course.Being familiar with Excel before I did not want to take course initially and move directly to intermediate level. I am glad I took. A lot of information and tips I was not aware of.Strongly recommend for anyone who is planning to excel her/his Excel competence.
Since I have used templates containing many of these formulas and functions in my work, most of them came quickly and easily. The review and application were very helpful! I am looking forward to the challenges of the next course, though I expect to take longer to complete it.
It was an awesome experience for me to learn all this stuff about excell at cheap cost. This course made me realize that we need to work hard and understand the concept in order to qualify to learn anything.Thank you prasan and nikki ma'am. Mr Prasann looks like an Indian guy.
A very wholesome introduction to Excel. Printing Excel sheets was quite a daunting task for me due to which I have faced embarrassment in office on more than one occasion. Having passed this course, I now am much more confident with my Excel skills. Thanks to the instructors!!
The class was challenging, yet explained very well. I felt much more confident in my basic knowledge of Excel. Would definitely recommend it to others! I work exceptionally long hours, and though it was challenging at times, I felt a strong sense of accomplishments! Thank you!
Some quizz questions seemed to be geared towards MS users. As I am a Mac user and some functionalities vary, I wasn't able to answer a couple of course questions correctly. Otherwise, it's a great course and I love the interactive format with loads of quizzes and assignments!
This course is really
helpful even if you think you know the basics of excel there are still a lot
to learn where, by self-learning most of the time there are some gaps
this course can fill these gaps. you will be able to learn how to be creative
and fast using the shortcuts.
Excellent Course I learnt a lot a big thanks to the Instructors Nikki and Prasan who made the course content so simple and easy to learn, it was fun solving the excersises and the Toolkit is really helpful and Informative.Most recommended if you want your basics to get clear.
Great course. I like how everything is explained, with real-life examples and a lot of practice files. I was surprised when I realized that there were a lot of shortcuts (that I didn't know) and better and easier ways to work in excel which makes my work faster and efficient.
Challenging enough for the self-taught, but easy enough for the complete beginner to follow along. The tests gave constructive criticism when you get wrong answers. Practical Challenges were very fun to accomplish as you can see how lessons can apply in real life situations!
I really like the way that course structure, especially beginners like me.It will going to help me a lot in my work.The instructors' strategy for this course is very effective and easy to learn. And because of its simplicity i completed this course before the scheduled time.
This course offers valuable information and is very pedagogical. At first I thought it would be to easy for me since I've already worked a bit in Excel, but it was good for me to refreshen and learn all the short cuts. I'm definitely more sure of my Excel skills now. Thanks!
Thank you for a wonderful course.  I've been using Excel for several years and am fairly proficient already, but this course taught me terminology I wasn't aware of (such as the fill handle) and some new shortcuts.  Each topic was presented well, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Great class. As a self-taught user, I can fill in the gaps. The course is very well designed, I liked it, as well as the quizzes, evaluations and challenges. I fully agree that the practice makes permanent. I highly recommend the course. I look forward to the other sessions
This course is amazing. Every video is made interestingly and fun to work with. the practice quiz helps a lot to remember what we have learnt to in the previous video. The instructors makes this course amazing thanks to them. I make sure that i complete this specialization.
The videos were very informative and easy to follow and learn from.  Although they did cut off a few seconds early.  That was fine though since I had the transcript for each video it was easy to follow and complete.  I am excited to continue on with the rest of the courses.
course instructors teach this course easily. They represent visual more efficiently. In software learning course its necessary good visual. The assessment processes was good but final assessment was little bit hard. I enjoyed this course. now I feel confident to use Excel.
This is one of the best courses until now I have learned from Coursera. I started this course as a complete beginner. Now I am comfortable with my work with excels. I recommend for a beginner and a partial knowledge in Excel, who wants to learn excel should do this course.
Great course! The lectures are all very clear and two lecturers are very patient. Most importantly, when you answer questions correct in the assessment, you will see words of encouragement under the "tick" symbol, a design that is unique among all the courses I have taken.
I REALLY APPRECIATE THE UNIVERSITY AND COURSERA ARRANGING SUCH IMPORTANT SHORT TERM COURSES IN SUCH SHORT PERIOD OF TIME. YOUR QUESTIONS ARE EASY TO PASS IF STUDENTS REALLY ATTEND CLASS REGULARLY.  THE COURSES MIGHT BE SHORTEN TO THE POINT IF IT DEMANDED OR ITS TECHNICAL.
Great course for a new excel user!  I was able to learn fast and quickly grasp new and more advanced concepts.  I really liked the way these instructors explained things and then further reinforced them with application.  I would definitely recommend this class to others!
Though I have used Excel in my earlier life but this course has packed all the basic stuffs along with numerous techniques I wasn't aware of but used to anyway. This course will definitely benefit the newbies and also help the intermediate ones to grasp the whole picture.
Big thank you to Parshan, Nikki and all the specialization team members! This specialization is the best of all courses I've enrolled. I love how they motivate learners to practice, their voice, how they teach, everything in this course just perfect and very professional!
I was looking for intermediate to advanced excel. I still decided to give it a try, take all the courses, and i realized that i didnt know a bunch of little details, even tho the class is supposed to be a beginner class. If you are interested in the excel, do not hesitate
A little bit harder for non-english speakers because questions on tasks remains in english though the translate tool in chrome and sometimes the vocabulary is very specific, that make it confusing, I did my best, Thanks for this course. Final Assesment make me so nervous
Their methodical approach towards exploring new terminologies and properties of excel is fabulous for a beginner in any stage of life, be it a 10-year-old or an elderly person.Just loved the whole experience with short and brief explanation to all of the basic concepts .
I really enjoyed the videos and step by step tutorials. The lectures coupled with instruction helped build my confidence to use these skills in the workplace. Thank you for taking the time to create this course. I look forwards to taking more courses offered by Coursera.
Excellent Course:There are one or two of the quizzes and tests that either require more explanation or have different data on Mac than the one displayed on the test, but aside from that I found absolutely no complications and my skills in excel have been vastly improved.
The learning was incredible. i actually learnt a lot of new things. But, there seems to be something seriously wrong with the final assessment. A couple of answers which were shown as correct on the previous try started showing as wrong on the next try. Kindly fix that.
Exceptionally well-designed and articulated course. The instructors have done a great job. They have kept it short, easy, and fun the whole time. Definitely recommended for anybody who is just starting out or struggling due to lack of quality instructions and resources.
I was nothing when I joined but now I can surely say I am something after all the instructions and knowledge grabbed from Coursera. No doubt a friendly site easy to learn, easy to stay on. Thanks Coursera Thanks HEC Pakistan for given me a chance to learn something new.
Very good course to fill the gaps in your knowledge or to gain exact that knowledge if you're just getting familiar with Excel. I loved the videos, very descriptive, but not too much and the course is built in a way that reinforces just learned material in several ways.
Simply a wonderful course. This course is a must for all the professionals and the students as well. The instructors are just awesome and you will understand almost everything they demonstrate. Eagerly looking forward to take the other 3 courses of this specialization!
Thanks a lot for this sophisticated opportunity that has enriched my Excel skill and and my Knowledge about its usage and facts. I have learnt so many things of Excel and many interesting usage of it. Thanks will be lesser than what I have achieved through this course.
A very well structured course to revise as well as learn some hacks about Excel's foundations. The clear and thorough lessons together with the practice exercises allow to review the basic features and build solid bases before more advanced courses. Highly recommended.
The course was broken down and structured in an efficient and  well organized manner that is easy for the student to learn concepts and understand them comprehensively. I really like the tutors and their method of teaching. Truly looking forward to the next course :).
I've really enjoyed the course and yes! yes! yes! I've learned a lot of  new ninja tips and I am very thankful to the course tutors ,Coursera and our Institute of Management Sciences who gave us a chance to raise some essential knowledge in collaboration with Coursera
Comprehensive content with a comfortable pace and very good for people with no experience in Excel. Those with an apprehension about learning about this tool will find this course helpful in overcoming any hesitation and setting them on the path to mastering this tool
I love it. I've found that I can barely use tools from the week 1 without this course, now i'm succeeding on my new work thanks to this course. I'm feeling really grateful for this course and I really like the way the Macquarie University built it, definitely a 10/10
This course really helped me fall in love with learning how to go about Excel and helped me engage my pre-existing knowledge, with the new methods and techniques that I learned from the course. 100% would recommend this course to anyone trying to get a hang of Excel!
Very easy to follow and helped me catch up with Excel basics with just enough practice exercises.  I learned more from this course than trying to self-taught myself with Excel textbooks and other online courses.  Can't wait to continue learning with the Excel series!
I enjoyed the course from the beginning to the end. The course is well structured and really spanned across what I was looking forward to. It was so addictive that I felt like doing the next lesson after completing one.Good job to the organizers and presenters.Eliud
This course is truly legendary. Best thing I like about this course is you have to truly understand concepts to submit quizzes because you need to perform operations in workbook for obtaining answers (Quizzes are not MCQ based). EVERYBODY SAY WOW! [inside joke ;-) ]
This is really Excel Essentials, but you will learn a lot of useful things even though you have been using Excel for a while.The course is very well presented and you will have the chance to practice what you learn, so you don't forget easily.Very much recommended!
Its been a very good course in which I learnt a lot of basic skills of Excel which I never knew. The instructors were good and it is a hand on course so every skill you learn you will have a practical version of it. It is a wonderful course and brilliant lecturers.
The course is really well explained and the instructors are well versed on the topic. I also think that the course is correctly structured and is understandable for beginners. It can also be useful for people that are familiar with Excel, because this was my case.
The course is very detailed. One might find some things too basic to learn but will actually clarify any doubt if one might have regarding the tools used. The practice quizzes after each and every video and challenge set ensures the practice part. Loved the course
The Course was exceptional. I have no words to say. For me, It was like an addiction doing this course as I have completed this whole course in only 6 days practicing the whole day and night. Will recommend everyone who is looking for a foundation course on Excel.
Great course, great professors. It is really excellent the way these professors explain. Thank you very much Coursera, and thank you very much to the University of Macquarie. The way this course was  developed is fantastic. Congratulations. Francisco , Costa Rica.
This course has changed the way I interact with data driven projects. I am finding new ways to implement my Excel knowledge every day. The cross over, learning Excel helps one run Sales Force graphs, as an example, is endless. I couldn't recommend this class more!
This course was exceptionally good and instructors were phenomenal. Any layman can understand and develop his skills in excel. I was lucky to find this course on coursera, as it laid the basic foundation for excel. I would highly recommend this course to everyone.
This course not just teaches you it always makes you practice the previous sessions so that you are always updated. This course is designed in such a way that if you forget the earlier completed session you cannot proceed further with learning the concepts again.
This has really improved my skills in excel and increased my confidence as well. The course is really uplifting and made very easy to understand. I really love the practical aspect of things in this course. The instructors are very good. I have enjoyed it. Thanks
This is one of the core concept course for whom want to learn excel lots of basic things are in here. So it will help to improve basic knowledge  and it will also create strong concept which will helps to do batter in advance excel courses as well as in workpless
Great Essentials course. Most of us are self taught excel users, however this course teaches us the small things eg. shortcuts that we may have not picked up along the way. Great for reinforcing what you know. Looking forward to the next instalment of the series.
This was a great course. Although I had already some knowledge about excel, this course gave me some other tools that I did not know and I filled some gaps that I had in this program. I really like the activities and the way this course reinforced your knowledge.
Quite challenging. I thought I am already good in excel, but taking the quizzes after watching the videos, I realized that there are many things that I don't know yet in using this spreadsheet. Thank you for the opportunity to learn and increase my excel skills.
Excellent step by step learning through a well guided course material and supported with quality excel worksheets created for self-assessment and self-exploring. Thank You and shall be looking forward for further learning experience through Macquarie University.
I liked this course. It was helpful, easy to navigate, clear, refreshing and I also gathered a few hints, I wasn't aware of before. I am looking forward to continue to next levels, where I guess real challenge will begin ;)Thank you and good luck to all of you!
Although I'm not a beginner I decided to take a step back and refresh my knowledge.  I was shocked at how much I had either forgotten or didn't know about, so although there was a lot of subject matter I already knew of, I am so pleased I started at this level.
I liked the course contents very much. Also, the way of teaching was clearly better than many of the other courses. The course gave me confidence to operate excel in a better way. Also, many concepts got cleared on the way. Cheers to Prashan sir and Nicky Ma'am
The course is exceptional built and the work books are good. By working alongside of the course it helped me to grasp the aspects very quickly. I would like to thank each and every person who has put efforts to make this course and also thanks to Coursera... 🤩
Even people who work with Excel every day may have gaps in their basic knowledge. This course fills in many of those blanks. The instructors are terrific, and the lesson plan (a small quiz after each lecture) makes for super fast progress. A great intro course!
I loved the interaction and being able to follow along! The practice challenges helped reinforce what was learned. It was a great online experience and I learned so much. Also, the facilitators made it simple and easy. I loved their enthusiasm and energy - WOW!
Great course even for a person who thinks your very good at excel!! I am self taught and have been working with excel for over 20 years and I just picked up a lot of useful tricks. And re-familiarized myself with tools I should have been using for a while now!!
course is beautifully structured / organised for mature excel user to help them learn excel skill is professional manner. Rightly said practice makes permanent. practice sheets and guidance has helped  great deal in embedding the knowledge of excel deep within.
It was a good learning experience for me since this was my first-time experience doing a course online. Every point what was explained during the 6 weeks of the course it was easy to understand. I would like the thank the Instructor's who has done a great job.
This is the best course I have taken on Excel. I went from knowing pretty much nothing to knowing a whole lot! Now I confidently work with Excel. The course was very engaging. Kudos to Dr Prashan and Nicky for the amazing work done!I recommend this course 100%
I loved every lesson I had on this course. It's very interactive and definitely not boring. Everyone, say wow! Every activity makes me very familiar with Excel and I'm just beginning! Indeed, practice makes permanent! Thank you very much, Macquarie University!
Hey, I know how this goes. So, I'll speak to the point. I completed the course and got the certificate too and I vouch that this is worth it for those who really want to start learning how to use Excel. So, I'd say, totally go for it. No second thoughts, guys!
The course is perfectly structured with short videos, practice sheets, quizzes, tool box and many other things. I feel confident while using options in excel and learnt many features. Thank you coursera and Macquarie university. Prashan and Nicky thanks a ton.
I would like to say that this course " Excel skills for Business: Essentials" is one of the best online course. I would like to thanks all the team and the university for organising this type of course. I would recommend all to complete this course, Thank You.
Very basic skills, but well taught and worth it to fill in the little gaps before continuing on to the higher level courses.  Thank you for the great course.  The videos are excellent.  The tests are well done and the opportunities for practice are really fun.
I rated the Excel Skills for Business: Essentials with 5 stars as I learned and enjoyed studying so much from this program. The lecturers and lectures are both excellent, well organised and  very easy to understand. I would recommend this to everybody to try!
Excellent Course with step-by-step video easy to follow tutorials. Every video comes with practice lesson and every end of lesson there's an assignment. And it comes with a Final Assignment to wrap up all we have learned. Thank you for creating this tutorial.
I never had training related to Excel but I have been using it since I got into the Corporate world. With this course I realized how much I have been missing especially on the essentials and short cuts. This course has widened my knowledge in excel for sure.
Excellent course - very though and easy to follow. Very clear instructions at each stage of the course.  Good to do it over a 6 week period -  great to do in the lockdown! Definitely learned the basics of excel and will have much more confidence in using it.
I was not knowing before even how to do simple calculation with big data in excell but the coursera game me an opportunity to learn it from home and now I know some part of excel work. I am thanking my Institute who provided a platform to join with coursera.
Everything is explained in detail. It is set ona "real" case, so it is pretty easy to relate to. Exercises are pretty forward. Excellent for people who are approaching Excel for the first time, and there are some pretty useful tricks for more advanced users.
Everybody say WOW! That was an amazing course. I am glad I chose this course to begin my journey through Excel. Nicky and Prashan, are such a pleasure and such proficient educators. All that`s left is to keep practicing because 'Practice makes permanent!' :)
Course it very educative. It has taken me to another level. Many things I did not know were shown me within the time scheduled. The lecturer are very knowledgeable about the subject and their desire for student to learn can be seen expressed in their lecture
Thank you for Prashan and Nicky, for their instractions, explanations. It was easy learn excel skills for business: essentials with their teaching video lessons. And finally I would like to Thank the coursera team that  they are doing great things for us!!!
It was a very wonderful experience by learning together with Sean. The course is fantastic and now by completing it I have full confidence on my basic Excel Skills. Thanks to Ma'am Nicky and Sir Prashan for their guidance. Really "Practice makes Permanent"!
Good essential excel features/options to learn. Essential excel things that is required on daily basis when working on excel sheets is described. The course is well structured and easy to understand. As mentioned during the course "Practice makes Permanent"
Very good fundamental Excel course, good to people with no or very limited experience with Excel. Also good for people with lots of experience, who can learn basic skills that often ignored in daily work. Anyway, a good start in becoming a Excel guy from 0.
I think this course is pretty simple and very important for that people who are doing business and even it can also help the employee to get recognition form company. so for me its best course ever and because of this I give this course 5 star or 5 rating.
Truly essentials tutorial. Teaching you the fundamental of excel so you can seamlessly use it. As a not-so beginner in excel, I find this very useful. Concise tutorials with a brief duration. Thank you for this course, I'm looking forward to the next level
It is a Basic recap of all the initial excel skills. Best thing in this course is the live demonstration of even a small thing. This course is really recommended for people who want to built foundation for excel. Thank you instructors and the Coursera team
Wonderful course content and very effective reinforcement techniques for understanding measured from time to time. It is the perfect course you may looking out for if you want to start brushing up your excel skills from scratch or are completely new to it.
Brilliant course - worth every minute spent. I consider myself a good excel user, but there were many tricks that I have learned - and also some areas where I was not confident got clarified as well - eg charts.I can only recommend this course to everyone.
A comprehensive introduction to Excel. Being self taught, there are a lot elements to Excel I do not know about. This course has instructed me on a foundational level. As a result, I understand this application so much better and with much more confidence.
absolutely fantastic and easy to understand . i liked the way the material are presented and i think excel is needed regardless of your career. surely  i would recommend this course to any friend  and i think i will go for the next one after i finish this.
The structure of this course is fantastic. Whatever you learn is reinforced by the quizzes, the exercises as well as the reading material provided. I arrived ignorant but in a matter of days, I got a hang of Excel. My deepest gratitude to the instructors.
Best Course I have ever Accomplished in my life!I enjoyed every moment in it , the language used was easy to understand , and every single step has been clarified perfectly. I will definitely recommend this to all my friends and colleagues.Thanks A lot :)
what i got from learning this course was much more than i expected i am really thankful to COURSERA for helping me regain the confidence and the enthusiasm to excel in lifeAlso i am thankful to DR. Breyer for making the course so entertaining and useful .
Coursera has changed my life and daily routine management. Amazing experience with this course. I have learned a lot during this course. Wonderful videos and way of explanation by Pranshan and Nikky (with very cute smile). I am very thankful to everyone.
Before taking this course i thought maybe i know basics of excel but after completing this course i now understand how wrong i was.This course make you confident in excel with baby steps. I am feeling really lucky to find this course .Thank you coursera.
I have worked with excel for several years and never ever found a course to improve what I've learned over the years. Great course, it's been great to learn all these shortcuts, tools, etc,.  I have, for sure l, increased my knowledge. Thank you SO much!
Even though I thought that i know the basics, this course will be nothing  but  i was wrong its a must watch course for beginners. I learned a lot and the course was great one can  do a confidence working on excel by doing this course on beginner level .
This course is simply awesome. If you want to learn something worthwhile, then this course is for you. It has no answers anywhere to copy, so we have to work hard on it and practice the material. The Coursera and Macquarie University deserve many thanks.
Great. The weekly lessons are so well organized. Practice sheets and assessment processes can boosted the confidence of any course learner. Thanks a lot to University of Macquarie and a special thanks to Coursera team for giving such a great opportunity.
I thought I was advanced in Excel, since I use it every day, but with this essentials course I found out I can be even better, and even if I know how to do many of the things taught in this course, they gave me tricks and shortcuts to do them even better
Excellent course! It is well structured and provides sufficient content for anyone who wishes to start using excel. All tests, quizzes and assessments are well designed and the workbooks available allow us to put into practice everything we learn. 100%!
Really a great experience learning this course, so for gaining more of excel skills i'm going to opt for intermediate as well as advance courses of Excel as well.Thanks to all the tutor for giving such a valuable content and help me to achieve my goals.
I learnt a lot from this course. I had Spread Sheet Modelling in my first trimester of MBA, still there were many new features taught in course that I didn't come across earlier. End of Module exercises serve their purpose in "Practice makes Permanent".
it is one of the best course i had ever join in coursera among other 5 courIes.i had enjoyed every single week related to this course and learnt many new things each week.Challenges and quiz material can further improved our skills upto greater extent.
Excelent place to start if you are looking forward to iimprove your skills in this practical and insightful tool. Very clear content and if you practice properly you will really feel that sense of improvement at the end of the course. It is just great!
I have gone through a similar course from another University as well. But the course content and quality provided by Macquarie University gives an immense learning experience and motivates me to push harder. A warm regards to the instructors. Good Job.
This has been a very informative course and has certainly helped me to improve my knowledge of Microsoft Excel. From the tutorials to the quizzes, everything was explained in a simple and effective manner. I'm so glad that I enrolled in this course! :)
I am very happy to finish Excel Essential Skills for Business which is fundamental in nowadays. This course helps everyone in his job or his personal activities. I thank the teaching staff for their directions.Many thanks!Best regards,Abdel Aziz Bakari
A very well defined and structured course that helped a lot in transforming my spreadsheet to a more presentable one plus has increased my efficiency to a major extent, thanks to Macquire University and faculty members who helped me develop my skills.
I really loved this course. The way they teach is very nice. The way they explain every concept is very good.The way they categories the topic is good. Every assignment really help me to revise my concept and becoming perfect at it. Thank You so much.
This is a pretty good start to learn this useful tool to take advantage of your business data. Throughout the course there are excercises, quizzes and ninja tips that help a lot to be even more productive with your work environment by using Ms. Excel.
Great introduction into Excel. Videos were very easy to understand. The exercises helped a lot to ensure practice makes permanent. I am much comfortable with excel now and looking forward to exploring it more. I use to be afraid and overwhelmed by it.
I loved this course very much.  The videos are simple and very clear and all the material are very useful to practice. I had some issues because of my excel version and language, but in spite of these I achieve the goal. Thank for your precious work.
That was an indeed fabulous course! Both the professors taught in a very lucid manner. I can strongly recommend this course to my friends. Now, I feel, lot more efficient and confident on excel. This course is just meant to excel in Excel. Thank You!
The Course was well designed and in a very simple and progressive manner. It was appropriate for my level of knowledge for Excel and since the entire course was online it was really easy for me as the timings can be as flexible as I wanted.Thank you.
I have been working with excel for a while now and I usually need advanced tools, even so, I got very useful tips that can make my work faster, the explanations are clear, and the materials are crafted amazingly, kudos to the team behind this course.
A brilliant course for beginners because the tutors explain everything completely and exhaustively. And a great course for those who already use Excel because one can find the fundamental theory here and find some new tips for his/her work with Excel
An excellent course for beginners. I started from nowhere near the basics and ended up with an amateur level of excel management skills. Demonstration and Instruction were clear and to the point. Thanks to the course co-ordinators and Coursera team.
A very good course for learning Excel and spreadsheets in a very good structured manner covering almost all essential parts of Excel.Thank you for teaching me Excel in a simplest way. And I hope that this course will help for my future job progress.
The course was too amazing and I enjoyed it very much.Thank you, Coursera, Prashan Sir & Nicky Ma'am For your explaining skills and to teach us that practics make permanents.😊😊
also thanks to sean because of him we had too many new topics to learn
I started this course hating and afraid of Excel viewing it as a necessary evil. The course, however, piqued my interest, while being well-paced and easy to follow. I certainly am excited now to continue with the other courses in the specialization.
The course is really simple and was more like story flow, it kept me excited through out  the course . Had started the course last year but stopped it after a week  , now that its quarantine i was able to complete 4 weeks of the course  in two days.
This is a great course for professional employee who needs to improve and practice their knowledge about excel. Even if you already knew the basics of excel, I think you can still take this course to test how far and deep your knowledge is in excel.
This is an excellent course. I believe it has cleared a lot of my confusion and also helped me to learn a lot of things. I am really lucky to be taught from such instructors. I would recommend everyone to do this course to know the basics of Excel.
Very Nice and informative educational Tools to get knowledge of excel with practicals applications and worksheets designed to hone such skills with latest updated features of excel which provide ease of workings. Thank You and regards Gaurav Thakur
This is great course if you formally want to learn excel. All the important skills and features are explained and the practice exercises provide a lot of practice. Clears all concepts and really makes you comfortable in excel. Would recommend 10/10
This course-Excel skills for Business Essentials -  is really a good tool for all the MS Office users to understand the vast potential of excel in a structured manner. The course content of this program is excellent with an easy to understand guide
I thought I knew excel quite well but there was a lot to learn. The instructors teach nicely and also the overall way the course has been set up really makes one practice. I would like to thank the instructors for creating such a wonderful course.
An extremely helpful course, especially for those who are new to Excel. The practice videos are well designed. The assessments force a learner to actually practice and have a better understanding of how to utilize Excel tools. I have learnt a lot!
brilliant teaching and easy quizzes but sometimes i feel answers should also be provided especially for the final assessment because in one of the ques i am getting a wrong ans and i am not able to find my mistake . other wise it is a great course
I've learned a lot from this course and I'm really happy with how the course has been taught with examples and real-life scenarios. I'd recommend everyone to try this course out if they are willing to start learning Microsoft Excel from the basics
Course was good. Although, I knew a number of things but there were still a lot of things that was actually left. I learned to manage data. At last, I will be able to excuse myself from long copying and pasting of formulas. Thanks for the course.
This is a great course for beginners and those who have self taught excel skills but no real depth of knowledge of the power of excel.Very well presented, easy to follow along, plenty of tips and practice assignments to help build your knowledge.
Really Good Course, it very nicely takes you through the essentials of excel. I feel so much more organised now while looking at numbers. I am not just randomly clicking different parts of the software without any idea of what is going to happen.
Great Course. Even if you have used Excel for a long time, you can learn great little tricks here and there that could've made your life so much easier. Definitely recommend starting with this course and making your excel fundamentals rock solid.
Excellent course, I literally knew nothing of Excel before and this course provides you just with everything you need to start from scratch. I would recommend anyone attempting this course to have Excel's 2016 version as this is the one they use.
A very dynamic, practical and funny course! I really enjoyed my learning time in this course. The content of this course is updated, the tips are great and the teachers make you have a good time. Thanks for made this course like any other else!
The Course contents were amazingly very user friendly and dont bore learners and motivate to go step by step forward learning new skills i have been using excel for the last 10 years but what i have learned in this course are very much exciting
I really enjoyed the beginners course. Even though I am not a beginner a learned a few hacks I never knew before. If you are completely new to Excel I think this will be great for you. I am looking forward to get into the more advanced courses.
Learned alot of the most basic functions of Excel, with very detailed videos and information, in bite-sized chunks that were doable! Structure of the course was well-paced and appropriate as well! Great course and I found it really useful!! ◡̈
Really nice to learn from basics and to move to advance. This is really a great course for every level even if you know nothing its for you, and if you know a good bit about excel than also it will help you to keep up your confidence in excel.
I really love this course. They teach us from very basics to nurture our knowledge and building basic concepts is very important to become a pro. Thank you for helping me out in this course of excel and I wish I could use all these in my work.
This is one of the most exciting courses and also you will learn a lot from this course, I recommend everyone to at least give it a try and I am sure that you guys will definitely be going to love this course. such a great experience THANK YOU
Before taking up this course, I thought that I was already proficient in Excel. I was totally wrong. I'm really thankful to the course coordinators and the content of this course because I discovered and learned a lot of useful Excel features.
I will say I learned quite a lot in this course, I also enjoyed it…..  The assignments
were very beneficial to the entire learning process. This course has helped me developing skills in excel, which is required and useful in future. Thanks :)
Short, high quality videos with
detailed instructions that are easy to follow, even for total beginners.      The tutors speak slowly and clearly so the language barrier is not an issue. Great for aspiring Excel monkeys like me. Keep climbing.
Best course for beginners in Excel!The instructors  explained everything really well plus the quizzes and assessments are designed in a way to ensure you learn extra tips and tricks for accomplishing the same tasks in a more efficient manner.
I really advice you all who want to master Excel. This course not teach us just some theory, but practically also. The quiz made me try hard to think and practically at the same time by operating the Excel. Remember, Practice Makes Permanent!
The way both of them teach is awesome. For beginners like me , this is very helpful. They  make everything so easy by their  words. Its really good. The best thing I've learned from here is " Practice Makes Permanent." Best wishes for you all
This course is a solid basis for people who have very little or no knowledge about excel. The course instructors have designed the course in a very organized way which helped me to find the small details that I have been looking all the time.
If you want to sharpen or learn the basic excel functions , this course is highly recommended for you. Some great learning materials and videos have been provided throughout the 6 weeks of this course schedule. Both the instructors are great.
This course provides a best start in the field of spreadsheet .if you really want to learn something worthy,then this course is for you. it will build confidence to taking charge of excel.The content and the syllabus of the course is Amazing.
Amazing course! Teachers are the best! I thought that I am very good at basic Excel skills, but during this course I understood that I have many blank spaces in my skills. This course helped me to acquire all needed skills. Thank you so much!
An excellent specialization, which covers Standard Excel from the basics to advanced features, with clear explanations and many examples. The course motto is "Practice makes Permanent"   and the assignments definitely help learn the material.
This is very informative course regarding MS excel , the way of teaching is very much interesting where learners can not skip , or avoid any steps as he or she really wants to know actual test of MS excel.That was a great opportunity for me.
Excellent Course.....Both teachers are great and they taught the lesson very easily so i could understand very easily. They explained every basic we need to which seemed to me very cool tricks and techniques. I totally recommend this course.
Thank you Nicky and Prashan. Great pedagogy has gone into your design, presentation and explanation of the materials.  I loved the videos and the workbooks. You worked really well as a team, breaking down the concepts and their applications.
It was pretty cool to learn the basic stuff in Excel. The trainers were direct to the point and, of course, showed you the basic stuff for excel in a really easy way, trying to motivate to improve by yourself the whole time. #EveryoneSayWow
The course is very informative and perfectly designed for the new learner. I know some sort of Excel but still, I have learned a lot from this course. I will definitely go for the intermediate course. All the very best for the new learners.
Very excellent course for the beginners & I highly recommend this. Though I work in excel applications I still learns lot of new tools, techniques. The only suggestion I have is, the no.of quiz needs to be reduced, it actually delays the sp
the course starts from scratch. I learned the basic terminologies of excel. This course walks you through how a beginner would see excel and get started from the basics. If you are entirely new to excel I would highly recommend this course.
I have learned a lot of basic things that I didn't know from this course. In this course, you will get to know all the essentials of excel for running a business and you can easily show your mastery over excel after completing this course.
The exercise helped tp solidify the knowledge I have acquired in this course. The trainers really made Excel fun and easy. I will recommend this course for anyone that wants to learn Excel, especially those that are afraid of spreadsheets.
Everybody say wow, Well now I'm very confident in my ability to deal with long, untidy workbooks. This course has provided me to take charge over excel and that means no more fuss the next time I work with any worksheets. A huge Thank You.
it was very fun ,skill developing, non stop exciting course ! I couldn't believe how much I gained and learned from the course at the end , cleverly structured in a way to keep you motivated all steps of the way, definite milestone for me!
I am so glad that I took this course. It has been taught magnificently and so flawlessly that each and every concept has easily been internalized inside my head. Instructors have done their best and no other course can teach Excel so well!
I am very happy to learn a lot of things in this course.I would like to thanks my course instructor for this great tutorials. I am so glad to learn these essentials. I also like to thank to Coursera platform for enrolling such type course.
This course was great! The two professors Nicky and Prashan were great and really give you great direction during the course. I learned a lot of valuable skills in this course and will definitely use them at my job. Thank you Coursera!  :)
Myself being a beginner at excel, I would recommend this course to professionals who have never used excel or those who want to reinforce their concept of working on microsoft excel.Highly recommended for beginners to get a feel for excel.
The course was very helpful. I would like to thank Macquarie University for this well equipped course. Special thanks to our Course Instructor Nicky and Prashan. Thanks a lot for this learning opportunity. It was truly a "Happy Learning".
This was an excellent course. It put into perspective many areas of Excel that I had no idea what the purposes were and also extended my self-taught knowledge of the program. The lessons were excellent and the practice exercises relevant.
Excellently Structured Course and most friendly approach to teach the basics of Excel. I have learnt a lot and have enjoyed my way through the course. Will definitely recommend to other students. Will sign up for the next stage very soon.
BEST COURSE SO FAR THE INSTRUCTOR IS TOO GOOD AND THE WAY COURSE IS MADE ,YOU DON'T HAVE TO PUT MUCH EFFORT JUST FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTION ,WORK ALONG SIDE WITH HIM DURING HIS VIDEO AND YOU WILL BE SURPRISED BY HOW MUCH YOU LEARN BY THE END.
Amazing course, very informative,  I always felt the warmth from the instructors. Before this, I always thought that I was good at Excel basics but I was clearly wrong. The motivation that the course gave me was essential to my learning.
Really enjoyed the course. This course is really basic and cumbersome but necessary for digital natives. Some quizzes were challenging some were really straightforward. But definitely felt change in my behaviour towards excel and its UI.
Incredibly helpful course! I regularly use Excel but this increased my efficiency drastically. I now know how to do things so much faster. I highly recommend this course whether you want a refresher in Excel or you're brand new to Excel.
Excellent experience here with this course.Especially both of the staff member their communication was to clear, easy to understand, As i am not a native english man so weak in english but i get each an every point.Much respect and love.
This is a very well done course with systematic videos and assignments.I really liked this course and I feel that I have learnt a lot about excel in this course.I would absolutely recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn Excel.
This is an absolutely amazing course with innumerable practice worksheets and solutions which helps you to grab the content. This course touches all important topics in Excel and the assessments are a great way to evaluate your progress.
It's a complete course, it teached me a lot... I thought I'd be borred during the course, but the truth is that I really learnt a lot about excel functions or tools... It's a really really good course, the videos and practices are great!
Great course, definitely would recommend to others, the teaching is a good pace, its neither too fast now is it slow. Being an Indian I was a little skeptical I would follow the accent or not, but it was very easy to understand as well.
The course is very well organised and takes you through the steps required to learn Microsoft Excel Essentials for Business Management very conveniently. It has great ways to speed up  your work. Very well arranged and prepared course!!
Best online course ever since I had and the Tutors are simply awesome the start from the basic and from this course i got confidence and self motivated to complete my specialization . Thank you Coursera for providing me financial aid .
The way the contents are decorated, the instructors have instructed, the questions are set, in short, the course is designed, is great. I've liked it very much. I would like to thank all the person involved. I am very grateful to them.
Nicky and dr Parshan taught this course so well, everything in this course was well structured, It was a 6-week course but their lectures were so well structured and understandable that I managed to complete the course in just 05 days.
Course is very well structured and excellent presentation. The practice worksheets are well designed and the course covers all essentials of basis excel skills required. Well Done Team for this wonderful experience and excellent course
As a small business owner i can't express how much you need this course, not only to keep a data base of clients, expenses or what ever you doing it also make look like a boss. great course. it take you from simple to complex very easy
Although what I learn in this course may be a little bit easy, it is undoubtfully basic so that it is neccessary for me to have a good command of what I learnt from it. Exercise makes permenent. I'm preparing for the intermediate part.
Excellent Course. The videos are well developed for anyone to understand and easily be comfortable working  with Excel. It took me exactly one week to complete the first course of the Specialization. Super excited for the next course.
A very well organized course. Both instructors explained everything nicely. The topics were on point. Specially the mentioning of keyboard shortcuts and ninja tips made the learning very much effective and spontaneous. #everyonesaywow
This course is a must for the people who want to know the basics for Excel. This course teaches an overall concept of how to use Excel for business. The course has been designed very effective manner and I loved completing the course.
Wow!! Who would have thought, that after using excel for the last 9 years, I would have learnt so many things I was just not fully aware of. The course is a game changer and is recommended for anyone who uses excel daily. #gamechanger
exceptional course, the bests their way of teaching, i absolutely loved it, going blazing fast ahead to achieve my 2 certificate for intermediate, wish me luck.Ps. a very big thanks to al jamea tus saifiyah for providing this course.
well explained from basics and touched each and everything which you need to know in excel in order to increase your speed and knowledge about Excel.Its a beautifully designed and Explained concise and precise by all the instructors.
It is a very good course for learning the basics of MS Excel and to make fundamentals strong. If you are a beginner and don't know about where to start learning MS excel, this course is best for you to begin the learning of MS excel.
This course is an excellent way to get understand practically the essentials of excel from a business use perspective. It covered data entry, data cleansing, data visualization a lot more.Thank you for a very well planned out course.
I have worked with MS excel since I was on junior high, however I learned new things and improved my overall excel skills. This course is must to all undergrad/grad students who work or plan to work with excel during their lifespan.
Exciting and challenging course, especially I am using Window 2013 which does not have the 2016 version of Excel. It is bit disadvantage, have to spend time to look for those relevant ribbons/function keys etc.Anyway feel satisfied.
This is an excellent course as an introduction to Excel. Once in a while you might see a typo in the wording of the quiz problems but it's not a significant issue as meaning can always deduced from the context. Great course overall.
I loved the course content. The explanations provided are to the point and precise. The practice exercises and assessments provide great input to the learning. I also love how they provide shortcuts, reminding you from time to time.
Nothing can be more better than this course. If you wanna learn Excel or any other course, Coursera is the best educational platform. Thank You to this course for excellent guidance. Really really proud to be a part of this course.
I found  this course Very reliable and helpful to learn Excel basic skills. Way of teaching and a short quiz after every video urged me to focus on content of video, due to which I have learned the whole syllabus  very effectively.
Really good course. This is completely for beginners and I also want to continue the series of this course. If you want to learn and want to be an expert in Excel. Don't hesitate to join this course. I recommend this course to you.
This is by far the best excel courses I've been able to get my hands on. I tried books and many other options but this is just fantastic. Kudos to the instructors and nice editing on videos.More practice exercises would be awesome.
I needed to take a refresh course in Excel to Excel in my career and Excel Skills for Business: Essentials guided me to the right path of success. My work performance in Excel has excel and supervisor is happy with my performance.
I enjoyed this course very much because this course is well organised and all the quizes were also very effective for practicing and correcting my mistakes.In my opinion, this course is really good for building up skills in Excel.
One of the best course Available in Coursera !! Suitable for both absolute beginners and experienced. Beginners can learn from the very basics and people with experience can bridge the gaps in their knowledge. Highly recommended.
I really enjoyed the online course.I thought it was well planned and easy for me to follow. The work load was just enough, so I could finish everything with enough time, learn about the topics and not feel over loaded and rushed.
I really enjoyed the course. I self taught myself on Excel and always felt that there were gaps in my knowledge that I had to fl. This course has helped me to fill that gap and I feel so confident and comfortable now using Excel.
This is one of the best Excel courses I've come across till now. It goes through all the basic elements that are needed for business. Looking forward to taking the Intermediate and Advanced courses of this specialization as well.
The first online course that I have ever followed so far is this one & it was amazingly great. Thank you very much. I gained lot through this. All the explanations, practicals and exams are well structured. Gave 5 stars herewith.
Really a great course! it highlighted the most important fundamental skills one must have with Excel. I definitely feel more confident manipulating data specially when dealing with filters, printing, and navigation through cells.
I enjoyed this course a lot, I learned so many important things for my future career and profile. English is not my native language but the pronuciation and general aspects of language in this course made it easier to understand
This is an excellent course for the beginners with a fine blend of theory, demonstration and then practice. There are also tips and short-cuts to help improve efficiency of the learner. Highly recommended for the Excel starters!
Excellent course, the teachers explain in a very detailed way, complies with the program of activities and with the indicators set at the beginning.It is definitely a very good course for anyone who has remote knowledge of excel
Great introductory course for false beginners. Learnt the "good" way to do basic things in Excel, and how to save time. Especially liked the way the instructors used a story with "Sean". Would have been nice to see Sean, though.
Very well structured course, incredibly well-done and thank you to the teaching staff. Quizzes are organizes so you learn, and practice worksheets help you learn first-hand how to use the skills you're learning. Highly recommend
Thank you very much people out there , so much of knowledge I gained ,, diving into the ocean of Excel thirsting for more,,, Thank you isn't enough to sum up... will use the knowledge shared by you in future,,,,,THANKS A LOT :D
Grateful to Coursera and all the teachers who are part of the course and the relevant university. It was undoubtedly an experience where I learned a very valuable tool for the academic and work environment. Thank you very much!
This course is a Gem! Well structured, nicely explained and  provides truly online training experience in aspects of practice and homeworks, not just like watching videos, but more like working in online university environment.
Provide useful tips sufficient for general use of Excel. I found the Printing chapter especially useful as there aren't much organised information like this available. Love this and going onto the specialisation now. Thank you!
Absolutely wonderful course. So well produced and fun to work through! The information is broken down into small videos that cover a few related concepts, and then you take a quiz related to what you just learned. Great course!
I love the 2 instructors. Their lessons are enjoyable and very entertaining. I like how they speak, very clear and understandable. I will take their other lessons on excel as well. I really learned a lot from them. Keep it up.
This is a great course with a lot of practical exposure towards the routine issues faced by professionals like us. Practice Challenges offered are absolutely fantastic and gives me a great learning experience. Keep it Up guys.
Great. The course was structured to allow me to proceed at my own pace with plenty of practice exercises and many opportunities to test my learning. I will attempt the remaining courses in the Excel Skills for Business series.
This course is not only helpful for people with no excel skill to get into this field. It's also helpful for someone who has used excel for a long period of time and want to catch up have small quick skills for daily work use.
Excellent course!  The most well put together, professional course I've done to date.  Includes a lot of practice material with quizzes and tests that are just the perfect level of difficulty.  Looking forward to the next one.
I decided to re-learn Excel, and I was shocked at how much I didn't know. You might think you're an expert, but these little things bring you down to earth. I enjoyed every bit of the course and loved the emphasis on practice.
I am an Advanced user of excel but as I have taught myself the use of excel on the job I was sure that I missed some smart applications and so it was. Thank you for the easy to follow classes and the well qualified  teachers.
This was a very well thought out basic Excel lesson plan. Very thorough but still short and sweet videos. It's very straightforward and it helps that it explains why the choices you have made are wrong. Would 10/10 recommend!
This is a good course for beginners in excel and covers basic concepts in a well-defined manner. Although, I have used excel in my workplace extensively there are certain topics that I am not aware of and can be very helpful.
The entire series of excel courses is spectacular! I thought I knew how to use excel well, but this course showed me many things that I had no clue about! Excel is powerful and this course helps you grab a hold of that power.
I found this course very helpful for begginers and people that have been using excel but have some knowledge gaps. The videos are very easy to follow and they break everything down so that the student doesn't get overwhelmed.
Thank you for this course! Although I am getting this Specialization for relatively more sophisticated Excel skills, it is always necessary to have a solid base. Now I feel more confident in my knowledge of Excel Essentials.
Thank you so much to Dr Prashan S. M. Karunaratne, Nicky Bull,FHEA,A/Professor Yvonne Breyer. Specially I want to give my heartiest thanks to Dr Prashan & Nicky Bull for making me confident from completely ignorant in excel.
The Assessment procedure of this course ids top notch. Assessments cover every topic covered in classes and really sharpens the concepts.Highly Recommended to anyone willing to get their hands on MS EXCEL for the first time.
Very solid Excel Course to strengthen fundamentals or learn this software for the first time. Examples make it really easy to apply the techniques and tools learned into your workplace right away. Highly commend this course!
I now have a solid foundation for my spreadsheet skills and can comfortable navigate through and work with Excel. The course comes highly recommended for novices and experts looking to refresh their basic spreadsheet skills.
I though I already know the basics of Excel but this course proved that I still have a lot of things to learn! The course is easy to understand and it will teach you a lot of useful tools. The tests are very challenging too!
Excellent, course with very good explanations and excellent material, however the questionnaires are much more difficult than the practical ones and it would be good to have feedback from experts to be able to do it better.
The contents were very well organised. I started the course with Intermediate thinking that I have known enough(LOL). Turns out the Essentials have given me insights of thing that I formerly undermined the importance of it.
This is very help course for the people who has no idea at all of Excel. Course instructors have gone through all the easy and intermediate topics very meticulously for the students. A big round of applaud for them as well.
If you would like to be an expert then you have to go back to basic first. Excel is so challenging but fun and exciting to learn the tricks and tips. The moment you learn it, wow!!! What a great feeling! Thank you Coursera.
I would say this course is really for people with absolutely zero exposure to excel.Nevertheless, it is extremely clear, and taught in a step-by-step manner. The exercises were especially good at reinforcing what was taught
This course is phenomenal! It takes you through Excel step by step. Formulas, shortcuts, the simplicity of instructions, the appropriate length of each practice video, I mean wow! Thank you so much for creating this course!
Most of us are self taught in Excel and miss out various important things that make the use of Excel more time consuming. Its important to fill these gaps of essential areas. This course is well structured and very useful.
Really amazing course. The way every lecture is delivered is staggering. I honestly had a very little knowledge about excel, but after finishing this course am confident in applying the acquired skills everywhere possible.
This course fully met my expectations. I learned so much in such a short period of time. The practice videos were easy to follow and the Professors were excellent. I have already recommended this course to several persons!
Was a very useful course, Dr Yvonne Breyer  was extremely helpful. A few things that need to be fixed up, like a practice quiz having 2 correct answers, and a few things not covered in videos, but overall it was excellent.
Very Easy Thank you So Much it is helping me in lot of ways , and the best part is that every one can learn only you need an internet and English which i think every one has and know, than you  both Instructors  mean a lot
This was an amazing and enjoyable course. The material is light and it is just ideal for an Excel begginer. I was able to learn how to operate Excel in the best way possible being a beginner myself. I highly recommend it.
Simple tutorials with enough practice exercises to commit to memory, this course was a straight path to understanding the fundamentals of Excel for the beginner in a time-friendly manner. Great teachers! 100% Recommended!
This course was amazing! I learned a lot even though I've been exposed to Excel my entire life. The instructors are incredible and the content is so well explained. I will definitely continue with the rest of the courses.
I am so happy that I took this course. The videos and practice quizzes are so easy to follow and for an online course (as opposed to being taught in person) I can't imagine the course being any better. Highly recommended!
This course is so powerful, all the respect for Coursera and Macquarie University for this wonderful Course. I'm very happy with my results, and also very grateful with coursera for this amazing opportunity, Thanks a lot!
Excellent teaching. Easy to understand. Fun to complete all challenges and most importantly so helpful at workplace. Really enjoyed and learnt lots in this course. Thank to the trainers who wonderfully taught all topics.
First time to take online class course it was really interesting to learn and the part which is not understanding used to see multiple time video untill i learn , good experience . Thanks for the wonderful class session.
Great course and very  easy to follow explanations. I liked specially the Practice Challenge. I recommend  it for people with no previous knowledge of Excel and for people who want to revise basics or learn a few tricks.
Very well and organised course can help anyone in a very easy way to gain the basic knowledge of Excel. Providing tools and materials are also great that can helps to enhance our efficiency and speed up our productivity.
This is one of the most essential and practical courses that I ever completed in Coursera. The learning method is unexpectedly the best, the course instructor has curated the course fabulously. Thanks to the instructor.
Amazing Basic excel course for business. Videos were engaging & the content was explained so beautifully. I loved the ninja tricks part and extra knowledge readings. It give me the idea how I can be creative with excel.
Everything is introduced step by step, and the practice videos are very helpful. Practice videos not being long and having a small quiz afterwards help us to learn more effective. Thanks to everyone taking part in this!
This is a wonderful class and what I like most is the tedious class challenge, quiz, and final exam. It is really challenging and extremely effective in implementing all that's been taught for each session of the model.
An Amazing course not only for those who have never used excel but also for those who are familiar with excel. The content, teaching and methodologies were succinct and unequivocal. Thank you for such a wonderful course
It is one of the best course provided on coursera. I would recommend it to everyone because everyone will come across excel in some point of their life. This course will provide basic knowledge required for using excel.
It was a great course. I recommend everyone to do this course. I assure you will learn a very good skill after doing this course. I am highly thankful to all teachers who provides such a good explanation. Again thanks !
Useful course for those who wish to get started with Excel. The teaching is excellent and the pace was suitable to me. all instruction on how to use, download workbooks etc are mentioned properly. I enjoyed learning it.
it was a very helpful course for me as it helped me to learn very basic things about excel, which on the surface may not seem very significant but act significantly when we apply intermediate or expert skills on excel.
Very well explained and a detailed course to help understand the basics of Excel. Perfect way for a novice to go about learning about Excel. Got the chance to learn a lot, in-spite of having been using Excel for years.
Really loved the course, found many small things that were right under the nose yet never used them. Prashan and Nicky did a great job preparing the content and delivering it, Will surely take another course from them.
The best to start from basics. Many of us might be using excel but were not aware of some basic function which excel provide, by this course I can now use excel efficiently. Hoping to learn more in this specialization.
Extremely well designed course to guide someone for learning the basics of excel systematically other than trail and error method.Gives a good idea of all the covered functions so that one understands what he is doing.
I thought I knew the very basics of excel and soon learned that I didn't know much. Course 1 really upped my skills on the very basics. I can't wait to complete the next 3 courses and see what else my brain can retain!
Great Essentials course, I have been using Excel for 12 years but never explored the functions, charts and other features until now. Definitely gave me much more confidence with Excel, I can't wait for the next course!
I'm an Office lover and the questions of the quizzes are to the point and in a creative form. I believe you really learned the essentials in the course. I love the way they start the course with the discussion format.
Great course, provides solid base for any new Excel user, and can very well serve as a review of the basics for any user already familiar with excel, as a prologue for further training on more complex functionalities.
The essentials of Excel has thought me how to extract more information, sort out relevant information and to highlight data from charts that I use everyday at work.It lays down a solid foundation for further learning.
the most helpful EXCEL class i found so far!!! Thank you so much, i was so intimated by excel for years. this is a perfect combination of test/assignments etc. teachers made  very easy to understand complex material.
The course design is very good and important for beginners. All the practice videos and assignments are also fabulous. Thanks for all the course instructor for your creativity and hard work for preparing this course.
i think taking this course is the best way to learn excel fundamentals. amazing teachers and videography. the quzzes and assessments are incredible too. they cover from cell A1 to XFD1048576 in excel, so don't worry.
One things i have to say i never felt bore to doing the entire course. I should say it's a pleasent gift for me from coursera.Immense gratitude to my instructor & the entire forum of 'Macquarie University. Thank you.
I learned so much and filled in the blanks from what I did not know from being self-taught in Excel.  I feel so much more confident with Basic Excel and I can accomplish my everyday tasks faster and more efficiently.
This course is amazing at giving you a basic notion of excel. Personally, at the start I had very poor knowledge and now I am pretty confident in my skill set. I do look forward to taking the next courses they offer!
This is the best course I have done so far online. Wow. The people, the video quality, the content quality, everything is thought through. Some real professionals delivered a superb learning experience here. Chapeau!
if you don't know a word of Excel and want to learn then you are on the right direction. just take this course and you are good to use excel for your daily office work. Tutors have made everything easy to understand.
There are always some ribbons, keys and tasks at the program you are working at that you don't know anything about. This course gave me the tool to explore through all those unknowns to be a better operator in Excel.
Wonderful course! Even if you know certain bit of Excel beforehand, you'll learn a lot more through this course. The practice challenges are easier at the start and start getting more challenging as weeks go through.
Amazing, although I'm already an intermediate user, I learned a lot from this course. Super well structured. Material is appropriate for beginner's level. I would recommend anyone who is interested in learning Excel.
This is a really good course that covers a wide variety of basics in Excel. I have used Excel quite a bit, but I still found this course useful. Many of my coworkers could benefit from it and they use Excel everyday.
It was a great course to improve my basic skills on Excel. Even i was a person who is familiar with excel work, this course introduced me some important techniques and shortcuts to do my day to day work very easily.
Great course, very clear instructions with plenty of opportunity to practice.  Wasn't sure what to expect, but am delighted.  Challenging at times as this course covered a lot I did not know about Excel.  Thank you.
I very much enjoyed the different styles of learning that were afforded throughout this course.  My favorite was probably the end of course exams in which you were able to reinforce everything that you just learned.
Thanks a lot Coursera for basic course of excel. You have added many things to my knowledge. Now I can work on excel very confidently and thank you for letting me know that we could actually do many things in excel.
I have been using spreadsheets in my business for 5 years, and now I finally, FINALLY feel like I have a grip on how to use everything correctly without frustration or hesitation. Moving on to intermediate for sure!
This course was very well developed and presented. It starts off very basic but it's useful that they are making sure you've seen everything and that you get started doing things the right (and most efficient) way.
The cuourse was very useful and informative , also the instructors are professional . They deliver the knowledge with very simple , step by step approach . It was not only learning platforme , it is enjoyable too.
An excellent and preferable way to easily learn the basics of Microsoft Excel. Very informative and interactive approach. I really liked the course and how it was carried out. Eager to learn more advanced courses.
This course was really helpful and i learnt more insights about Excel Business Essentials. This will definitely going to help me on my work . Thanks to Coursera & etihad  for the Knowledge transfer through online.
An amazing course and very well explained. I always thought that I knew all the basics of excel but this course added a lot more depth in my understanding. It was an amazing journey!! Thank you Prashan and Nicki!
Yes it's not enough just self-learning at work as there are so many tips and tricks that can be used. I also better understand how Excel 'thinks' so I know why things aren't working the way I thought they should.
Excellent Course.Really Recommended"Excel Skills for Business: Essentials" for Beginners. I really enjoyed the course. Especially thanks to Madam Niki. Who made this course too much interesting.thanks once again.
I found this course to be extremely practical, instructive as well as fun!The step by step instructions and guidance are fantastic and make learning that much easier.I can't wait to start the intermediate course.
Course is taught really well and exercises are really helpful. I really enjoyed the course and learned a few tricks that would greatly help me for my job when utilizing Excel. Looking forward for the next course!
It really helps me a lot. i want add one more thing about this course that after every  single lecture there is an Quiz which encourage me a lot that is  the reason i complete this course quickly and effectively.
Terrific! This course was challenging and very thorough. Before I relied on just being self-taught, and I overlooked so many things. Now, I've increased my skills, efficiency, and confidence! Thank you Coursera.
Very informative and solid course for those who are just beginning to use Excel. Definitely know more about managing datasets than I did when I started. Thankful to those who made this available for us online :)
I loved this course from the core of my heart. I learned so many things which I didn't know before. I can't thank Prashan and Nickey enough for the way they taught me. I plan to take the intermediate course now.
Prashan Sir and Nicky madam have given the very informative sessions on Excel. Their presentation and teaching skill is very good. I have cleared my doubts and get the very good knowledge about Excel. Thank You.
This course is very professional , the way the teaching method and lots of quizes , assignment are so helpfull. I thanks to the teaching faculty and this great university too for made this highly skilled course.
I love the way they outline the courses and the practice sessions. It is good to directly practice what we have learned from the videos. They offer the courses in small chunks and make me easier to get the idea.
I really liked this basic course since it has re-connected my previous knowledge of Excel old versions with the new one; i.e. 2016. I am looking forward to continue this coarse till finishing the advanced level.
Tutorials are really simple.  They begin with every small detail, teach you with great clarity, give you good practice challenges and quizzes.  It makes learning easy and fun! Extremely helpful. #EveryoneSayWow
Although, I had a deep knowledge of excel even before the enrollment of this course. But, I found there were some gaps in my knowledge while doing the course and I have finally succeeded to overcome those gaps.
The course is comprehensive and follows a do it yourself approach. It gradually increases the level of difficulty and utility of tools as well. highly recommended for a strong foundation in business essentials!
Absolutely wonderful and systematic way of teaching.  I am sure this course is really going to help me a lot in my future and career and increase my productivity and skill.  It has surely boosted my confidence.
Excellent course!  Well-paced with excellent instructors, content and problem-solving material.  Thank you for helping me fill gaps and gain new insights into MS Excel.  I look forward to the next Excel course.
I am so glad i took this course. I learnt so many tips and tricks that i began to implement immediately in my work. It would task you but you would be glad when you see the congratulatory message at completion.
The Procedure of teaching is really very good. One can easily understand the entire course matter. The explanations and procedure is excellent. I personally is very happy and satisfied with the entire process.
Perfectly sequenced contents and easy to follow for a beginner. Enough assignments to get familiar with the software and master it. Would highly recommend to anyone who is trying to improve their excel skills.
The course is very complete and literally explains how to do everything from scratch, in addition to givingyou the tools to understand and explore more tools. Practice exercises and challenges are very useful.
Excellent course for beginning a successful transition from  a self taught excel user to an excel master. Really loved the professor , and user friendly way of teaching. Even exams were useful to learn further
Everything is explained clearly. For sure it is just entry step course to Excel but good one. Problem is, it could be covered more things, I was finishing every week in a day. So materials are easy and little.
This is a 6-star course. The presentation, assessments and hands-on approach are excellent. I am more confident than ever. I had learned a little of excel but this course is much more. This is value for money!
Very good instructors and helpful exercises.  Excel is challenging to teach, especially online and this course did exactly what I needed it to.  I will be taking the rest of the courses in this specialization.
Extremely useful course for working with Excel. High impact tools in Excel are discussed elegantly. If you are someone that likes to learn through examples, this course is for you. The teachers were brilliant.
Thank you for this course. Just when you thought you know all the basics, there is always something more. It would have saved me from a lot of sleepless nights if I had taken this course years ago. Thank you!
A very good and informative course. It would certainly be essential not only to revise what you already know but also discover new and fascinating things that you do not know. A very good team of instructors.
Even though I already have experience with Excel, there are many new pieces of info and tricks that I picked up throughout this course.  I definitely got to familiarize myself with the latest excel interface.
This course is a must. It starts off with very basics of Excel but I got to learn a lot of tools I was unaware of. As you progress through the weeks, you find yourself working through sheets more efficiently.
This was the most useful course I have taken from Coursera because it helped me how to take charge in excel which a very powerful software and very proud of it.Thank you Coursera Team and MACQUARIE University
EXCELLENT DELIVERY. WELL PRESENTED,!THANK YOU TO ALL STAFF THAT MADE THIS COURSE  SO BRILLIENTLY  POSSIBLE.I HAVE RICHLY UP SKILLED MY KNOWLEDGE IN EXCELCAN'T WAIT TO ENROL IN NEXT COURSE- INTERMEDIATE LEVEL
That was really a nice experience. I have just become fan of Prashant and Nikki (The Trainers).  very well explained, that's really helpful. I would like to pursue some more courses from Coursera. Thank You!
I have never seen such a productive and precise lesson. Probably, I am going to take the intermediate version as well because I learned myriad of intricate features of Excel. Thanks for Macquarie University.
This has been one of the BEST Excel courses I've taken! The final kicked my butt but the course is in-depth and since I'm a hands-on learner, I love that you can practice with the video and on your own time.
If you want an easy going course, this is it. A lot of excersises, examples, and material that you can download. I really like it, and even when I have some experience, the begginer really show me new stuff.
I enjoyed this so much. The lessons are great, the questions are great and even challenging. If you ask me, this is a masterclass for Excel. You can't perfect them all if you did not master the application.
This course is so great! Each week, I learn new things about Excel and I realize the inefficiencies I have made using Excel before. I became aware of my mistakes and the proper way of doing things on Excel.
Great course.  I highly recommend it for those who doesn't know how to use Excel but also for those who want to practice again and rembember things that they may have forgotten. I liked it a lot. Thank you.
Almost all the essential topics were covered here in this course i really liked the way there were practice exercises given it helped me learn it thoroughly i could crack the assessment with 90% in one try.
All components in the course are crystal-clear. Exactly the essentials need I need to master. Thumbs up for both instructors! So glad I enrolled in the course. Surely will continue learning the next course.
10/10 course!!! I enjoyed it so much. A lot of really great content. I'm going to go back and re-listen/practice a lot of the lectures...tones of gems! Very appreciated. Can't wait to start the next course!
Helped  a lot, a pretty well designed course ,I'd say. I knew nothing about Excel before but now I can claim that I know something. I recommend it to the people who is a beginner in Excel and want to learn.
The course was well designed. Each and every essential aspect of Excel was well dealt with. The sessions were interactive, effective and have a long lasting learning experience. Thanks the team and coursera
This course is amazing. I have learned so many powerful techniques in excel by which I can speed up my work with excel. I would suggest everyone take this course for batter understanding the power of excel.
Really Really I don't have any words to descrive this experiment!
The educational method is wonderful, and the information was very helpful and varied.
It was awsome.
Thank you, Thank you all.
Best Regards.
Excellent overview!  I am self-taught and have worked in Excel for several years, but this course taught me some new skills and provided a really good foundation of terminology and tools.  Highly recommend.
It was great, precise and easy to understand.All those intermediate quizzes between each practice videos are the ones that really helped me observe and execute what I have learned from the previous videos.
A really good course for the ones who want to learn basics of excel or want to polish their excel skills. Great structure, specially the introductory videos for each week, to create an excitement & a buzz.
I have learnt more than what i have learnt in my 4 years university courses combined. A huge amount of thanks to the faculties who designed this course. looking forward to do the intermediate courses also.
Indeed as the title of the course says , it covers all the essential features of excel and good practice to help get a grip on it. Recommending it to anyone who is missing out on some of the simple basics.
I have learned a lot from this course. It will help in a lot in my office day to day work.I am very excited to learn above levels of this course.The type and method of delivery of the content is wonderful.
The Course is very well curated and organized. The practice quizzes and assessments really test one's knowledge acquired throughout the course. Really glad to have found such great instructors on Coursera.
Its really very informative and highly equipped course. Best course I ever take in my entire life.  May God bless, protect, and  healthy Dr. Nicky and Parshan as well as Coursera and Macquirie university .
If you know Excel, the first course may not be that useful, however, you have to complete all the weekly quiz for grading purposes. If you are just starting out Excel, this is an absolute wonderful course.
The lessons are easy to follow and helped me to have a better understanding of Excel and all the things it can do. There are also many helpful hints and tips that can be used to speed up tedious projects.
Very Nice course. I really like it. All concepts are clear and understandable. Quizzes & exam questions also too smart. Those who want to learn excel, I think it is the best course for starting beginners.
Great course for beginners and others!I knew a lot about excel, but I used to only russian interface. It was really challenging and very useful course. I structured my knowledge and practiced Excel Skills
Despite of the fact I have been using Excel for several years, I learned a lot with this course. Now I have firm foundations that will make it easier for me to learn more complex skills. Excellent course!
One of the best online courses I've taken. Thank you for the organization, using two people to teach and I especially appreciate how great the woman is at explaining these things! She's a natural teacher.
This course was very helpful, and the instructors were very professional. I am glad to pass this course and really grateful for the instructors for getting a huge insight into Excel. Thank you very much.
this course helps me a lot in mastering basic Excel skills by offering me detailed instructions and plentiful opportunities to practice. Now I can handle some basic Excel problems easily and confidently.
Excellent explanations!! Excellent videos, step by step, you don't get tired because the videos are short and concise. 100% would recommend it for users that are beginners in excel!! Thank you so much :)
It was very informative and very less time consuming course and the faculties made the classes in interesting way and simple way thank you for everything and I am going to join it's intermediate part now
I think this is the perfect example of a basic, introductive course in Excel. I feel ready to tackle most of the situations I've encountered using Excel in the past in a more intuitive and effective way.
This course is very effectively organised. I loved the way I got to learn everything in a standard,comfortable and highly effective way! Thanks to all the course instructors for such an wonderful effort.
One of the best courses in Coursera platform to learn and practice Excel skills. Content is interesting and practice excercises, challenges are useful to understand what was taught throughout the videos.
The course is very essential for the beginners to work in excel. The course materials are very effective. The Video presentation, exercise books and quizzes helped me a lot to be efficient in excel work.
I think this course is very good but if its possible at the end I wish to have a full pdf of everything we learnt because frankly speaking I remembered almost everything but there are some points missing
Thank you so much, I appropriate all the efforts you made in order to give us this perfect course and very very useful information..I don't think I will ever find any better source to learn Excel from <3
I thought the course was very well done. It catered to the beginner users and I thought it should. I will be taking the additional courses to see how far my learning of Excel can go, but so far so good.
This is a very nice course i ever done. The best things is i was not feeling bore for a single moment while doing this course. and I have learn a lot of things about excel thanks for provide this course
A great course. Lots of tips and guidelines to really be more efficient while working with excel. For me, particularly Week 6 (Charts) was very useful.Thank you for sharing your knowledge and expertise!
Very worthwhile course, both as a refresher and for learning new elements / essentials of Excel. As a long time user of Excel. I was surprised, how many new skills I learned. Looking forward to course 2
I have really enjoyed the process of this course. It has helped me improve my excel skills 100%. The method of learning is really helpful and easy to understand.  I have gained a new passion for excel!!
Really Course intent was very excellent. Only who knows exel very well they can only get clear all the assignments. Every time assignments questions and MCQ choices were changing very extraordinary way.
This course is really very helpful for those who are just starting to use EXCEL. It's very easy and well organized to keep you on track. Very rich contents with smooth explanations. I loved this course.
This is a very good course! I significantly improved my Excel skills and figured out a lot of handy stuff here. And what the most important - it taught me not to be scared of unknown buttons. Thank you!
Nice excel learning program thanks for providing such kind of platform and program we will learn sooo much about excel sooo thanks to our university as well as this coursera app for such a nice lesson.
The course was definitely more than I expected. It not only strengthened what I did know about Excel but it showed me several options that I was not using or haven't found. I would highly recommend it.
This course is really exceptional .Everything the mentor explained is very detailed and precise.I learned a lot from this course and lookingForward to series next course.ThIs course Is really exceptI
i really enjoyed the course.  the videos were very well done and was helpful to have them available if specific knowledge was forgotten.  Testing helped to make sure I was truly learning.  Thank you.
I recommend Excel Skills for Business: Essentials for Everyone. I finished this course and I noticed a huge difference in dealing with Excel.  Thanks, Nicky, thanks pershan and of course thanks sean.
Great course. There were so many things I didn't know even after using Excel for many years. Thank you for a very well-structured course. Going to do the remaining courses in the specialization too.
Very well organized course: explanations are very clear, easy to follow and linked to every day life situations. The course teaches you to use the basics Excel commands with a professional approach.
The course was beneficial for me as I learned a lot of new things about Excel.Moreover, practice videos and exercises were also helpful.I will continue with the next level courses for sure with you.
Excellent course, really helpful to improve your excel skills.  Explained in a very simple language and the assignments are very helpful to review your learnings.  The Ninja tips are really helpful.
This was indeed a very interactive and playful course. It surely will remove your fear for the spreadsheet programs, and make you able to hover over it with confidence. Great job! I just loved it!!
I am grateful to Macquire University and Coursera for this wonderful experience. Now I am confident with MS Excel. I'll anyway be doing the other two courses offered by Maquire on Excel. Thank you!
the course is really basic. Most of the people already know this stuff, but everything is explained in an extremly simple way and there is always some small stuff that you don't know. Great course!
It's great that this course actually give feedback on our answers so we can actually review our mistakes! I really appreciate that since other courses i took (4/5 courses) didn't have this feature.
It was really informative course about excel. I learnt new shortcuts and also the process of data sorting and data formatting. I got knowledge about graphs too. The course was interesting to study.
I actually have learnt more from this course about Excel than I knew before and it has helped me a lot. I seem to have better grasp in Excel and feel more comfortable in using it now. Thanks a lot.
Very usefull,  but I still don't understand how to move to next course. I got specializatin which is supposed to have four courses, and I can not access other 3 courses... It is a bit confusing....
This course is one of the fundamental course that one should take in order to excel in MS Excel. The assignments are very thoroughly prepared which guide us through all the basics of this software.
this course is god spirit for beginners i strongly recommend this course for every individual so that you can use excel in your everyday life.i also appreciate the work done by this team.thank you.
The best part of this course is that it makes you understand the logic of each of the excel commands.Once you start the course, no way you will leave it incomplete.Exceptional teaching methodology.
Basic features of excel are covered in this course which makes a huge difference in the performance. The design of the course is well planed which helps in good understanding of the study material.
Nicely structured course with well defined quizzes, practice challenges and assessments to check your knowledge. Will recommend this course to all who wants to learn Excel in a well structured way!
Great course, covered Excel essentials, some common knowledge items, but also lots of interesting good to know items.  Well worth the time and effort. Online was great, so could complete from home.
Very good introduction to the basic structure and functions of Microsoft Excel.  I really liked the article referred to in the course regarding Excel Japanese Artist Tatsuo Horiuchi, truly amazing!
Basic Business Excel Skills everyone should know to improve data analysis performance given the easiest and best way possible! Course is clear, fast and direct. Practice makes permanent! Thank you!
Wonderful course that aims at targeting even the smallest aspects and points of the Excel spreadsheet. Had a great time practising and nururing my excel skills. Thankyou for this valuable course !
The video tutorials are very easy to understand and can be understood by everybody. IT can be learnt at any time . The assessment test as well as practice workbooks make the course more effective.
This course is very useful for me and all the learners who really want to learn excel and do anything in their life. A big Thank You to Coursera and Macquarie university for providing this course.
Excellent Course. A must if you want to start with basics. The flow, the instructions and teaching is simply amazing. Highly recommended is its one of the best courses for Excel basics out there!!
Excellent Basic course for excel. Although i knew excel and using it for a long time,i didn't know many of the basic things and definitions are shown in the course. 100 % recommended for everyone.
This is a very good course of Microsoft Excel for the beginners. Trainers were very explicit about what they were trying to say and what I have to. And I liked the idea "Practice makes Permanent".
It is a very comprehensive and detailed course, covering all the basics and essentials required and also has given a lot of shortcuts and techniques to increase my productivity and speed in excel!
Thank you for all these opportunities that you gave us for learning this essential programme.This course really made my summer.That's is the real reason why I will never forget this summer holiday
The best course! I learned so much in this course. Great teachers! This course was planned so well, I am so happy with this course! Thankyouuuu!!!Both the lecturers did a fantastic job! Thankyou!
This course is really awesome. After this course i have earned the basics of microsoft excel so that i can do all the necessery things in my workplace . thanks coursera for this excellent course.
I strongly recommend this course for those interested in learning excel (not just those who are new to it). It is well structured & ample practice problems are provided. Practice makes permanent!
Excellent methodology of teaching. I really learned a lot through this course. The discussions, practice videos, practice books really helped me to excel this course. Thank you Nicky and Prashan.
This course is an interesting one and i have really enjoyed the more of it . Practice  indeed makes permanent , i can now do a whole lot stuff when using Excel and am now more confident than ever
This course was very helpful for a beginner level learner.After completing this course, a student will accomplish different skills.The instructors  are awesome, i;m in love with them. Thank YOU!!
One of the best courses available in Coursera. In order to learn some basic stuff of Microsoft Excel, this course will ensure you, that at the end you will have some primary knowledge about excel
Nice Course. Before starting of the course i am thinking that i already know about the course but after completing I learn a lots of things which are new to me. So thank you for such nice course.
A very interesting and helpful course on basic excel skills. I learn Excel on my own but still find this course useful in some ways that help me to bridge some gaps in my knowledge. Recommend it!
Course is really helpful for the beginners to understand the basics and get to know the things even better with more practice videos and examples. Have enrolled for advance level of this course.
This was a very wonderful and enjoyable course.   I have learned a lot!  What Excel skills I did have, coming into this course, was greatly enhanced.  And I am very grateful.Thank You very much!
The course is challenging and fun. This is the first time I'm working on excel, so everything seems new and scary. I learned so much useful stuff. Looking forward to completing the Excel course.
This course is an eye opener for me being a user of excel for my job. There are plenty of things which I found very useful for my future tasks. Thank you so much MACQUARIE University. God Speed!
This was a very good course. The structure was excellent and the material was not difficult to learn at all. The whole program was interactive and extremely fun. Great course!!! #EveryoneSayWow!
I have learnt a lot of information about Excel. Now I will be able to use this Excel without any problems and will show my ability at work. Thanks a lot for giving this chance to learn all these
Awesome course for beginners. The way they help to learn is marvelous. The best part is after every video there is quiz for self-assessment and last practice makes permanent, thanks to Coursera.
The instructors were amazing. They made everything seem so easy. Now that I have completed the course, I'm confident that I'll be able to tackle everyday excel tasks with ease. Thankyou so much.
It has been an exemplary learning session. There are lot of intricate, detailed scenarios which we skip during the course of normal learning but now am adept in employing these skills in future.
It's a great course, even if you have been working with excel for years you don't know have to properly use the basic things! Even it might be boring it will fill those empties that you may have
A great course for beginners in MS Excel. This course is simply awesome. If you really want to learn something worthwhile, then this course is for you. Practice make permanent is the true line.
One of the best courses I have taken on Coursera! Very clear instructions and plenty of practice. Even the smallest tricks taught in this course will elevate the quality of your Excel projects!
Good course.   I started with a good knowledge base and this course helped fill in a lot of gaps I was missing.   Would recommend for people wanting to increase their efficiency in using excel!
Really it was an excellent course. I have learnt a lot of things from this course and the course instructor and overall activity is okay and refreshment and also encourage to learnt new things.
great course to organize what you know about excel, very clear methodes, a lovely journey to take, definitely will recommend to others, specialy if you need it for basic work/study requierments
This was a great refresher!  I think the portion about printing could be excluded since people rarely print out documents anymore, but it was still worthwhile to review for formatting purposes.
Course was engaging and well laid out. The Learning style is interactive and sticks. Follow a long with everything in your own excel sheet when viewing the lessons. Learned a bunch about excel.
I am glad I took this course in Basic Excel even though I have used Excel in my previous jobs 10 years ago.  This was a refresher course and I learnt some new features which I was not aware of.
it is so difficult to pass i have attended every quizzes more than 2 times but its really fun in completing this course i loved it everyone should go for this and take this course happy mind..
a comprehensive package for a beginner. absolutely top notch quality of a program. highly recommend this. i  was a beginner too when i started. really hands-on which gives you that confidence.
Really nice course for beginners. Everything was explained so well and to the point. From now on I have started to recommend this course to everyone, who wants to learn the Excel from scratch.
Excellent Course Content and very clear step-by-step explanation for each of the tools available. Thank you Coursera for making this Course available uner the 'Coursera for Campus' Initiative.
This course helped me to developed my skills on Excel. I now feel comfortable and relaxed while using different tools and techniques in excel. Thanks a lot for providing me with this platform.
Even though I used to think I knew all about the basics, it turns out I didn´t. This course taught me that self-learners nly get to a point and that being curious and disciplined pays forward.
Excellent course. Can't wait to jump into the next level. Using the free month trial of Office 365 to take the specialisation since the online and non-subscriber software doesn't quite cut it.
Great way to learn the basic skills needed to use Excel. Allows for students to follow along to the lectures and lots of practice. Provides step-by-step instruction for how to complete a task,
The course helped me get a hang of Excel and become familiar with all the different tools. There are many small details that are highlighted int he course that actually make a huge difference.
This is by far a very well-guided and thoroughly taught course. I enjoyed the structure and approach of Macquarie teachers, Practice video, Quiz, Challenge and Assessment throughout the weeks.
One of the best Excel course I have come across. Nice explanations. This course can be taken by anyone. Even by absolute beginner. Assignments were too good to check your knowledge thoroughly.
Super helpful! All lessons are easy to understand and the teachers are very encouraging. I thought the course will bore me but to my surprise I always look forward excitedly in every lessons.
I think this course has all the essential tools for a person who wants to start learning Excel or wants to get the basics. The courses are straightforward, with simple and clear explanations.
Great course!!!! Will definitely blow you up~~~ Honestly speaking, not easy to get this certificate. Give it a try or you wouldn't know how much "essentials" you didn't get it for using Excel
i thought before that excel was more complicated to learn. but after starting this course, it has become so majestic course that i never feel boring. thanks for making such wonderful courses.
I am glad to have a part of this course. Really it helps me
in my professional life. Can’t wait for the next course. Thanks to coursear for
giving me a chance to complete this  course. Thanks
This course was indeed very helpful. Assessment  test after each video's and practice exercise was the best thing .Short-cut keys were quiet helpful. One of the best excel courses available.
Excellenttt I totally recommend this course. It is very easy to understand and they really try that we understand everything and know how to apply what has been learned. Thank you very much.
Very challenging and the demonstrations were very detailed and I think its a great opportunity to have taken this course because this will be very useful in my line of work. Thanks Coursera!
The course is really amazing!! It helped me revising all the my old information about excel. I believe I understand the whole content and I am really to apply them anywhere! Really THANK YOU
The Course was very informative and Interesting, the way they cover each topic was very nice and handled excellently to keep the students on track. Feeling great after attending this course.
I m very happy to complete this course.As a Beginner, this course helps me to learn about excel.The instructor's are excellent. They provide lectures very precisely.. Thanks for the teaching
It was very useful and quite interesting. The course helped us improve our knowledge in excel. Thanks to the organisation and the instructors for giving us a wonderful opportunity. Thank you
The course was very good. I was easily able to study the basics taught by the faculties even without any prior knowledge of Excel. I am very much thankful to all who are working behind this.
This course is Really helpful for anyone who is learning excel with its quiz and final assessment It will really test your skills and knowledge so one should take this for their better need.
It was amazing experience working with excel..hope it  will be of great importance in my upcoming career..thankful to the authority who have created such a platform of international standard
Quite Informative. I learned a lot of things through this course. The step by step approach with quizzes at the end which includes working on sheets and then answering is really commendable.
This course has made a huge difference in my online learning career. In a word, the experience was awesome with the honorable instructor. Thank you Macquarie University . Thank you Coursera.
The course is awesome and the pace it was going is also best. The instructors are very much engage with us in the course. I likely to do the course till advance level.Thank You,Sahil Sharma
The course is very useful for any kind of business. Although I'm using Excel for more than 15 years, there are still a lot to learn and this course was helpful to improve my job efficiency.
The course structure is really good for starting with Excel. Even though the course content may look easier, but it does not when it comes to the assignment. Tricky questions. A good start!
Very much helpful for someone who is only thinking of getting started in Excel. Step by step mentoring, astounding clarification of each segment has made it incredibly helpful for learners.
Excellent course. Macquarie University did an excellent job preparing this course! Everything is so simple and easy to understand, plus everything they talk about is important and relevant.
Great course of learning 'ABC" of Excel. Instructors are very easily taught and instructed. Their techniques and speeches are very specific and proper. Very effective course to learn Excel.
Whether you work with finance, administration, statistics, data science or any other area that analyzes and manages data. So this course was made for you!

Great teachers and great content.
So far best course i've taken. Very professional, great instructors, quizzes and assessments were challenging enough, and it comes with lots of optional materials and challenges to improve
I am really happy to complete this course. This is a course for everyone who wants to take their Excel skills to the Next Level. The course is beautifully crafted with hands-on activities.
An excellent course. It was extremely well laid out and presented in an interesting and informative manner. The Weeks were well paced and the ongoing assessments keeps the student focused.
Just an amazing course of excel. I must say the instructors are unbelievable. The course is well organized and practice questions were so effective and practical. Thanks to the organizers.
I am an intermediate excel user and I took this course as a refresher. I definitely learned a lot of the basics that I forgot over the years.I recommend all excel users to try this course!
I think A function Like VLOOKUP was really mandatory to be covered in the basic as it is one of the most commonly used function for beginners. If that had been there this course was 5 star
I enjoyed it but would have liked it much more if there was a feedback option for every quiz conducted. So the students could give anyone suggestions on the questions asked in the quizzes.
The course is very well stractured although a bit longer than i think it needs to be. they can compress and make it shorter. but in the end it is very intuitive and invested. i recommend!!
Awesome class - teaching basic concepts in a fun way with an eye to higher productivity and using shortcuts and performing steps without using the mouse. I look forward to the next levels!
I highly reccomend this course! Even for the ones who already have some skills developed in Excel, it gives you keyboard shortcuts and some really usefull tools to optimize the daily work.
The course is just awesome! The instructors motivated and encouraged me a lot to move ahead. I cordially thank all the instructors, Macquarie University and Coursera. I just love you all!
This course was wonderfully designed with precise guidelines. The most interesting thing was to get a discussion video about the topics coming ahead. Exams/challenges were also effective.
This is the best Excel course series I have enrolled ever. Very clear explanations, lots of exercises and perfect material. It is clear that the instructors have done the course with love
The entire course module was designed meticulously and the trainers were amazing, they made the learning very easy and guided to all the details and shortcuts required for day to day use.
A must course for the beginners! The instructors were excellent and were very clear in their method of teaching. I will continue the rest of the courses. Special thanks to my instructors.
Amazing how much I learnt in so few sessions! The video explanations are really simple to follow and with the prepared excel exercises you can try out the theory straight away. Thank you!
Great Course, really helps us get a firm grip on Basic Excel skills, the practice material is perfect to test out any experimentation. Sean must not face any difficulty at work after this
Going through this was very immersing and not scary at all! The teachers were very friendly. The visuals were great and understandable! Certainly will step into the next course of Excell.
It was amazing !! I am so happy, and so excited to continue those courses. Thank you all for all of your efforts in this course, and I wish you all the best. See you in the second course.
There are so many useful tools in the excel, however you don't even know it's there until someone shows you. This course shows you the tools that are available. Great introduction course!
well,  Finally done this . I am now very confident about my calculation and now i can navigate essential batten on excel . thanks' to all teaches . this course really helpful to everyone
I thought I knew excel. But I was wrong. I knew how to operate excel, this course taught me how to master excel. This is obviously by far the best Excel tutorial I came upon on Internet.
It's one of the best courses I had ever done.  Teachers were amazing and their teaching skills amazed me. They were friendly throughout the whole course. I would love to do more courses.
It has increased my confidence, I have learned alot. I already worked on Excel for many works but this course has increased my knowledge. It was amazing to complete the final assessment.
The course has been beautifully compiled. Quizzes after every practice video and other assignments give you very good practice on things you have learned. Overall, happy with the course.
Great videos, all the subjects are superbly explained. The videos are easy to understand and follow. The optional material is very useful to continue practicing Excel. Highlt recommended
This course was extremely detailed and useful. Throughout the course, Prashan sir and Nikky ma'am guided very well and ensured that we got the required skills from the course. Thank you.
it was great experience with coursera. this was a good and helpfull course for me. the way and teaching process was so easy and clear.thanks coursera for providing such helpful guidlines
I have been using Excel for 2 years but I learned many new options. Practice tests are the most effective part. I would highly recommend to start this course and make a solid foundation.
A very useful and well-organized course. I really enjoyed myself while learning, experimenting and practicing. I hope I will exploit my acquired knowledge and expertise in my future job.
Really great course teaching you all the basics needed in Excel. The learning was great and applied it to examples which helps to enforce what you've learnt. Would recommend to everyone.
Very engaging, exercises were very well put together to get you to practice your basic skills. i feel very confident going onto more advanced classes in Excel and t is due to this course
very helpful introduction to excel. Even if you are an experienced user
you can learn new things (shortcuts etc) and helps you remind things. It is a
good start in order to move forward.
It was one of the fun and practical course i have ever learned. All the elements were precise and videos were on the point. The challenges were more fun and I loved the final assessment.
Very easy to follow for an Excel beginner. Lots of tips. Quizzes sometimes made you work through the software on your own, which was a bonus. Looking forward to the Intermediate courses.
Excellent introduction to EXCEL.The course starts from scratch so it might be a bit boring from time to time for those using the tool for many years but even then you learn a few things.
This is indeed the best course on Excel. I have learnt a lot and with my head held up high I can brag about excel to my colleagues. Next stop : Excel skills for Business: Intermediate 1
Course content was well organized. One of my highlights was learning conditional formatting. Was able to easily understand and follow along even with an older version of excel. Thanks!!
this course really help me to understand the basic rules, i don't even feel that i  am new to excel because both prashant and nikki makes this course enjoyable and make this easy for me
This course is very good. Learning materials are easy to understand. The lessons can be compiled well. The instructor speaks English not too fast. Thank you very much for ggreat course.
This is a little long but very good excell courses. It is 6 week and since there is a lot of quizes, it will take a long time to complete. But do not hrsitate the quality of the course.
This course provided me a strong basic concept for excel. The tutors are really amazing. They have made the videos keeping in view of learning pace of every student. Highly recommended!
This course is really awesome. It made me more efficient in Excel than I was before. The syllabus and topics are prepared in such an appropriate way that it makes a newbie to an expert.
This is an excellent introduction to the basic concepts behind using Excel.  This is definitely a beginner course, and even at a beginner level, it teaches and allows you to do so much.
I'm really happy to have taken this course, I've been using Excel for years in a basic way. This course helped me to work a little more efficient and understand the mechanics behind it.
An excellent course. Its detailed and informative. Recommend it for both beginners as well as those with intermediate knowledge as it's a great course to brush up on the basics as well.
Such a resourceful course, I got to know so many tips and tricks that completely renewed my Excel performance, the course is very user friendly and entertaining, I highly recommend it.
It's an excellent course, with many excercises to do through the weeks, which helps you to have a focused practice on what you're learning.  The tips are really helpful, so take notes.
Excellent content and I developed a new skill just because of you ,I understand each and every concept and practice on it,I love the teaching of Nicky and Prashant...thank you so much.
Incredibly Helpful. I have been using Microsoft Excel since I was 8 (I'm 27 now) and I learned a lot. The course familiarized me with the formal names and function of excel operations.
The course on Microsoft Excel was very interesting and the trainers also made it easy for us to learn.I express my gratitude to Macquarie University for providing us with such courses.
very nicely built course. I learnt a lot from this course especially about making charts and keyboard shortcuts. I really looking forward for the intermediate course under this series.
Awesome course......I learn a lot of thing...But the Final exam is Difficult....But there You not do any time of cheating...Every right answer will give you a joy..I love this course..
Very helpful for me as they guided me from very basic to some interesting tricks.Looking forward to complete the full specialization.This course is a real fun in this corona situation.
Sessions were are conducted perfectly. Instructors are very clear on the points and explains really well. I was able to learn many functions which i'll be able to use on a daily basis.
The course was nicely structured and all the material was well-explained. All the assignments were clear and I think it is an extremely good idea to have a small quiz after each video.
Very interesting introduction course even for those who are used to Excel because it teaches you some basic that will simplify your life and set you to great start for the next courses
This course is one of the best I have complete through Coursera; the lecturers are very knowledgeable and dynamic and the course material is easy to follow and interesting.  Thank you!
Everything that I was looking for improve my skills I found on this course. I've only had one problem, because of the latter version from one sheet, but was solved by the support. 5*!!
Excellent course for beginners and an excellent course for those with experience with excel but who have never received any formal training. I would recommend this course to everyone.
Kudos to Prashan, Nikky & all other staffs worked behind this course. Exceptional course material, and interesting class. Planning to take other 3 courses left in this specialization.
Really great class. Even when I had some notion of Excell, I learn a lot. The content was clear, not hard at all to understand and really well explained and break down. I just like it
Excellent program with in depth learning modules and interactive assignments. Unique process leads to high levels of engagements and sharper learnings. Highly recommended for learners
One of the best cource to learn excel. The way of teaching is so good and easy to understand. A;so bit by bit test to know how much i have understood. Really thanks to make it happen.
Excellent way of conducting course, learner centric, very well structured and designed givning hands on practice and make it easy to understand.........................thanks Coursera
This first is the course, I have completed. I developed my skills from here. Let's see another part that has not yet. Pray for me, this course will be finished as earlier as possible.
It is the best course for beginners in excel. They provide each and everything for beginners. It is an amazing course I will suggest everyone who wants to learn excel try this course.
COURSERA WILL BE SO USEFULL IF WE USE IT CORRECTLY AND IT HELPS US TO LEARN MANY THINGS WHAT WE THINK WE KNOW I AM HAPPY TO HAVE COURSERA AND HAPPY FOR COMPLETING A COURSE SUCCSEFULLY
I did not think I would learn anything new in the basic, but I discovered a few tricks I was not aware of. I am satisfied with this course and will move on to the next level of Excel
It's very interesting and exciting. It's very clear and there are many tools to can improve your skill, and practice. In the end but not least this training approach is a lot of fun.
This is excellent course. Very user friendly . Enjoyed learning advanced Excel. Thanks Coursera and faculty Prashan and Nicky. They are amazing. Thank you very much for your support.
Well-explained videos with enough exercises. Well-thought assignments/challenges, quizzes & final examination which are helpful to familiarise/practice what the students have learnt.
If you dont know anything about Excel and you are a little scared. Take this course it had helped me to see excel as an excellent tool of learning, thank you so much for this course.
the provided activities + questions after each video helped me to apply what I learned. very professional and informative way of teaching. I really recommend this course. many thanks
Excellent course, one of the best I have been on Coursera, everything is well explained and there are many activities to practice. I really love it and will continue with the others.
I would recommend this course for even someomne who is familar with  excel. Because here we get to learn learn more on the features of escel and how it can utilized for our advantage
This course is the easiest to learn Excel skills for a beginner. The right concepts with the perfect explanation. I'm ready to conquer the 3 remaining courses in this specialization.
The course is wonderfully designed and executed. I learned my new things from the course and will help to increase my speed in excel. Thank you all for making such a wonderful course
Though I am pursuing the whole specialization till the advanced level and I already have good basic skills in Excel, I really enjoyed this first part and still learnt a lot of stuff!
Excellent videos and training materials. Love the challenges and quizes. Highly recommend it, even though I knew 85%, still learned a lot of new shortcuts and tricks. On to the next.
This is a very informative course,I am grateful for the scholarship i can now navigate easily on Excel and give quality reports,Looking forward to the next level Execel ntermediate 1
As a user of Excel, this course taught me more about shortcut and quick steps that i did not know that will make my daily use of navigating excel even easier.  Onto the next Course!!
Great teaching techniques. The method of downloading the workbooks and then answering the solving the assessments gave a great hands on experience. Gonna cherish it. Thanks Coursera.
Extraordinary course for every excel beginners. Starting from simple cell to charts, the contents were delivered in an very engaging way. The cognitive way of learning is excellent.
I would like to thank Macquarie University
for teaching me this important content in such a short time. I'm sure this course will improve my curriculum. Thank you, Rafaela Teixeira.
I knew very little about using Excel and what it can do.  This beginners course was very helpful and my confidence level skyrocketed after completing.  Will be taking all 4 courses!
One of the Fantastic way to learn the excel, Sharp way i love it. This will provide the skills and the quality what you want to see in yourself and even the market  demand from you.
I found the lessons to be very informative and easy to follow. I highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn about excel or just wanting to further develop their skills!
Great course, I gained the knowledge I really need to in a rather easy and fun way. Thanks a lot for this I would definitely recommend this training. So many useful tips and tricks.
- Large collection of data, assignments after each video, easy to follow and very thorough videos. All of these futures some up this 6-Week course. I would definitely do that again!
Nice course on excel basics. I learned a lot in just about 8h of study time (video speed set to x1.25-x1.75). I liked the rythm of short video clips, practice exercices and quizzes.
I thought I knew about essential stuffs about excel, but there were some features I did not know about. This course was very useful and I will continue with the Intermediate course!
This course is fantastic. I have known few techniques in using Microsoft Excel but going through all the discussions, I have learned more useful ways to improve my skills in excel.
One of the best and most detailed courses throughout Coursera. The assignments, challenges and assessments are fun and challenging and actually contribute to building excel skills.
Thank you so much for providing this course. the couse was very much interesting to learn more things in excell. i thank the instructor ...who was guided clearly and interestingly.
It was amazing, Interesting, Easy and I'm very happy to complete the course very easily.The instructors are amazing, the course is easy to understand and the tips are very helpful.
Very well laid out and paced.  Instruction is very clear!  I had Excel experience before, but I learned a lot, especially different shortcuts to help me more efficiently use Excel!
The videos were short and easy to follow. The language used was clear and concise. So far this has been the most helpful course for me. I know that I have improved my Excel skills.
Thorough course on the basics of Excel to equip your toolbox. Also good refresher course for those who use Excel at a very basic level already, and want to solidify what they know.
Awesome Experience: Knowledge of Expert knowledge & their content delivery  are really great Further, the explanation of topics using example  makes it easy to understand the logic
The course teaches from the very basics. I was directly able to attempt all quizzes as I am trying to get specialization of excel. I have to start learning from intermediate level.
Great for beginners but I highly recommend learning on PC. The subtle differences with a Mac can be really confusing and prove to be challenging if you want to learn the right way.
Great introduction into Excel. Very well structured, lots of good tips and information. Also the quizzes and assessments are really fun! Looking forward to the intermediate course.
I was thinking that excel is very difficult but either I was wrong or the Teachers are Awesome. Of course, I was wrong the excel is difficult but the teacher had made it very easy.
I had absolutely no confidence in excel. I have learnt so much from this course and am thankful for the regular tests provided throughout the course and awesome teachers! thank you
Course is thorough and elements are explained and demonstrated well. They emphasize practice and repetition to cement the learning which is appreciated. Very satisfying experience.
Although this course is supposed to be basic, I've learnt a lot in each section. Very well made, with useful tests after each video, downloadable worksheets and clear explanations.
Great course for those who want to improve their base knowledge of Excel. Even after years of using Excel, I still learned some new things through this course - highly recommended!
Very vivid and useful case and solution. Better use computer with an additional screen to make sure you practice with it. You will gain much confidence once you got the hang of it.
This was an amazing course. Before taking this course, I considered myself an intermediate user. However, I realized that I don't know many basics which make excel more efficient.
The Course is very informative for a beginner , so easy to understand. The practice challenges , Key Tools , Excel Terminology  are so helpful . So much satisfied with the course.
Well it was really a great course, I have learned a lot of things form this training. and I know it would surely help me in my day to day work. It will improve my efficiency as we
This is an excellent course to prepare for the intermediate class or to refresh your skills in basic Excel functions.  It has value for the experienced or beginning user of excel.
I love how the lesson explained each video. It helps me a lot. The instruction is very clear and also the challenge is very fun. I'm enjoying every part of this course. Thank you!
well-paced course! instructions were clear and the workbooks were especially useful. was pretty hesitant taking up a subscription for this at first but this is definitely worth it
Learned so many techniques from this course, practice a lot alongside the videos and ninja tips will make excel bit more easier. Grateful to the course teachers and this platform.
Great Experience !!I really surprised to see the process of teaching and examining. I must suggest to do this course and take the challenge for every student as well as employees.
Tutor is having a good knowledge about excel and the way it was taught was quite impressive Every exercise was enriching. Altogether nice course for those want to basics in  excel
I liked this course. The teachers are positive and very professionals. They had created education videos with attentiveness and care. I have improved not only my Excel skills, and
Excellent course, well structured and presented. To get the
total benefit of this course, I would recommend completing all courses in the Excel
Skills for Business Specialization.
I found this course to be very done by the staff in providing a very encompassing approach in its effort to provide its students with a solid foundation to build upon. Thank you!
There can't be a more clear explanation. Thanks to Prashan, Nikki and the coursera team for putting up such a neatly crafted and easily understandable course on excel essentials.
This course is very helpful who are afraid to use Excel. Videos and assignments are very effective. I am feeling very confident about using Excel for most commonly used features.
The course proved out to be very helpful for me. It cleared all the basic concepts of Excel. I really liked the course design. It is knowledgeable and provides practical learning
very well explained. Really very interesting and amazing test modules which make sure one doesn't proceed to next level without properly understanding the current one thoroughly.
I truly liked the way of presenting this course and now I'm eager to complete all the remaining 3 courses in this Specialization. A great learning experience and teaching method.
Really enjoyed this course. Instructors are very clear in communication and knowledgeable in Excel. I really recommend this course to anyone looking to learn the basics of Excel.
Phenomenal course! really got lots of skills. The videos teach you how to use Excel spreadsheets step by step with very clear visualized instructions. Overall really recommended.
Perfect. Learnt so much. I use to feel I Know excel so well till I did this course and discovered so many new things. Including the Ninja techniques.Thanks to Coursera, My tutors
A rewarding experience because I have been able to learn very valuable information. It is an excellent course. It has helped me in the personal and professional field. Thank you.
Course is very beginner friendly and thorough. Each exercises are challenging but with the right amount of guidance for students to get through it. Worth every second of my time
Absolutely brilliant course with everything explained in a quite easy and detailed manner, the assignments are well curated and ensures the learner's comprehension on the topic.
Instructors were great! Everything was taught crystal clear, I faced no confusion while learning through online video and after taking up with the quiz, Thank you for the course
Very nice course. Well structured, logical, smooth progress through easy to intermediate and even advanced techniques. It was a pleasure to follow. Thank you, Prashan and Nicky!
Perfect format for learning how to use Excel! Short videos, very clear, and a lot of practice material. The assessments are challenging and the (automatic) feedback helps a lot.
Just Awesome, They teach from very basic so that easily anyone can understand , also quiz after every session t helps a lot , definitely i am going to complete all this courses.
Good refresher for those familiar with Excel and definitely a good step-by-step learning course for those unfamiliar with Excel especially for Business usage purpose. Thank you!
very useful course with nice and enjoyable videos to learn and or course, nice challenges that brings the best out of you. thanks a lot and remember: practice makes permanent :3
Its really  an excellent Course.  The two experts Prashan Karunaratne (course Instructor) n Nikki have explained d course so efficiently . I'm very thankful n  grateful to them.
A very great opportunity to learn the essentials of EXCEL and was able to complete them within a short span of time learned a lot from this course. Thanks, Macquarie University.
Amazing course, never enjoyed giving a final assessment exam so much ever before! So interactive and fun to do. The videos were great and I had great fun completing this course!
Very useful! Despite being a regular Excel user, I decided to start the course from the Essentials and to my surprise I could learn new stuff since the first class. Really nice!
Excellent, Course Structure, Planning, Execution, Explanation. No words to express, Keep it up. And Thank you very much for building the new skills through this online platform.
Everything is taught systematically and the course structure and the assignments make it fun to complete. A very useful course for a person like me who just started using Excel.
I thought the pacing of the course was very well done and the structure (ie with the course alternating between videos and short quizzes) felt interactive. I enjoyed the course!
Easy to understand and user friendly platform. Effective learning tool. The only issue is that this platform is made for PC and some of the Mac functions are not the same as PC.
Thanks, course era for offering me this course. I am so glad that could get this opportunity to learn about excel. You kept help with the quizzes and assignments. Thanks a lot.
Basic yet significant skills are taught during 6 weeks. Excellent coursework, good tutorials. Overall, i would recommend this course to all who want to improve, learn and grow.
Excellent course, helps you understand the basics of excel in detail. very elaborated course structure, interactive lectures, very skillful instructor. Overall great experience
Very good course for basic if excel , Course content materials are very good .I had been using excel long time however i had learned 40 % to 50% new skills about basic of excel
Very Tasking interactive excel experience with detailed explanation on how-toVery recommended course for anyone aspires to know the use of spreadsheet for daily life businesses
this has been an exceptional educational journey, I can proudly saw am very confident now about my excel skills and know that my performance at work is going to greatly improve
This course helped me so much! It felt like I was in the classroom when I put on my headphones and got to work. I learned so many tools to make me more successful in my career.
Outstanding course.  The best one I've taken.  It's a "must take" for anyone wanting to fill the holes in their Excel knowledge or planning on taking the more advanced courses.
I did not have the time to complete, but this was a excellent course, helped me better my life. Thank you very much to the producers and lecturers, from the bottom of my heart.
An excellent course for begineers and also for the people who have a rough idea about Excel. Excel is much more then we were taught in School. A necessary course for everyone.
With this Course i learnt a lot about Excel. i recommend it to everyone willing to upgrade their Excel skills. the instructors explain all the concepts clearly.Ths is the best
Thix is the best course if you wanna kickstart and learn Microsoft Excel.I loved to learn this course as the tutors were good and they were understandable! Thank You Coursera.
I am really grateful and feel proud that I can use excel much easier than before. I would highly recommend those who wish to learn this skill as this will help you in long run
the excel course was very helpful.As i have been self taught on Excel i didn't have knowledge about various basics and shortcuts to perform, so i find this course very useful.
This course teaches the basic necessities of Excel along with basic formulas and chart making. Overall, the course was a good refresher for myself and I plan to take the rest.
Why are you missing this matter?? Great teachers, easy to be followed & you can see immediately results on your Excel skills, go ahead & start right now this essential course!
This has really improved my learning ability on the Spreadsheet. I can now do more with Microsoft Excel which will deliberate impact on my deliverable and broaden my skillset.
Very good course. It gives me insights on how to operate Microsoft Excel efficiently. Also, the course is easy to understand and it provides projects for students to work on.
Extremely well-designed course! It is highly practical and allows you to really improve your skills.Plus, I've learned that  "Practice makes permanent" is a motto to live by.
Very interactive and engaging course. The instructors are lovely, and exams are very trying and intriguing. the unexamined life is not worth living indeed. Thanks to the team
Very good for the Foundation of Spreadsheet (Excel). The most important week was Week 1 to me because in self-learning, there were many gaps and that were covered rigorously.
Really an excellent course to get you through the basics of excel. I thought I new all the basics but I definitely learned a few things. Looking forward to the other courses.
this course is so much helpful to me. and i gain and learn many knowledge. i'll make sure i will practice more about this course and willing to learn more. Thank you so much!
This course is soo beautifully designed, explaining minor details about everything. One interested in Excel and enhancing their skills in it should really go for this course.
It was an excellente course, with excellent teachers and i'm really sure that I learn a lot. Thanks Coursera and thanks Mcquarie University for everything I could learn here!
It was a great course for me, I used excel for a while but I have learned a big deal with this course.  I will definitely take on the other levels to improve my excel skills.
The course is excellent for beginners in Excel. It is framed in an interesting way. The language used is quite appealing and everything is explained in the best possible way.
Met my expectation and i'm very happy i joined this course. Well planned,organised and explained.i recommend it to all. thank you Macquarie University and thank you Coursera.
This course was so helpfull for me, the way the teachers explain was great!!!I want to thank each of the people who made these online courses possible.Saludos desde CHILE !!
last final assessment  test at the end of week 6 was not convincing because the based on the question i have entered correct answer but it result answer is showing it wrong.
Great Course. It helps me to get the basic skills of Microsoft Excel.Course videos and Materials are precise and practical.I am very happy and excited to finish this course.
This is the best detailed course for Excel I have ever seen. The way the excel has been taught is interesting and very impressive. A very Good course design in all respects.
The course is exceptional. Makes use of excel so much easier and quizzes after each video make it much easier to retain what is taught. Love this course. Highly recommended.
This is one of the best courses I have taken so far. It is light yet full with new information and shortcuts almost everyone can benefit from. Thanks for everyone in charge!
Its a really interesting course that have add to my knowledge a lot, even if I'm good at good at excel, i learned a lot of new information and I'm happy with this experience
very useful course for all categories of learners. videos and workbook quiz enhances the knowledge of excel from basics to expert level. Thanks for organizing such courses.
Its an excellent course which help you to sharp your excel skill in a meaningful way and definitely it will help us in our routine business as well as in Our Business also.
This course is recommended for everyone because the course provides detialed knowledge in excel from scratch and helps me to operate excel more effective and effiecent way.
I almost skipped this as I have been using Excel for many years.  I am so glad I didn't!  I learned things that has sped up a lot of my daily work! Highly recommend to all!
This course is exceptionally well-instructed for any level. The materials are instructed according to the difficulty and the quizzes or weekly exams are pretty challenging!
The course taught us to work with excel but I felt difficult to clarify some of my doubts. So my request is to improve the interaction between the learners and instructors.
It is one of the best course i had done till yet. Instructor help us to clear the concepts very well. Thank you coursera providing this platform to me to learn this course.
the course was outstanding through which I can solve all my basic doubts related to Excel. Thank you, Author, to provide these valuable skills through the online platforms.
Just Amazing, Now learning excel is like a piece of cake, Specially designed Practise worksheet allows you to go in-depth and learn all the function smoothly. Thanks a lot.
Nikki and Prashan have been helpful throughout the course and this journey of achieving the basic skills of excel was very great and fun. Thank you for offering the course.
One of the clearest and best online Excel courses. Excel tools were explained in a way that made them easy to remember. The Essentials course teaches quite a lot, actually.
This emazing cource will give you great initial knowledge and experience of Microsoft Excel usage) I just want to thank everyone) And remember: "Practice becomes permanent"
This course was understnadable perfectly. And i have learned many things or formula from this course, definitely it will help me in future or in my career. Thanks coursera!
Nicely build course. Even people with previous experience with Excel can find here new tips and tricks. A bit challenging for the students who have non-EN version of Excel.
The way of teaching is very nice, everything is explained very clearly and there is no need to even ask doubt because every thing is explained properly in the video itself.
The course was very detailed and knowledgeable for my work. Am sure this will help me to work better and efficiently which in turn will assist to achieve the company goals.
It was really fun learning things from scratch in a way in which we were related to a person (Sean) who is a newbie in excel and getting trained along way was really good.
This course has a good overview of basic excel using, review of common use in daily work activities and also point out some mistakes or over-processing when handling excel
It was a great learning experience, with teachers so patiently teaching and pointing out all the small details. Thank You for letting me excel in this and elsewhere too !!
Great course for a person that doesnt have any knowledge in Excel or a beginner with the software. I would highly recommend do this course to increace your skills in Excel
Fantastic course ,apt amount of practice workbooks provided , quizes after every concept which help you test your understanding about the concepts grasped, great shortcuts
Provided the major knowledge and also the key information about Excel, to which we can make our work more easier and presentable, while working in any of the organization.
Very nice to know such exciting things that I could have done with an inbuilt software which was accessible to me all the time. Nice effort from the Team. Appreciate that!
The best way to learn is to learn by doing, I learnt a lot within a short period of time. I'm very grateful to everyone who has contributed to making this course possible.
This course is very much informative.You can enrich your previous knowledge or basic knowledge over Excel.The way two instructor presented lessons were very easy to learn.
I Really enjoyed learning MS Excel from this course. This course is not only engaging but also very interesting. It comes with some nicely made assignments and challenges.
Excellent course for beginners! Even after using Excel for several years, I still found new tips and tricks that make my work more efficient. Thanks for this great course!
This course instructors are very skilled and they are amazing teachers. I recommend all of you to do this course because it is very essentials all of us in our daily life.
I have learned a variety of skills. Although the course teaches basic concepts and techniques, there were so many details that I did not care or did not really understand.
The course was extremely helpful and eased the student into excel instead pushing everything all at once. learned everything when it was necessary and in order of priority
Excellent course!! I have some experience with Excel and yet i learned a lot of things. I am looking forward for the next steps!!
Thanks Coursera and Macquarie University!
This course was great for someone like me that uses Excel enough to need to know how to do all of the basics demonstrated in this course, but never gets a chance to be pro
The explanations were clear and relevant. Something I would improve is the explanations for users of Mac, some of the tools don't appear or are different in Excel for Mac.
Very easy to follow. There were many times that I was challenged, but it was a good course. I thought I knew quite a bit before, but this showed that I needed this course.
It is very productive.  Of course i learned alot from here. I would like to highly recommend this course for all students. Practice makes you permanent.👍Thanks coursera❤
Very clear and very interesting.I suggest this course to every student which needs a first approach to Excel or which needs just to train again on this program.Excellent!
This was a really basic course, but still It covers almost different aspects of Excel in a lucid and guided way. It certainly helps in boosting confidence in using Excel.
I learned a lot from this course, but wish some of the videos would not end with 30 sec to 45 seconds left.  It may be my connection due to working from home.  Thank you.
A very insightful course to equip you with the fundamentals of Excel!! The practice exercises and quizzes provide an opportunity to apply and thus reinforce the learning.
Great course! There are a few updates that have been made to Excel since 2017 but it's all navigatable. Very quick and easy learning course, a great path to Excel skills.
Hello, I'm form India. A very thankful to your Unviersity providing this course free. Really Now I'm proudly say to everyone yes I have an excel knoweldge. Thank you much
It was really a very helpful , interactive and interesting course. i recommend it to every one who aspires to learn excel and is not confident to use it. quite impressed.
This course takes the learner through the basics to the complex levels of the Microsoft Excel program. I learned so much more about Microsoft Excel than I thought I knew.
it was a well organised program, i truly truly cannot think of anything more concise and explanatory than your style, awesome job coursera and macquarie university, kudos
It's been really wonderful experience of learning, got few tricks where we can save lots of our time and can create very impassive looking report,data sheet and analysis.
2 professor has taught us on the right path. after the 1st course, I have decided to do the next three courses as well. thank you Macquarie university.thank you Coursera.
A course that let you know the very basic of excel and some important terminology that not many people knows. Lessons are well explained and have many good ninja tips! :)
Very sophisticated contents and practices. The courses are flexible and easy to understand. It's a course which you can master in short time and learn the best of Excel.
The perfect course to reforce and discover the essential and basic elements of excel in a business context. I learned so many tips that my university never taught me to!
The course turned out to be much more useful than I thought, there were a lot of things I had not known before e.g. conditional formatting and freezing panes. Thank you!
excellent course for beginner. By completing this course, you will know more or less usage of every tools. Thanks to maquare university and coursera to make this happen.
Very thankful to Macquarie university for having great Practice Problems and Videos which helped me learn the excel basics quick.Looking forward  to Intermediate course.
Very  Good course, i don't know even basic concept in excel when I was enrolling .they teach  steps by steps  cleary and it was help easy to understand like me.thank you
I'm very to finish this course. I'm looking forward to learning more about Excel in further courses. That'snwhy I have decided to complete the rest of the three courses.
ITS VERY NICE TO LEARN MS- EXCEL  TO CALCULATE LARGE DATA IN A SIMPLIFIED MANNER. I GOT KNOWLEDGE HOW TO USE ALL THE FUNCTIONS  AND FORMULAS IN EXCEL. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
it was a wonderful journey. I was thought I know basics of EXCEL. but after doing this course I realize I was wrong and I learned many basics from this course. Thank you
This is very very good course for excel beginer. I suggest to all if you want to learn about excel spreadsheet I must prefer this university.Thank you.By.Dharmik Koshiya
I learned some great stuff like how to split and freeze columns and rows, how to print the excel, and also hot to insert a chart and format it. I had a great experience.
It's just a wonderful course I had no basics of excel and now I think I know about excell more than many expertsThanks For Nicky & Jan they where such great instructors.
Amazing course. It completely drives interest and motivates us to lean. The hands-on is so well designed and the explanatory videos are perfect for anyone to understand.
There are many things which you might think you already know but this course teaches you all the new and easy ways to do the tasks.Explained nicely with proper examples.
I loved this course and I loved the lecturers. Nice and slow and easy to understand! A tough final assessment  - thank you for the opportunity to learn more about Excel.
I have always had a background knowledge on excel but making everything formal and professionally obtainable is "superbulous".Kudos to MACQUARIE University.GOD BLESS!!!!
This tutorial is really helpful and self explanatory, The tutor did a really good job. Although I asked a question in the forum chat which has not been answered till now
The course is very well organized and the tasks are according selected. I won't search internet for little issues with Excel from now on. Can't wait for the second part.
very neat introduction for absolute beginners as well as a nice recap for those with a good grasp of excel, but in need of systematizing excel vocabulary / shortcuts etc
Great Learning Experience. Course contents are very clear to help understand. I have learnt a lot which will be very helpful to me while using Excel for my office work.
This was a great beginners course. It really helped me to learn and understand the basics of Excel...Lovely! I can't wait to make use of it in the workforce!   ---Ellie
The course gave me some in-depth knowledge of Excel, which will help me a lot in my career. Nicky, Prashan and Yvonne you have done a great job by creating this course.
I have improved my knowledge and this will help me in my work life. In addition to, i learned incredible shortcut keyboards. Thank you to the organizers of this course.
Course materials were good, the mentoring approach was good. The instructor did a good job of communicating and making it a more intimate arrangement.  I learned a lot.
This was an amazing journey throughout this course. I forgot many things due to lack of practices but it reminded me of all the basic things which are really necessary.
This is an amazing course. I am able to learn so many things in a very efficient way. From now, Excel gonna be my new skill. Just loved it and Thanks to the instructor.
It is really helpful application which helps an individual to learn and acquire knowledge according to their timings. Workbook helps us to be in track with our courses.
A great course in Excel Essentials with brief videos covering all the necessary topics. This course is definitely recommended if you wish to master the basics of Excel.
IT WAS AN VERY GOOD LEARNING , GOT TO LEARN SOMETHING NEW N SOME NEW SHORTCUT KEYS.I WILL LIKE TO THANKS COURSERA AND MACQUARIE UNIVERSITY FOR SUCH AN ESSENTIAL COURSE.
Wow! Simply Amazing course by Coursera. It very well structured course. Explanation by Prashan and Nicky was excellent. I have learnt a lot and upgraded my excel skill.
I thought it's gonna too easy for me, because I learned Excel before. But there're a lot to learn in this course. Thanx. But I think week6 course need more explanation.
Time spent on Coursera is enjoyable as it makes the learning process easier and simpler. With Coursera the lifelong learning process becomes adorable and it's worth it.
This is great useful course for the basics. The lessons are easy to follow and tests your skills while doing the quizzes. I would recommend this for those new to Excel.
Very well designed course. The staff and the support material are excelents.I would recomended to anyone looking to improve their Excel skills starting with the basics.
I can't be more satisfied with a course such like this one.I had a wonderful and exciting time studying and watching this course's videos.Thank you so much ...Mohammed.
Brilliant introductory course. It does a great job at building an individual's confidence with excel. Each topic is clearly and beautiful explained by the instructors.
This is an awesome course for the beginner. Instructors were so nice and taught every topic with detail. I learnt a lot about excel from this course. Thank you so much
I had never have a class like this, i had enyoyed pretty much, and i feel so grateful with the teachers because they have a excelent advices for us, thank you so much.
Covers all the basic tools required to begin working with Excel. Loved the storyline throughout the course. Must take for anyone who works with Excel on a daily basis.
Awesome Beginner course! The instructions are thorough and clear, and the quizzes and exercises are really helpful to practice all the points we learn in the lectures.
Simply the best Excel course out there, it covers all the aspects that one needs to get started with excel. Kudos to the profs for keeping the assignments so engaging.
One of the best Excel Fundamental Course I have seen on the internet. Highly recommend course. The teachers are very skilled and explain everything clearly and easily.
fantastic. the way of explaining things are smooth and course has been design in proper way to make things clear easily. best experience till date with online courses.
A good course for all EXCEL beginners. May be too easy for the people who already know how to work with EXCEL but still offer some good tips if you have enough time to
This was an excellent course to give a good solid grounding in excel for most business day to day purposes. Would highly recommend it even to those who are self taught
It was a great course! It helped me to create a good concept on Excel. Now I am able to use Excel in my professional life. Thanks to Coursera and Macquarie University.
This course was very useful for me because now i am able to handle excel in very handy and professional manner, which will provide me an upper edge in my career growth
Fun little beginner course to get your feet wet. I'm experienced using Excel, but it helped learning some new keyboard shortcuts and honing skills that I had forgotten
Enjoyed my experience. Was very scared about learning a technical skill. Although i am slow at the moment i feel a lot more confident. Practise will make permanance :)
excellent, easy to follow with achievable exercises, tests and exam. A definite requirement to gain all basics of the tool and make one competent at daily excel tasks.
Excellent training. Many years I used Excel but this Training learn me huge subject. I am very proud to join this training course. Many many Thanks to all Instructor.
it was all fun! as an educational journey & great explaining ..i will complete the other courses in this specialisation ! thanks to good teaching and clear explaining
excellent! i was able to remember and improve lots of features i have forgotten about + learn new features i have never used. looking forward to intermediate I level.
Great course. Level of teaching is soo high. I'm impressed. I would like lessons like that in school. I'm sure that I will continue my excel learning. Thanks for all.
even though I knew a lot already I learn they why behind it and some new tools that will speed up my work and improve the quality of my presentations.  On to Course 2
Well I had fun doing this course. It was fun and exciting. Many tips and shortcut you can get from this course. Definitely a good course to enhance your excel skills.
I truly enjoyed learning this course. Very informative and the learning plan is well executed with practice and assignments. Will move on to the next learning course!
all resources are good,lectures are good, discussion ,practices challenges are very helpful all over the instructors are very good in full course. thank you very much
Hello. I am very thankful to the university for such a good course. The way of teaching is fantastic. Assignments during weeks are neatly prepared. Thank you so much.
The course is very well designed with encouraging remarks at each step, be it in the videos or in the assessments. Thank you so much, professors. I'm highly grateful.
Nikki and Prashan are both very encouraging mentors. I developed huge interest in Excel because of these 2 guides. Keep Practicing. Because 'Practice Makes Permanent'
if your assessments arent appearing it means you should go to google chrome. i would like if there was a easy to reach helpdesk or chat centre for issues expereinced.
The course was greatly done and despite looking to simple to the level i felt to be, it gave greatly useful shortcuts and procedures that are needed on a daily basis.
AMAZING COURSE!!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDING IT TO ANYONE WHO WANTS TO LEARN EXCEL IN DEPTH OR JUST BRUSH OFF YOUR SKILLS. TIME WORTHY AND LEARNED SO MUCH FROM THIS COURSE.
I was so scared about this course but now I can do everything on excel with my news skills ! I'm so grateful, thanks'u ! and remember, practice makes permanent haaha
I am very lucky to obtain this opportunity. This course is so interesting. I learned lots of knowledge from this course. Thank you to all of you those are guided me.
This course was a mind-blowing and so satisfying experience for me. I waited for long to complete a course in Excel, and I am absolutely satisfied with the contents.
I needed this course a long time ago.  I am self taught, but I had so many gaps to fill in.  This course has put me on the right path to success and professionalism.
nice course to get a better understanding of essential tools involved in excel. Loved the way they teach and weekly assignment helps to enhance the knowledge gained.
I cannot that you enough.from knowing absolutely nothing, i am now able to use excel. that you nikki you were absolutely wonderful loved the explanation and lectures
Great learning experience it was. Every concept has explained very clearly. Practice assignment was fun. I gained lot of confidence in excel with help of this course
Great learning Experience. The videos are super easy to understand and follow. The Challenges are really exciting and help you test your grasp of the topics covered!
I love the format of the course and I'm amazed at the functionality I've gained as a result of using it so far. Definitely I'm looking forward to the other courses.
I love everything about this course! Each video is super clear, and the instructions are easy to follow! I highly recommend this course for all the Excel beginners!
Very well explained and curated. The exercises are designed really well to put to practice what you have learned and find ease with Excel. The course is worthwhile.
This course was in fact trying at times and requires ones full attention and you must focus on the information provided in order to successfully complete your final
The very good course even though I have already used most of the tools that this course covers, I improved my speed and learnt  different ways to do the same thing.
Best course to learn excel. All tips and shortcuts will you find here. After completing this I am sure that, you will impress any one by your excellent excel skills
I prefer every beginner learner in excel must do this course.  It helps to know each an every single topic that we use in our everyday life but don't know the uses.
The Course has been very good and it has cleared all my doubts and taught me the basics of excel that  are needed for a Candidate while he work in a reputed company
This course has helped me learn the basics of Excel. It is easy to follow and understand. The instructors are friendly and motivating. Thanks a lot for this course.
Both Prashant and Nicky did a great job. The course was nicely paced and well explained at each step. Looking forward to doing the next courses in the Excel series.
This is a great course Finger cross. 5 out of 5. Excellent course to kick start your professionals skills in Excel. Great Job  ThankYou Sir Parshant And Mam Nickie.
so happy to complete this course from good university and website of Coursera  Thank you to everyone who is tired to make this course thanks university of MACQUARIE
This course is designed in a really great way where learners not only find this course engaging but also excitingly learns excel. I personally enjoyed this course.
This journey to learning excel skills has been absolutely enjoyable and attending the course was worth it. Looking forward to join the next course. Thank you Guys.
Overall well explained good course for complete beginners. I thought I was not a complete beginner but I figured I was. Overall really interesting and good course.
This course covers minute basics of Excel we otherwise tend to ignore. The course helps you build a strong foundation for further leanings in Excel Intermediate I.
This was a great course to learn from. Every step was precise and thought out for those who are learning to use excel. Glad to be part of this learning experience.
Very well-designed course with passionate and engaging instructors. Quizzes/assessments serve to reinforce learning. Ninja tips are useful! Would highly recommend.
I thought I had a good handle of Excel essentials and almost skipped this. I'm so glad I didn't because I learned alot! Excited to take on the Intermediate course.
I would like to thank the entire team behind this important and very informative course. You have managed it beautifully to make us understand the basics in excel.
The course is great. Very good for someone like me who comes from a science background and knows nothing about Miccrosoft Excel. Highly satisfied with this course.
course is really good and taught in a systematic manner  and practice exercise is really good you can enjoy while doing practice challenge worth of money go for it
Excellent course. All the concepts were perfectly explained in details. I would recommend this course to my friends and everyone who wants to start learning excel.
I have always wanted to equip myself with excel. This course provided me with not just a great overview but the tricks and tricks also add value to your skill set.
Great course to brush up on the basics of Excel (and to find out how some tasks like formatting can be made WAY easier with just clicking a few buttons at the top!
Really wonderful, through and through! A lot of things were revealed to me through this single course after all of the years that I've been using Microsoft Excel!
This course was really helpful. With language and required exercises I could managed to understand it very nicely. Thank You everyone associated with this course.
Great course! Great course instructors. I feel so much more equipped to tackle excel now. Something that was so daunting is exciting to me now. Everybody say WOW!
Great Instruction!!  there were times when the instruction went too fast, however being on line and video, i was able to replay those sections.  thank you!! David
This course was really helpful for me. To understand the basics of excel was essential to me and this course helped me in understanding the basics much clear way.
This is an excellent excel course. The basic learner will be benefited by taking this course.  I'm satisfied with the teaching technique and assessment procedure.
It was one of the best course which I learnt on Coursera! Full of examples and explanation. It has enough practice worksheet! Awesome faculty. Thank you Coursera!
I can now analyse data with ease now. I also know a lot of shortcut for doing things.I'm now happy.If you want to take this course I guarantee you, it's the best.
This is a very interesting and useful course. I thought I knew excel, but found several topics, in each video, that made me enhance my knowledge on this software.
Great course to get you started with MS Excel, you will surely learn something new if you already know how to use MS Excel. I really liked the assessment style <3
I learned a lot from this course.  Thank you very much.  Looking forward for excel advance course. Keep up the good work of educating people.  Appreciate it much.
It's a fantastic course.I came to understand a lot of things about excel.Really loved it.The videos where very effective.Moreover I enjoyed the course  very much.
Our college professors always emphasis on how important Excel skills are and this course is the best for someone who doesn't know absolutely anything about excel.
Hello ! Thank you for the proper information and sequencing the course in a really easy way looking forward for more education and success.appreciate your efforts
I am confident my work life will never be the same with all the skills acquired in this course.  Simple but insightful instructions, Thank you to the instructors.
Inspring and SystematicThe course is well-structured and adequately illustrated. Even I have used excel for quite some time, I still gained something new from it.
Great course to refresh your excel knowledge. All Basics are included and your learn some new tipps, tricks and useful shortcuts to speed up your work with excel.
This course has helped me a lot during my first job. The way of explaining the software here was fantastic and the pace at which it was taught was perfect for me.
Excellent for someone who is just beginning to work with Excel. But if you have been using Excel for some time in the office or college, this is just a refresher.
I like the fact that you need to experiment and try to do the exercises in your excel sheet before answering questions. Better than just multiple choice answers.
Amazing course! Useful not only for the workplace, I had never worked with Excel before and now all my personal finances are well organized within the programme.
very good course I totally loved it. Special thanks to prashan sir and nicky mam. For constantly motivating us to complete the course. Practices makes permanent.
Learning in coursera is in another level for me. This is my first course. I never feel bored for a second. Thank you so much Nikkey and Prashan for Excel course.
Thank you so much for making us understand in such easy way, amazing experience, looking forward to completing the whole course. Thank you so much once again :))
This particular course is the best course for beginners to enhance their Excel skills from scratch. It is useful especially for business students, professionals.
Great Introduction to Excel and its more basic functions, also serves as a solid refresher. Be sure to read the optional and toolbox material because its tested.
Great course!! Practice material and videos are very useful. than you so much for developing this course. I am totally satisfied with the contents and structure.
This course provides a good foundation of skills for Excel, additionally it can fill in a few gaps in your knowledge if you're a self taught Excel user already.
The was perfectly modulated was made absolutely for beginner as i had expected it to be . One of the best courses in the market . Thanks for such a experience .
Very comprehensive basics course ! It was fun to do all the exercises along with the challenging angles provided. The videos were also very information focused.
I had a great experience with you. Thanks for improving my excel skills. I learned a lot of things. Your teaching way is very easy to understand..Again Thanks..
Excellent Excel Course to learn. It is pretty easy to learn and no need to have previous knowledge of Excel. This course will teach you all the basics of Excel.
It was an amazing experience with Prashan and Nicky. They explained to detail that anyone could understand the course. Thanks to Sean for making me grab easily.
I've really enjoyed the path though this course, the professors are both very kind and they encourage me to learn. I'm excited to continue by the second course.
It was a wonderful course. I really appreciate the people who work behind this content. It really helped me a lot. Thank You so much for this nice contribution!
This course was better than I could imagine. I've learned many new things that now is very useful in my work. I intend to do the intermediate and advanced also.
One of the best Excel course I have encountered so far. Well Structured with sufficient practice materials to keep yourself trained. Thank you Prashan and Nikki
It's really easy to understand and the materials are essential excel skills for business as like the name of the course. It's a great first step to learn excel.
I loved the course. It was a good reminder materials for basic excel skills. I am continuing with intermediate course. I like the assessments too. Very helpful!
It is really helpful and easy to understand. I am not afraid to use Excel anymore and I can do a lot of things I didn't before. I feel like I'm an Excel expert!
Great! Excellent course videos, quizzes, practice sheet. I don't know anything about excel. Now I can use it efficiently. Thanks to the instructor and Coursera.
It is a great course and the teachers of this course is great to explain the lessons very easily. Thank you coursera for giving me such an opportunity to learn.
Before enrolling in this course, I had no idea about the wonder of MS Excel. Thank you Macquarie University and the instructor for making it so fun so exciting.
The greatest course I have ever completed on Coursera. Great content!!! I will definitely continue to explore other courses. I just loved it. Thank you so much.
I've learned a lot from these modules. They were of great help. Even these are basics, I got a chance to learn new this. The only word I could say is thank you.
I enjoyed the course throughout. The workbooks were really helpful to check if I got the concepts right. The professors were to the point and explained clearly.
Great course! It is pretty good for essentials and it provides a variety of tests and practice challenges. Looking forward to complete the whole specialization!
Great for learning the basics. Although, I know Excel pretty well, this helped with elements that I was missing, or did not know as such, given its limited use.
learning a lot of useful information at a great rate of pace. I recommend anyone to take this course if you just starting off with basic knowledge of Microsoft.
Very cleverly organized course, it's very basic, but still I've learnt a lot. It's good start to learn more advanced Excel. Will highly recommend to my friends.
I use excel for years and I though that this course was waste of time. I was wrong. The course has some very good tools to make your work in excel much easier.
This is my second course here. I must say that, this course felt more effective than the previous one, in the sense that it was able to extract things from me.
The course module has been organized very well and easy to learn. Thanks, Macquarie University. Instructors are very keen on the subject and the overall great.
I learned so much and i was having fun. I hated excel but all the quizzes, workbooks everything is designed so amazingly that i understood each and everything.
It was a great experience and it was quite fulfilling to start and finish a course that is sure to add an impart in not just my skill set but as an individual.
The Course was rightly guided by the resource persons Dr Prashan S. M. Karunaratne and Nicky Bull.A right tool for day to day activities to professional skill.
its an excellent step by step learning for excel beginners, thank you for putting all important excel commands in structured and well understandable manner. !!
Course is very well structured. Content of the course is very good and easy to understand by a beginner. Instructors of the course have done a commendable job.
I love this course because I learned a lot from it. It's amazing how excel have so much to do and I can't wait to apply and use what I learned from this course
This course was planned beautifully because the assessment was fun to do and challenging. I liked this content very much that I completed this course in 1 week
Succinct videos and a very good course to bruh up your knowledge of excel. Ninja tips are useful and I got to learn something new! Highly recommend the course.
It was an awesome experience to learn concepts. I have never been taught this way. And the best part, the trainers have adopted all methods to solve a problem.
It was very well-taught and course material was well-divided. I had the opportunity to learn about many useful excel features I was previously not aware about.
Coursera is the only authentic platform as per my knowledge where I can get right content with excellent faculties to learn and explore with hands on activity.
Nicely crafted course, curated for early stage excel users, with excellent guideway through assessment tests and videos. Very informative and structured course
I already use Excel for work so I wondered whether the first course would be too basic for me, but I learned a ton of tips and tricks that I can now use daily!
Good videos and assessment tests for beginners level, looking forward to learning Intermediate and Advanced from the same team, good work guys, cheers to that.
Amazingly simpleBrilliantly ExplainedCleverly Paced Splendidly Designed QuizzesThe instructors have just made me a fan of themselves :) Keep Up This Great Work
First of all--Thank  you to the teachers for the job well done. This course, it help me a lot-- I learned so many skills like chart, spreadsheet, graphs..etc.
Great Course and Nicely Explain. Will try and love to meet the Faculties of the Course and convey Thanks in person if by any chance I am able to visit Sydney.
This was amazing because every week the first session was about introducing the week work was very awesome. How they convey their thoughts that was very good.
The best course to get to know the fundamentals and essential tools of Excel. Thanks, Mr. Prashan and Ms. Nicole for the excellent coursework and assignments.
It is a very well designed course for beginners. This course has helped to brush up my excel skills and I am looking forward to start the intermediate course.
As a self-taught user of Excel, I never realized how little I knew of the basics until I took this course. Now I feel like I've filled in the gaps. Thank you!
The course was very useful and very well developed. I enjoyed all videos, exercises and reading ideas.  I recommend it even if you are already an Excel user !
A great introductory course to the power of excel! It is an easy to follow course where you take control of the speed you want to learn and teach yourself in.
Excellent program, teachers and material. I will definitely take the next Excel course for business  with Macquarie University!!!Thank you for the challenge!!
Loved and enjoyed the course! The videos and videos' texts were excellently delivered and were instrumental to my passing of this course. Tubwa! (Thank you!)
REALLY AMAZING , IT ACTUALLY SHARPENED MY BASIC SKILLS FOR EXCEL. BEST COURSE TO LEARN AND BE EFFICIENT IN EXCEL ,LOOKING FORWARD FOR MORE COURSES LIKE THIS.
I have learned so many things of Microsoft excel like never before. It made me so confident that now I will be able to work more confidently and efficiently.
Exactly what I wanted. Clear, easy to stop and pick back up as well as force ahead if I had the time. Finished it in 9 days. On to the intermediate next.....
This is an excellent course to learn from 0 Excel an their functionality. Good teachers, clear information, lots of practice excercises. I lked it very much.
Excellent course. Nice explanations. Nice exercises. Great. Congratulations, looking forward to complete the following courses to achieve the specialization.
Great way to help people understand excel from the basis and how they can utilize in daily life. The quizzes and assessment make it very hands-on experience.
This is a very well composed and helpful course. This can help tremendously who doesn't know anything about Excel or who learned how to use it by experience.
The format of this course is presented to empower the student, and that learning Excel is not only rewarding, but also entertaining with a serious undertone.
Excellent course, even having worked with Excel for quite some time, I found some new tip in every video. But as the name implies, it covers only essentials.
excellent course. Very valuable material and easy to learn videos guiding step by step. Crucial is to keep practicing.Great work by instructors many thanksss
Thank you very much for this course, I think some of the final test's answer is wrong, but overall this course really explain the basic of excel really well
A very good and well explained course for those who have no experience in working with Excel and sure there will be a good gain for any one like study excel
The Course has been well-organised so that learners could easily follow and earn the cutting-edge knowledge which real business requires us to do Excel-work
It is really AWESOME course and organized very well. I have learnt so many techniques and short cuts which is really helpful in my day to day business work.
That was really helpful and amazing piece of content. The instructor chose a good way for instruction that was very helpful to understand in a short period.
The course was excellent. The assessments were only as difficult as they should be. Some concepts could have been explained better, but overall it was good.
1Superb Course! Nicky & Prashath are great instructors. The course is good to build base level fundamentals and confident enough to handle basic operations.
The videos are great and every task and instruction is as clear as it can be. Great way to learn the basis for properly workin on excel. Really recommended!
Excellent for beginners. Loved this course from the bottom of my heart. Great job Prashan and the others in organizing such a great course.Everyone say WOW!
I would definitely recommend this course to everyone who wants to start from the scratch in Excel. The practice tests and assignments are very engaging too.
WOW! I have learned beyond expectation, it was really jolly experience for the first time using   Coursera e-learning. Thanks to Shean for his challenges :)
The course was engaging and well organized. Loved how the instructors created a character and then had discussions before diving into the learning material.
A very important course, easy to understand it. Very complete material to practice in different ways. Nice workshops and clear videos.... I really enjoyed!!
one of the greatest courses I've ever studied regarding great instructors and lots of exercise and entertaining challenges, with almost 0 mistakes or typos.
This course goes over the basics of excel, it is very good if you don't feel comfortable with your excel skills even if you have some knowledge of the tool.
Very informative and easy to understand. The instructors are very good at explaining. Thank you for the additional skills and wonderful time and knowledge!
The Professors were very friendly and their teaching style is mesmerizing as well as helpful in better understanding. I am going to miss "Sean" by the way!
I gained a lot of knowledge just by taking this course, but ultimately it will help me in my day to day job functions.  The instructors were easy to follow
AMAZING COURSE CONTENT AND BRILLIANTLY DESIGNED FOR THE NEWBIES. I'VE INDEED LEARNED A LOT FROM THIS COURSE AND I AM SO GRATEFUL FOR IT. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
Great course to both teach you the basics of excel and pick up on what you might need to know more about. I feel a lot more confident in using the program.
i had some amazing time learning from nicky and prashan. the course was very well organized and explained. i hope to take further courses related to excel.
Excellent! All important aspects are covered.  What I liked the most was the quizes, it was really tricky and intresting...I throughly enjoyed the course!!
The fact that you can't do anything else until you are sure to understand all, it's lit. I enjoyed every bit of this course and I can,t wait to learn more.
The first course alone has helped me understand how to use Excel more efficiently. There is so much to Excel that I would have never figured out on my own.
Great course. Much more engaging and helpful than I initially assumed. I would strongly recommend it to anyone looking to get a firm introduction to Excel.
Job well done, I enjoy the course and I like the way the course is structured with the introduction of ''Sean''. In Prashan's voice... "Everybody say wow!"
Great course for anyone who wants a good refresh of knowledge or learns Excel from scratch. Love the hands-on approach and the tips on keyboard short-cuts.
Very easy to follow and repeat lessons as needed. Definitely taught me things I didn't know how to utilize in excel, even after using excel for many years.
If you are beginner for Microsoft Excel, I recommend this course. Lecture video are easily understandable and can try many practices with given workbooks.
More than just an introduction, this course dives into the essential functions of Excel in a meaningful, usable way. Excellent presentation and materials.
The video lectures are easy to understand and the reading materials too.. I really liked the way Nicki made us understand each method. Thank You so much!!
i highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to improve his excel skills , i really enjoy with it and learned a lot so now i can apply a job woohoo!
My view to Microsoft Excel has totally changed. Such an amazing software with these much skills and good tutors. Thanks Nikky and Prasham for your classes
Great hands-on course, I am an intermediate excel person but it was a good refresher course for me and I highly recommend everyone in the field. Thank you
My first ever online course and I must say it was the best choice I ever made. Learning became so much fun because of the simple & easy way it was taught.
I must say this course helps me a lot to improve my skills. I always believe in learning so thank you so much coursera for giving me wonderful experience.
This was a first online course for me and certainly this course has build confidence in me for further online learning. Thanks a very well module as well.
Very informative and practical Excel Specialization Course. Only the most important aspects, it's very time efficient. And actually fun to follow through.
I love this course this is the best to begin your career it has all the basic information regarding excel basic part. i am the part of this specialization
Learn so much, and using it all. Lectures clear and compelling and the amount of practice time and exercises really help with solidifying the information.
I didn't know the ABC of excel. After completing this course I can now Operate the basics at least . Thanks for everything I have learned in this course.
A really good course and I learnt a lot. I really liked the teaching styles, short videos, regular testing etc. The final assessment was hard, very hard!
Nice Course to begin with for learning Excel and the assessments are designed in such a way that you don't forget what you learned throughout the course.
It was a really great experience that really interesting and which opened lot of doors for me and made me learn excel from the basics totally recommanded
I've always been intimidated by Excel but this course was really straightforward for beginner level and I am excited to use the new skills I have learnt.
This course has helped me  out how to effectively use the various options in MS Excel. Now, I`m able to work with worksheets in a very productive manner.
Very well structured and easily followed. I went through Excel modules in school but I still managed to learn new things in this course. Highly recommend
It was quite interesting, now I am excited about second course of Excel which I will start shortly. Thanks to Maquiaire University and related faculties.
At first I was afraid ..... I was petrified ...Then along came this well presented course which built my confidence in ExcelWell done Prashan and Nicky .
It was a wonderful experience while learning with courseera.the course was quite informative and had useful contents to enhance the skills of the learner
Great course, exactly what I needed to improve my work in Excel. The instruction videos are well-paced and easy to follow, even for a non-native speaker.
Awesome Course...thank you Nickey and Prashan for such a lovely course and for all your hardwork. Your camaraderie between sessions is great...keep it up
I think the course was very well made and understandable. I wish the were more guided tests or quizzes and that the forum would be a bit more accessible.
Too much practice. practice makes man perfect and so this course as well as my instructors were great. the task is not much easy. need to keep patience.
The course is really helpful for beginners and amateurs as it tells us about minute details and amazing excel tools that can be of great help.Thank you.
I know some basics of excel but this course helps me to learn in detail of excel basic. Looking forward to learning more from this excel specialization.
If you want to build the professional spreadsheet handling skills in MS Excel this is for you. This is the basic level course in MS excel to start with.
Excellent introduction into Excel - I've learnt a lot and everything was clear. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to start dealing with excel :)
oh my god, this course is just amazing, it's the most professional course i've ever attended. ii really recommend it to anyone who really works on Excel
This course was very insightful. I knew the mere basics of Excel but this course expanded the knowledge I previously had.I would recommend it to anyone.
A great course to learn basic Excel.I have been using Excel for 5 years of my career, but I never knew so many things that I learnt through this course.
A great way to have a comprehensive knowledge about the Excel. I like the way they made this course is very useful in the daily life.Highly recommended.
I have not have a basic idea after taking this course learned all things about excel and teachers are explained well to us thank you each and everyone.
Discussion and instructions were very clear and concise. This course introduces me to a lot of things in Excel and makes my life and work a lot easier.
I really loved the course and found it very useful. The content was clear and there was a great balance between theory and practice. Thank you so much!
Simplified excellent course for excel beginner and intermediate, I have learned a lot tips despite self user  excel for many years. Highly recommended!
Outstanding Course with fruitful assessment, practice quizzes, and essential materials will help anyone to gain the basic knowledge of Microsoft Excel.
Excellent Course! Very well planned and practically oriented. It was fun learning this course and I am looking forward to proceed to Intermediate Level
I had decent knowledge before hand so managed to pass this test rather quickly.  But excellent little tips and tricks you gave me to use in real life!!
Easy to understand and challenging enough without being frustrating. I enjoyed the structure and the instructors. The assignments were interesting too!
the experience was very good except week 4, in week 4 workbook provided is wrong. some excel sheets are not proper, otherwise, the course was fantastic
One of the best course i have ever enrolled in any website or application. Thank You. I will be continuing my journey with you in coming 3 courses too.
Amazing course. So well designed. Each and every concept was clear. Too interactive videos. Assignments designed way. A course worth investing time in.
Great courses for excel fundamental. The course is well structured and the explanation from Niki and Parshan is very easy to be understood, great work!
I though I knew how to use excel properly, but this course made me realise how much is needed to be taught properly to fill the gaps in  self-teaching.
I've already learned about this course from other sources but I don't feel like I can use excel enough. This course makes me a professional. Thank you.
Excellent course! The content is very thorough and well taught, thank you for expanding on the knowledge that I already acquired prior to this course.
Very helpful especially for basic office work. Clear lecture videos and instructions. Thank you for the elaborate examples and tips! This helps a lot!
Excellent course!! I've never realized such a powerful and applicable tool like Excel before. I'll definitely continue learning to the Advanced level.
very helpfulthank you for coursera to provide a course like this completely  free of costthe classes are very effective and able to understand easily.
The practice challenges were really amazing and tiring at the same time . Got ample opportunities and gained subtle skills to learn and grow in Excel.
It is one of the best courses if you are not familiar with Excel, it takes you step by step which made the learning materials easy to learn and apply.
Very complete course for those who are starting in the Excel world, excellent explanations and very interactive. Can't wait to star the second course.
One of the most well instructed courses on Coursera. Seriously, this program teaches you Excel step-by-step. Anyone can learn excel from this program.
I've learned so much from this course. This splendid course guided me from zero to one! I'm glad that I've chosen this one. Thanks to the creators. :)
This course has made my basics clear and made me ready to explore further into this field. The instructors have done a great job in making this course
Excellent course! Clear, precise, full of excercises because "practice makes permanent". I recommend it to everyone interested in the basics of Excel.
Simple, smooth and detailed. I like this course. It has helped me fill a few gaps and make sure I wasn't being overconfident in my knowledge of Excel.
Great course and great instructors. I thought I knew Excel but I was wrong.  Thank you for hosting this class. I am so excited to learn more in excel.
Earlier I don't like to use Excel because I don't know how to work on it. But now I am so excited to learn Excel. Your quality of content is amazing!
This course is really good even you are not beginner. I have learned many new things! I am looking forward what is waiting in the next excel courses.
i enjoyed the course. The instructors were excellent. I feel the course is well designed for excel beginners and i have learnt a lot from the course.
I am very delighted that I have learned Spreadsheet editing tools such as fill handle, formula bar, page layout, and a number of tools in insert tab.
The course videos and quizes are very well and those helps me to learn EXCEL skills. I am grateful to 'MACQUARIE UNIVERSITY' for this awesome course.
Well-organized, detailed Excel online course which helps to understand basics of  working on Excel. I really appreciate the work. Highly recommended!
it was very very useful as a lot of what was taught was forgotten throughout the years as well as learnt new shortcuts and methods. Fantastic course.
This course is really up to the mark, with a clear explanation and enough practice materials to have a strong grip on the concepts. Excellent course!
Excellent Course, I Loved it. I learned very important Excel Skills Essential for daily use. Thanks all the teachers for their professional guidance.
This course is proper package for those who is a fresher. Those who want the proper way to learn will find this course much more helpful then others.
Great instruction, fun, yet challenging. I enjoyed both of the instructor very well and they displayed excellent teachings skills and communications.
Completing this course make me feel confident at my work place. The videos and the practice worksheets helped me to gain in-depth knowledge of Excel.
Thank yo for the opportunity to improve my skill in MS Excel. It was such a nice course. I really apprtiate your effort on providing knowledge to us.
The best experience ever. I am so please with the information I got, the knowledge I learned. Thank you the whole coursera team for this opportunity.
The learning and module was so well created and delivered. Keep doing such great job, and we will keep practicing. Because, Practice makes permanent.
Thorough Excels basics ! Well explained and enjoyable challenges throughout ! I recommend to anyone wanting to discover or better their Excel skills.
Well structured and clear tutorials. I have been using excel for years but surprised to discover I didn't know some of points covered in this module.
A full explanatory journey for the basics of Excel. Well divided information, clear and on point. I enrolled in this course to strengthen my skills.
Really it helped me alot as I am a beginner so I learnt many things which is very useful for me in  my daily activit. Thanks to Macquarie University
This course is best course for those who want to be a professional in excel. i learned so many skills from this skills will helpful me in my future.
This is my first experience as a free learning, and through coursera I loved It, You can do it in feasible timings, Enjoyed course Thankyou Coursera
This course is organised and perfect for beginners with little or no experience!  I really liked the interactive way of learning! Thank you so much!
This is one of the best course for beginners in excel and no matter what you do professionally you should learn this course to learn Microsoft excel
Fantastic course. Love from India. Everything was so detailed and amazing. And exercise and tests are so nicely put for students. Thank you so much.
very impressive useful cover all the basics essentials make my job pretty easy loved this involving better teaching compact tutorial videos Loved IT
I reviewed essential skills of Excel here. Actually, It really helped me to remember a few skills that I didn't use very often. Thank you very much!
Overall this course gives a basic understanding of major excel functionalities like using formulas, formatting, sorting, filtering and using charts.
Excellent study material including video presentation to enhance excel skill which will help one in better presentation of assignments and projects.
Excellent, fast and comprehensive. Even for someone who already uses Excel at least once a week this is worth the run through (it only takes a week)
The course is enlightening. It taught me things I thought I knew but really I had no idea. And it also taught me how to use functions I scroll over.
Terrific instructors, great videos, and practice assignments. Some minor changes to Excel since 2017, but I was able to find all the right options.
The course was concise, enjoyed the videos "Practice makes permanent", now as Sean am confident about my excel skill.  Thank you Prashan and Nicky.
This is most suitable for someone who wants to learn the basics of MS excel. If they are interested they can opt for specialisation of this course.
Great Course, the contents were great. It was equally challenging and easily conducted at the same time. Congratulations to the trainers. Nice one.
This is one of the best courses I have done online. Once I fear of Excel, But now I love to play with it. Thankyou Macquarie University & Coursera.
Both the professors have taught this course in a very lucid manner. Thank You so much for this course, Macquire University and both the Professors.
Am very grateful for this great opportunity. This learning plate is so amazing and it has really add some excel skills to my knowledge about excel.
Excellent Teaching Style and Equipment which ultimately give me the best benefit. I am really appreciated their curriculum specially, exam process!
This course is very good for business and another accounting field. All course video and study material is good for beginners I am done this course
Very innovative platform. I highly recommend this to  those people who want to be more productive and efficient in office works that require excel.
The tutors made it look very easy. A big salute for them. Even a beginner like me can become a pro. As the Professor says Practice makes Permanent.
I have learnt so many new things through this course!!! I feel much more confident. Really looking forward to trying everything that I have learnt.
I enjoyed the course very much, and i have learnt a lot of new things from this course. Thanks for such a lovely opportunity. I am greatful to you.
The course was really helpful for me to understand and effectively use Microsoft Excel. The course was carried throughout in an interesting manner.
Very productive and interactive course. I feel that the instructors were with me guiding all the way through out the course. Excellent experience .
I had thought I was competent in Excel. But the course showed me that there were some gaps that I needed to fill. I am very glad I took the course.
A great starter for a person who does not know how to use excel. After the completion of the course now i have full confidence on how to use excel.
This course was so informative. The matter in video is fully understandable. The assignment part help me most for make permanent through practices.
Prashan and Nikki are excellent instructors. The final exam was extremely boring and pointless however, but the remainder of the course was superb.
I love the approach taken to teach the essentials of excel in the course. It's superb and I would advise anyone to give this specialization a shot.
Good course. Taught in an engaging way, with plenty of opportunities for practical applications with the practice quizzes and practices challenges.
This was an excellent course in teaching and also content.I learned a lot about Excel from this course and will definitely recommend this to others
Fantastic course. Went into this with only a little familiarity of Excel, now the skills I've learned have grown my confidence in using it at work.
I am very happy and thankful to coursera, thank you for giving me such a opportunity to study a course which helped me learn some skills in Excel.
Took me through the basics in a relatable and understandable way. Clear guidelines, useful practice-workbooks and relevant assesment. Recommended!
Excel course to know the basics! In fact, from the courses that I've taken here in Coursera, this one is by far one of the best and well worth it!
This was a very engaging course! I liked it a lot and I'd prefer to learn more courses from Coursera and the University that prepared this course.
This was the easiest way to learn Excel. I have taken so many courses and NONE was as simple and easy as this one. Amazing instructors. Thank you!
Amazing experience, learned some really cool stuff. Thank you especially the instructors. You guys are awesome. Also, Coursera - you are the best!
An excellent way to acquire skills. the teaching style and the practice videos and quizzes helped me to learn the fundamental skills very quickly.
Best online course ever. Very interactive methodology, excellent people with fluid and clear english pronunciation. Totally recommended. Congrats.
This course is absolutely amazing it lets you discover almost every feature of excel not only by videos but by challenging quizes and assignments.
well managed course in short time nice for understanding excel basic terms must try it thanks instructor for creating such a friendly environment.
This course is very well designed for beginners. It will get you you well equipped with all the basic functionalities of excel. Kudos to the team.
The course was definitely better than I expected. I have so much new things learned and on the other side my knowledge is now stronger than usual.
Excellent Materials, lectures, and practice tools. Considering basic, really improved my capabilities. Looking forward for the next three courses.
I enjoyed taking this course and learning excel. It was easy to follow along and keep up each week. Thank you guys for this program, it's awesome!
The course helped me get fundamental and essential working in Excel. It laid the foundation for further efficiency, and I can do better in Excel.
Excellent course! I was doing a refreshers since I do not use Excel a lot on Mac, and this was great. Thoroughly appreciate the Ninja Tips! *WoW*
Excellent course! Teachers are great, the explanation is detailed and accessible, the information is basic and super necessary. Highly recommend!
I am so happy by completing this course. The teaching method is very good and language is easy to understand .excellent work done by the mentors.
Course is very well designed . It helped me in understanding the use of excel in different business scenarios. Thanks to Mr. Prashan and Ms. Nick
this course is very helpful for someone who wants to learn excel from the scratch. it has ample examples and questions to substantiate the theory
The great course. I'm so excited to go through this. This is really joyfull to operate with data. Many thanks for course developers and teachers!
This  course seems to me amazing  , I fall in love while I'm going through the course. Course materials were so handy and easy its like fabulous.
Excellent course and course mentors. Rigorous practice assessments with regular weekly tests and challenges. Highly recommended for excel basics.
The teachers in this course are very professional and provide an interesting example for me to practice Excel skills.  It's really helpful to me.
I´ve learned so many things that I knew were possible to be made but not the "how to", some really useful tips and my favorite the "alt" keyboard
Great overview of a wide range of topics. Gave me a refresher in some things I already knew, as well as taught me a good bit of things I did not.
Amazing, Iused to thought that excel was difficult, impossible and boring, but this course proved to be the exact opposite. Everybody Say Wow :)
This is so well explained. I have always been so scared of excel sheets. But this course is extremely well designed. Thankyou Prashant and Nikki
Great course for beginners. Includes filtering ,sorting, formatting and data charts which are very useful for properly navigating through Excel.
Excellent course! All the basic tools explained and shown. Amazing explanation of each subject. Totally worth it to introduce yourself to Excel.
Very Good course, awesome explanation and great presentation. The instructors were very clear! Also, a lot of useful tips are shared on the way!
Extremely easy to understand. The presentation and the subsequent practice exercises were very helpful in understanding the essentials of Excel.
Really nice. Despite the fact that these are essentials, we do not know a lot due to the fact that most of are self taught. A great compilation!
It's a great course for the beginners. Everything is taught from the basics and in a easy way. The teaching technique ,presentation is excellent
Really good course, i learned many excel skills that i didn't learn during the Ecdl cours (Office pack), so i racommend this course to everyone.
Amazing Content. Assignments after each video is really skillful. As well as the creation of assignments is good and useful for better learning.
I thought I'd already known the Basics of Excel, but this course proved incredibly helpful and taught me a lot! I know feel much more confident.
It challenges you to not be afraid and go deep into Excel. Once you start playing with it, it becomes natural to you. On to the next the course.
Thank you so much for the amazing course! I loved how you have explained everything in a very detailed manner! Thoroughly enjoyed the course!!!
This the best course for beginners.Very well structured course with detailed topics,quizes,assignment.Looking forward to complete spealization.
Excellent course content and practice sheets. Well worth the time even if already an advanced user. Learned valuable new keyboard shortcuts too
This course is just amazing. It is so intuitive and organized. You definitely will notice the effort that they put in made that course. Thanks!
I like this course. It was very easy to understand the professor and the tasks really help me practice and understand more what I was learning.
it's a nice course. I enjoyed it. The course gives me a piece of good knowledge and big confidence for my upcoming future. Thank you very much.
The very basics of excel have been explained so well and along with the practice exercise and evaluation helps to understand and remember them.
This is the course I was looking for. very very good. i had no clue about MS Excel. now I got confidence that I can deal with it. Great Course.
This course was really helpful for a Excel-beginner like me. Now I'm much lenient with sheets & workbook. Thanks to the instructors & Coursera!
The course filled so many gaps I had in Excel. The teaching and study materials are the best. The course brought my Excel knowledge up to date.
Clear and easy to follow. Sample workbooks great for demonstrating functionality and allowing the student to quickly experiment for themselves.
Excellent Teaching. Motivates you every time to practice more and more, which is the best way to retain, what you have learned. Great teachers.
Very well organized course. Learnt a lot. Thank you Professors for an excellent course. It has improved my confidence and productivity at work.
Absolutely loved the course, learnt quite a bit about excel and am looking forward to joining the intermediate course on excel as well. Cheers!
I loved the content. And the teaching method is very engaging. It's arguably the best course on excel on the internet i have ever come across!
Very good course for learning all the basics of Excel. Practice while you learn. Covers most of what you need for basic to early advanced work
I thought I know the basic Exel functions but I learned so much more. I am very glad I started this course. I will continue onto the next one!
the way of teaching was very good and all the related things to coursera were briefly taught. coursera platform for online study is excellent.
It was a great course, I learned a lot about using Excel an its basics, i learned a few thing i dint know and i reinforced some i already knew
It was an interesting course..they have covered all the basic tools that everyone need to know while working on excel.They have guided us well
Well structured course that is easy to follow. The extra work provided helped to continue with additional practice. "Practice makes Permanent"
It is enough to say that the Coursera is a great platform for learning and enhancing the skills. It's awesome indeed. Have a go with Coursera.
Really well structured course that gives a hands on experience of working with Excel. Really useful for both beginners and intermediate users.
This course is very helpful,  I am doing excel for a long time but when I took up this course,  I can now use excel to its maximum potential..
Nice course for beginners with lots of workbooks to practice. However if you have already some practice with Excel it may be too basic for you
the course was really very good. quizzes are in the perfect order that helps us to understand exactly what is happening in the excel workbook.
Best Course to learn Excel and its basic essentials .......it really help me a lot in learning my basics .....highly recommended for beginners
Videos were short, manageable, and easy to digest and I appreciated that there were practice quizzes all along the way.  Great course setup!!!
The course is very useful though concepts are simple but has been explained and analyzed in depth, very useful course should take this course.
This class was very beneficial! I use excel daily but it was great to learn some of the tips and tricks to make my excel usage more efficient.
It was an excellent Tutorial, you definitely feel you are master in excel essentials by the end of the course. Thanks a lot for this awesome e
Amazing Course. Beautifully designed !! Will go all the way to complete the specializations ! Just loved it ! Will reccomend to all my mates !
Absolutely enjoyed this course!!  I learnt so much and I know this is going to benefit me in my role.  I feel so much more prepared with excel
This really helped to strengthen skills that I already had and introduce some new skills.  It challenges you and disciplines you.  Good course
great course I learned a lot of things ,I am not afraid of using Excel any more instead I am using it now for all things . great explanation .
This course is indeed very helpful to get acquaint with basics of excel. The course content along with the practice workbook is just perfect.
Very interesting course. Taught me lots of things, I am very grateful to teachers and instructors for such amazing explanation of everything!
loved to learn it, discussion type videos are far better than normal lecturing videos.Thank you ,Macquarie University for the great stuff!!!!
This is the most complete Excel course I've ever seen. And very well elaborated. Congrats to all the team! And thank you, I've learned a lot"
Coursera has designed its courses very diligently. It helps students truly improve their skills and increase their employ ability portfolio .
It was pleasure working with Macquarie University.  I loved the simplified teaching that was instructed step by step.  I would take it again!
This course is concise, on point and one can easily finsih this course in a day. I'll recommend this to all who want to start learning excel.
Very helpful and useful. I took another course that was moving much too slowly, this one was paced very well and they set you up for success.
The course's beauty is it starts from real basics and the pace takes you one ladder up, that is really helpful to perform day to day activity
Thank you so much! I truly needed that since the last time I used Excel was a few years ago, but now I'm nack on stage :) Thanks again a lot!
This course is organized in an easy to learn format. I have learned a lot from the course. I feel I am in charge of the Excel now. Thank you
This study has been a wonderful platform and given me a greater insight as to how to handle large data  and improve my navigations in excel.
i could get the huge konwledge from this course.i could my excel knowledge.i have good confident to work with excel in business environment.
This course was awesome...Realy I have learned so many things that will help me to increase my skill level. Thanks a lot to the entire team.
It has really been an enriching course to identify the utility of Excel features to make our daily business task very comfortable and swift.
i am really thankful to all instructor. they tech me lots of thing about excel. i really do something productive in this covid-19  outbreak.
What an awesome review of excel basics and the testing was fantastic. Thank you for not making it easy and requiring minimum grades to pass.
This is a great course. The instructors are awesome and both of them, especially Nicky explains all the topics so well. Hope to learn more!!
Very excellent course content and delivery so that even a beginner will learn most of the important features easily and in structured manner
The course was really helpful. All the videos were exactly to the point and the practise quizes really helped me to implement the learnings.
I found the course organized at its best effective form for the learners. Thank you so much to all who have worked for outlining the course.
SO informative. Very easy to follow along with tutorial videos and verbal explanations. I'm so thankful I took this. I learned a great deal!
I have learned so many things about excel from this course. I would like to complete another three courses from this portal..Thanks Coursera
This is something for which I Was looking for a long time. I would like to express my gratitude to Coursera as well as Macquarie University.
The facilitators of the course set a friendly and comfortable ambience, the course was easy paced and offered flexible timelines. Excellent!
Very good explanation . The assignments were very interesting.Loved this course . Will definitely do intermediate and advanced courses also.
Been a while since I really used Excel so this course was a great reintroduction and made me confident in my skills and eager to learn more!
It has been great! Indeed essential skills needed for Excel and business applications. Good use of time with great guidance from the course!
I'm now really confident in my basic excel skills. This course is very helpful. It is designed beautifully. It makes excel learning and fun.
It was a great experience for me. Each week was taught methodically and it helped me a lot to gain confidence in Excel. Thank you very much.
For someone who is about to step into the professional workspace, this course is ideal for learning the quinitessential details of MS Excel
It was a very good course. Easy and sublime presentation. I would like to thank Nicky and Dr. Prashan and also Thanks Macquarie University.
I've used excel for years, but the essentials course showed me a lot of gaps in my knowledge. Can't wait to start the Intermediate 1 course
This course was perfect and really went over areas I have forgot about. There are things that have changed and it is nice to get refreshed.
No words to Thank those involved with this course! Perfectly designed and well structured! I've learned so many things. In a word splendid.
I think it was a very well balanced course. I specially liked the arrangement in which each topic is completed, along with a practice quiz.
this course has developed many basics skills which everyone should have,now having it i can able to work on Excel so confidentely.Thank You
i did not know anything before this course . now i get to know every terms related to excel and basic knowledge. it is really very helpful.
This course is so well planned and organized that anyone having no knowledge in Excel can do all the essential works after completing this.
A bit challenging with the practical exercises however, course provide actual exercises needed in the work place. Practice makes permanent.
It was a great learning experience.Some minute tools made a very great difference for my day to day works.Good that I started from basics .
A stupendously well-designed course - everything is geared towards ensuring that concepts are learnt and reinforced and tested. Full marks!
Excellent course and enormously useful! Very well structured with many challenges to practice and deepen the knowledge. Recommend it 1000%!
I loved this course. You may not clear final assessment in one go but you will get it if you practice as sir said Practice makes permanent.
Very comprehensive and step by step instruction, making it manageable to achieve the knowledge needed to satisfactorily compete the course.
JUST ONE WORD , WONDERFUL.ABOVE EXPECTATION.IT SEEMS LIKE I WAS IN THE CLASS AND TEACHER WAS INFRONT OF ME.TEACHERS , THANKYOU. BOTH OF YOU
Loved it. Learned a lot of things i knew how to do but now i know the most efficient way of doing it. It has already saved me so much time.
Very well taught course, that gets at you to learn the basics you need even if they're uncommon in use. Never a part that felt unnecessary.
An excellent quick review of the essentials.  Learned some of the new features for Excel 2016 and keyboard tricks to navigate more quickly.
Hard content, some kind of dense but well presented and with hardworking and great instructions it's easy to solve and understand the tool
Thank you for your useful and comprehensible videos notes tricks. i already feel way better and more confident using an excel project now.
Many thanks to Dr. Prashan and Nikki, this course was amazing: I learned too much with a lot of practice, because practice makes permanent
this was a very effective course. your presentation and method of teaching were excellent .expecting more courses like this from you guys!
Showcases the basics for Excel very well. If you're capable with Excel already, you should be able to get all the exams done in about 2hrs
VERY INFORMATIVE AND EACH AND EVERY THING IS EXPLAIN IN STEP BY STEP MANNER NICE PRACTISE CHALLENGE AND ALL QUIZZES WAS VERY INTERSESTING.
The questions of quiz are very well structured and in the last final quiz the techniques involved in solving the questions were exemplary.
The course is made very easy to understand and apply by the course instructors, also the activities at the end of each week are quite fun.
Very nice course.I started from beginner and now I feel like a semi professional one.I would recommend everyone to go through this course.
A wonderful course outlined so interactively! I have just had the best online course experience. Thanks A Lot to the University Authority.
It was a very good use of my time, after I joined this course .It made me confident about excel and increased my efficiency to work it it.
It was really a good course even though the initial weeks were  quite slow and boring but it was totally oriented for a complete beginner.
a very important course which allows you to enhance your knowledge of basics and essentials about excel and make you faster to using excel
excel is very excellent when you know the formulas, I really enjoyed doing excel because  Iam now able to perform  a lot of business skill
It was very helpful and interesting for me because I learned a lot even though I used to manipulate excel in a daily basis at work. Thanks
It really helped me to review and improve my general knowledge of excel that I have learned during my study before. It was a great course.
The course was great! Lots of things learned and refreshed. Maybe I would include more Exercise with instructions to follow for each unit.
Highly recommended for those who want to learn the essentials of Excel. The exams were really useful and comprehensive as well. Great job!
It's very helpful, although for Mac users it can feel a little confusing. But they let you know from the beginning that this might happen.
Excellent course: teaches essential excel skills in a slow and straightforward manner. I am now confident to use these new skills at work!
Very good course. All specifically and on the case. And most importantly - nothing superfluous. A special respect for the course teachers.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. The course instructors brilliantly explained all the concepts essential to hover around excel hassle-free.
I didn't know how to work on MS Excel.I started as a beginner at this course and I learnt a lot. Thanks Coursera and Macquarie University
Thank you so much for designing such a wonderful course. It definitely enhanced my excel skills and I learned new trips & tricks as well.
Although I am using excel for quite a long time and know some intermediate to advance functions, this course helped me to improve a lot !
I was like Saun but now I think after this course I will easily do my daily work.and I will remember the quotes"Practice makes Permanent"
Excel is a very useful tool and I feel every person must learn this. And this is an excellent course to build your foundations for Excel.
It was a very informative, precise and short course. The practice sheets were really helpful in working with topics with the instructors.
This course was very informative regarding excel. The instructions and videos were very clear and the assessments were properly designed.
Very good mixture of demo (practice-videos), Explanations and Quizzes and very good moderated with introduction-discussions and wrap-ups.
This is an excellent course. Everyone should be recommended to take this course! It is mind blowing on how many shortcuts I have learned!
Very good course. The best thing about this course are the assessments. they are so thorough. Moreover, the practice videos are too good.
The course was great, everything was so easy to comprehend, and the new knowledge will be indispensable for my future studies and career!
EXCELLENT COURSE. learned all the fundamental and important things. very helpful for people who want to learn excel quickly but properly
Question 12 of the final assessment is redacted a bit confusing, also in MAC  for some reason does not work the pre-establish pie chart.
It was really fun doing this and also learning at the same time. The assignments and tests made it even better for me to gain knowledge.
Best of the Best this course, is a practical course with the essentials of Excel. Glad I got into, because i'd discovered it by accident
It is a really complete course, it helped me a lot, thank you so much to the teachers, they are so professionals in this kind of topics.
I really enjoyed my time taking this course, everything about the course is well tailored to achieve maximum learning. Highly recommend.
Great to have this course. it's amazing and finally i learn lot and enjoy. everyone who seek knowledge about excel follow this course :)
It is an amazing course to enhance excel skills. Each and every concept is explained with clarity.Thanks to Prashan sir and Nikki ma'am.
Interesting and useful course. I have become more confident with Excel and will use gained knowledge at work. Thank you for this course!
Excell skills for Business: Essentials is a very helpful program with all the clear and relevant information for students to understand.
Very straight forward and easy to understand with excellent examples and exercises. Really enjoyed the additional content and Ninja Tips
This is the best beginner's guide out there. A person who has never heard of MS Excel can become an expert after completing this course.
Wonderful Course. Had a great time learning and retouching the essentials  of Excel. Looking forward to complete other modules of Excel.
It is an excellent course.I was surprised by the quality of the videos and the tests.I recommend it to anyone that needs to learn Excel.
Nice and comprehensive course which tackles a broad range of both fundamentals and additional knowledge for the efficient use of Excel.
I loved this course, all the materials and everything is very well organized, and it is amazingly helpful! you will definitely love it.
A great course for getting started with Excel. The videos are very interactive and I was hooked throughout the course. #Everyonesayswow
This course is absolutely fantastic and wonderful!I learned from beginning to end and the didactics are very simple.I loved this course
This course is very easy and helpful to learn basic data presentation in excel .Thank you for all the tips tricks to fill our knowledge
I really loved this course and highly recommend others students to take this course and yes i will be completing all other courses too.
Although a basic course, I learned some good shortcuts and different ways of entering data and changing the design of the spreadsheets.
It was great learning. I totally enjoyed the course. Thank you to the professors and Coursera Team. Looking forward to the next course.
Course was designed in a manner to infuse learning by practice in participants. It was thorough and solidified my foundations of excel.
Best course to take up.. in case you are learning it for the first time or brushing up things.it is definitely worth, giving out a try.
Simply awesome. No one will regret after taking this course. It is well explained. One should go for it if anyone wants to learn excel.
This course is the perfect course to start your way through Excel. The teaching is top-notch and I simply enjoyed while learning Excel.
I found the course enjoyable and easy enough to work through on my own time.  I definitely learned how to be more efficient with excel.
It was very great experience to learn Excel skills for business from Macquarie University and learn many more new things. Thank You!!!!
Immensely Engaging and Enjoyable!!!Power packed with great Excel Knowledge and great fun for rookies and experienced excel folks alike.
I found the course broke it down and allowed everyone to follow along whether you are an expert or a novice at Microsoft office package
Excellent course for beginners and also refresher for experts. Will recommend everyone to go through this course. It's value for money.
This course was useful for enhancing my excel . Thank you all for giving me the opportunity to learn. With warm regardsShanmugapriya R
Its very interesting course i have learnt a lot and will recommend to my friends also. This course will help me in my further studies.
I've learned all the essentials tools anybody would need to know to be competent manipulating excel, very useful and practical course.
Great pace.  Easy to understand but challenging and I learned a lot even though I have worked with Excel daily for the past 15+ years.
A very good lesson where I can master the basic of Microsoft Excel very well with a very detailed explanations and also the exercises.
Very good ..... I now excel yet  but it improves my skills  a lot to take advantage abour my peers.....I am sure about that.... thanks
Must-do course for all management graduates. All basic concepts in Excel were explained so well in detail. Truly enriching experience.
So Stoked, Thank you Guys so much for giving me the opportunity to learn with you guys, It's been a pleasure I certainly hope for more
It was a good experience for me to enhance my learning in good manner the practice session really helped me to devolp my excel skills.
Learn a lot of new tools of excel. loved the way the course was designed. My sincere gratitude to two of my instructors. Thnaks a lot.
This course helped me to build my excel basics quite well, and i am planning to take up other courses of this series as well. THANKYOU
An Excellent course. Course Designer should be awarded for designing the course in such a way that anyone can cope up. Great Learning.
This course has been very beautifully designed keeping in mind the basic knowledge of Excel from scratch. Give it a go guys. Thank you
Excellent pacing.  Fun course.  I learned a lot even though I have been using excel for years.  I wish I had taken this course sooner.
There is a lot of information to remember but they all felt like magic every time I'm ever able to solve a problem during the quizzes.
I really ENJOYED this course. It's so detailed and easy to understand. It has helped me a lot. Off to the next level! #everybodysayWOW
A friendly introduction to Excel with step by step guidance, sufficient workbook provided and quizzes & assessment which all on-point.
I really enjoyed the course, especially the instructors were amazing  throughout the course. Now ready to handle Excel issues at work.
It was great, but I thought it would be much better if learners can have an access to every shortcuts(eg. wrap up, filter hand, etc.,)
I already knew most of these skills but it has certainly enhanced my ability to maximize the features and functions available in excel
Clear, easy, understandable and very basic. However very useful, also for experienced user, to fill in some gaps in their daily usage.
Perfectly designed course with step by step guidance. Even classroom lectures will fail in front of this course. Guys, Kindly grap it.
A really good course and overview of many of the more basic functions in Excel. A nice refresher/reminder of what you can do in Excel.
Excellent course, even if you already have basic excel skills. Instructors were excellent and the course went at about the right pace.
This was a very informative and easy to follow course.  Thoroughly enjoyed it and looking forward to starting the Intermediate course.
Good Refresher course for old time users and Great course for those just starting out. Great videos and downloads. Highly recommended.
Excellent introduction to essential Excel skills.  Highly recommend for anyone wanting to beef up their confidence in this department!
I already am an advanced user of excel, but I learned some tidbits from this. Certainly valuable for all new consultants and ibankers!
Super B course, the very best to learn the fundamentals of excel, I did it on a mac and it was easy. so try it!! You wont regret it!!
This is the best Excel course I have come across. It notes every minor detail on the Excel tab. This is a great course for beginners.
Great breakdown of using excel, for both new and experienced users. The weekly challenges built on what was learnt the previous week.
I had no knowledge of excel before this, but, I learned a lot basic level skills with this course. I intended to attend next courses.
This course is fantastic! You really learn all about the essentials of Excel. I love it!Thanks very much, Dr. Prashan and Nicky Bull.
I am very glad to complete this course on this platform.thanks a lot for everything.i have learnt a lot of things from this platform.
This is such an informative course on the Essentials. I learned so much, I'm not sure what's left but there are 3 more courses to go!
Learned New things didn't know excel has so many uses you can do anything and helped me to understand excel more than I used to know.
Extremely well-explained and easy to understand- the extra tidbits of information are great to showcase Excel's capabilities as well!
very good course, learnt about things that did not know the name but could just about to do it, now feeling more confident. Thank you
Great course for finally learning excel in more detail than I would have thought. The skills I've gained will really help in my work.
The course is built well for beginners, alot of helpful tips and practice materials to help ensure you grasp and understand the tool.
This course is perfect for who want to learn essential excel skill. This course has perfect practice material and perfectly designed.
The best course for excel.The videos were really easy to understand and helpful.The quizzes were really helpful to find my drawbacks.
A very good experience. Although i completed the 6 week course in 10 hours, but still, it was very well explained from the beginning.
The course was so helpful for me. I thank the mentors and appreciate their teaching methods.I love you all so much Prashan and Nicky!
it was great altogether, as the examples and explanations were great and not to forget the practice books boosted a lot of confidence
absolutely fabulous a specialization...am interested in learning all there is to know about this specialization ...thank you Coursera
Waoooooo. I use to think i was in upper class on excel, but after following this course i realized that i still got so much to learn.
I have never enjoyed working on Excel like this before. It was an exciting and professional course and I love it. Thank you very much
It was an exciting and helpful experience. the way of explaining ideas in the course is clear and simple so I enjoy with every video.
Excellent course!I work with Excel some years, but in this course I learned an interesting details about how to use Excel. Thank you!
This course is awesome and the Tutor is also excellent. Now I have the confidence to work on excel. Thank you so much for this guide.
Great Course!If you are new to MS Excel and are looking for a fun way to learn the its capabilities, then this is the course for you.
Excellent methodology and really  fun teachers (for teaching excel) definetly looking forward to a next course  from this University
I have learnt a lot from this course, "Best" course for learners, essential skills in Excel !! strongly recommend everyone to learn.
Very good interface between tutorial and students , more practical experience ,provides good and more knowledge to your excel skills
While doing advance we misses the basic ones, so this course can help anyone to understand excel in better way.  Thank you Coursera.
very thorough, accessible, clear, well-organised, and effective. Highly recommend. My greatest thanks to all the course instructors!
it was a great experience learning so much about excel. learnt various ways of performing the tasks. excel feels so comfortable now.
Excellent course for those who need for learning and Each and every company demands excel so better to learn in this awesome course.
I was totally satisfied when i completed the course. This course was very useful to me and i did learn lots of shortcuts . Thank you
It was a nice journey with you. I enjoyed it a lot. And I admit that this will help me in the future in my job field. Thank you all.
I really love this course and I feel confident about Excel now. I learn all the thing what I know about Excel, thanks to this course
I thought that I knew all the basics, but this course taught me so much. I could do things that I didn't even know existed in Excel.
It took me two days of hard work to get to know every basic detail of Excel, I know there are more for me to learn, just keep going.
Wonderfull experience .. flexible study pattern and competent content.. Now I'm able to handle the jOb very easily.. thaX a Lot...🙋
I enjoyed this course a lot! The instructors make it so much more bearable to learn Excel so I can finally breathe a sigh of relief!
It is a great course if you are self taught. It explains the basics and takes nothing for granted regarding your previous knowledge.
PIE CHART, GRAPH, FORMATTING, STYLING.....A WONDERFUL COURSE WITH QUALITY TEACHING....THANKS, COURSERA..LOOKING FOR THE NEXT COURSE
Very informative. I didn't know how to use excel when I joined the course, but now I am able to do everything that has been taught.
It was an excellent course. Creative yet simple explanations make this course attractive. I really enjoyed my time with the course.
Fantastic and very didactic course. It teaches you the basic and very useful components of Excel and encourages you to practice !!!
It's been an amazing experience. I especially like the engagements with practice questions and ninja tips (keyboard shortcut keys).
Very comprehensive instructions and test. Good variety of video formats. Great tact to incorporate 'Shawn' in the learning process.
So, learner friendly to learn.If u want to learn something about excel, u should at least complete first 2 courses of this project.
i have learned the basics of excel from this course efficiently and effectively. every undergraduate student should do this course.
THIS COURSE IS VERY MUCH VITAL FOR THIS NEW GENERATION. THE INSTRUCTORS WE EASE TO EXPLAIN THE TOUGHEST TERMS. THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I had to retake the quizzes multiple times because the wording was kind of confusing but overall this was a very beneficial course!
It's the good memory and experience for me to learn with coursera and I get many thing from this learning not only knowledge.Thank.
This is one of the most useful courses at Coursera! It definitely helped me to gain an essential hard skill for working. Thank you.
Excellent course! It has proved me that despite the person work with excel on a regular basis some precious essentials are missing!
It is one of the most interactive online courses I have ever accomplished. Love to refer this courses to other colleagues who are s
Teaches excel in a very clear and well structured manner. Anyone who wants to master the basics of excel should take up this course
Excellent course with all the necessary details, as detailed as from the page breaking to creating and modifying charts! Thank you!
Amazing instructors with great command over excel. This is a must do course for anyone planning to learn excel. Highly recommended.
The course has helped me to strengthen my fundamentals on the Excel software. Thanks to Macquarie University and the Coursera team.
Only if my university teachers made our coursework this fun and engaging, I would be going to places. Highly recommend this course!
EXCELLENT. Highly recommend it even to accomplished users. I learned a lot of shortcuts and tips. Well written. Appropriate length.
loved it, I thought I was proficient but doing this course I realized that a lot of basic stuff was missing in my excel proficiency
This course is very helpful as it has touched almost all the features of excel. it can be productive engagement for the beginners.
The best excel course for beginners, even me as an intermediate user of excel could pick up a few useful tips. Highly recommended.
Excellent course! Very easy to understand and hands on. Would definitely recommend to those who want to learn the basics of Excel.
An excellent introductory course for excel that everyone can learn from! I am looking forward to learn more from the next courses.
Although I already knew what most of this course all about , it helped me learn about excel expressions and precise function names
THIS COURSE IS REALLY HELPFUL FOR BEGINNERS AND I TOTALLY RECOMMEND PEOPLE TO GET THIS COURSE AND MAKES YOUR LIFE EASY WITH EXCEL.
The courses are very well organized. The two professors had made really good job. Recommended to anyone  wants to work with excel.
Very intuitive and useful course. Despite you are quite used as Excel user I recommend to go through this. It creates solid basis.
This course can give you a system learning about basic tools in excel and every detail about how to use excel in an efficient way.
excellent course!! although the title is refering to "essential" skills, i learned a lot of interesting stuff!! highly recomended!
Really this course is very fruitful to those who wish to improve the skill in using Excel. The course is designed to digest well.
It is a great session. You get to learn a lot more at the comfort of your time! I would highly recommend one to take this course.
Very helpful. It makes us study from Basic Levels of Excel Skills. If You want to learn excel, definitely you can do this Course.
Very helpful for both the beginners and known will look forward to learn more about it in Excel Skills for Business :intermediate
I really enjoyed this course and learned many things in easy way..Thank you Course instructors and Coursera for this opportunity.
What an amazing experience with this hands on excel course. Salutations to instructors for making it seem so easy and interesting
An excellent course! Very well organized and rich in content. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to gain good Excel skills.
Great course! I learned a lot of wonderful features of Excel that can help me in my studies as well as in my professional career.
I learnt much important skill for my profession.Thank you Nicky Ma'am.I feeling confident about excel and ready to excel in life.
This is one of best course about excel. I did not have basic knowledge of excel but after this course i can do anything on excel.
very helpful content and very easy to understand the practice worksheets and practice que are helped me to remind all the stuff .
A very well design course. As an eLearning developer myself, I really appreciate how this course was put together. Gold Standard!
I m Very Happy about to taking this course, I Leaner lots of things for day to day excel use now i can say i m master of Excel!!!
Very good entry level program. I'm not a beginner with excel, but learnt better ways to do things, and a bunch of new tricks too.
I find it the course very well organized, very easy to understand, and with quizzes that made me actually understand excel tools
Excellent explanation along with practice sheets. Thank you Prashan Sir and Nikky Ma'am. Honestly, practice makes permanent. :')
I really learned a lot through this course, specifically minor capabilities of Excel that makes life easier while working on it.
The amazing course provided by Coursera. I am very thankful that Coursera gives me a wonderful opportunity to learn this course.
Very detailed explanation, focus on basic. This course will teach you even if you don't want to learn, the quizzes are that good
A very informative course. especially I liked the exercises. looking forward to more quality education from Macquarie university
Covers the essential basics for beginners and self-taught individuals at intermediate level. The course is very well-structured.
I have had an amazing journey. I am now able to handle any excel related problems with more confidence in the future. Thank you.
Awesome and super Training it is a very brief and clear concepts were we can learn from scratch. Thank you Macquarie University.
I enjoy taking this course so much as the course materials are very useful and the teacher explains each session clearly. Thanks
It is the best course, i have ever attended. I experienced  many others but nothing can match the high standards of this course.
A great course for excel beginners and learners. People who are struggling to use excel in their offices must take this course.
Wow just amazing and exciting course.im very happy helpful course.im hope everyone do course very helpful.thank you sir or mam.
It's very helpful to calculate data, applying formulas and creation of types of chart to help us to extract data in short time.
A fantastic, well taught course. I have learnt so much and it will help me not only in my work but in my daily life! Thank you!
Great techniques, clever shortcuts, good guidance and fantastic support. Overall, Microsoft Excel well taught and well learned.
Very nicely presented and make clear all the doubts about the basic of excel. Thanks the instructors for providing this course.
very useful now I can work with excel thanks for everything learn to me. I will continue to learn excel and learn another level
The first thing the instructors said is "You can't break the excel so go on  and have a play" which really did the thing for me
Thank you so much,I've learned a lot from this course. Looking for expanding my knowledge in Excel by taking the intermediate I
The learning is fun. At start I was a bit skeptic to online learning but coursera made it so much more easy, thank you coursera
The course is covered with details & information that I never knew before. Every lesson was easy to follow up. It's just great.
Extremely riveting content and perquisites like ninja tips and assignments make this far better than any other learning method.
Very nicely crafted course. Great videos, great material and even better challenges and assessments. Enjoyed doing it all alot.
Well put together course to cover all the essentials. My Excel skills have improved following completing this course. Thank you
Its was an awesome experience. The lectures were very in details. Had so much practice material. Simply the course was awesome.
Its an awesome course for beginners...........................i want to thank all the team of coursera for this amazing course.
Very well-organized course that explained things very clearly and allowed me to actually use Excel to do and learn.  Excellent.
This course is great and very interesting. It really teaches us very useful things to work with Excel, so thank you very much!
Very educative, interactive and practical. I would not want it any other way. Looking forward to completing the other courses.
This course is the best course I have ever enrolled in. I have learned a lot through the 6-week journey. Thank you so much! :)
Good course..when looking only to the periphery it is simple. But when completing it I feel the real effort of a excel master.
This course is so exciting! Maybe I know some about excel, but through this course, I know the details about excel. Thank you!
I really loved the approach of teaching through an example, it was simple to understand and finally "practice makes permanent"
learnt a lot as a beginner , looking forward for next level courses , thanks a lot teachers for great explanations throughout.
It brings me to the whole new world of Excel. The final assessment was critical to make sure the certification is well-earned.
such an amazing course which helped me a lot to build my basics and let me get used to Excel Thank You so much for this course
I've Successfully complete this course believe me it is very helpful course and definitely enhance your knowledge about excel.
It was amazing! I have been able to learn some basic skills of excel. It wouldn't be possible without your help. Thanks a lot.
Very educational. I wish I had taken this course sooner. It would have been an invaluable skill at my previous job. Thank you!
I love it! Brilliant course! Many thanks for all who contributed to making this course. Everything is clear and understandable
Its a great course for a starter. Just perfect to help employees pick up Excel skills to run basic operations in the workplace
The explanation was good in the entire course. The assessments are fun. Overall a good course to learn everything about excel.
Very Informative course, it forces you to pay attention and perform better.Nice work by the people who have built this course.
Great focus to each section - taking on Excel one bite at a time. Take enough bites and pretty soon you've eaten the elephant!
This course has helped me brush up my basics of EXCEL. It's unique approach for teaching all the EXCEL features is quite good.
The course is very good. I like it, very much. It teaches you step by step. It is very graphic and you just have to practice.
Amazing course! It really helped me expand my Excel skills and make sure I know how to properly apply them in each situation.
each and every domain of course is well explained with beautiful explaination of each topics hats off to nicky and prashant !
it was clear and also the teacher was teaching slowly and steadily which helped  me to understand the topic clearly.thank you
YOU MUST OPT THIS COURSE , THEY EXPLAINED EACH AND EVERY CONCEPT REALLY WELL AND THEIR WAY OF TEACHING  IS ALSO JUST AMAZING.
Loved it! It keept me intrested, looking foward to next class and eventhough I use Excell regularly I got to learn new stuff.
It was a very good experience learning with such a great University & Faculty. Thank you, for helping me to learn new skills.
Really helpful course and everything was taught so helpfully while making the experience interactive and encouraging! Kudos !
Everything was taught from scratch and the learning was designed in a very smooth way. Thank you for such a wonderful course!
This is a well-designed course which is more likely to engage learners and positively affect the performance after the course
It was a nice experience during the pursuing of the course.teaching style is amazing.thanks coursera and Macquarie University
A clear way of teaching Excel, including the very basics of what is a row and column, and also how to do simple calculations.
one of the best excel course for beginner. exam question was little bit hard, but helps me to improve my excel skill. thank u
Superb thrilled to understand the basics of Excel and its usages. Definitely this knowledge will be implemented in real-time.
The course has been amazing, with great attention to detail. I although feel the number of weeks for the same can be reduced.
infact this course marks the basis for excel and it's very practical thank you Prashan and NIkI because i haave achieve a lot
A lot of wonderful things have evolved the skill in Excel I learned a lot of things have become more confident in using Excel
If you don't know how to operate the excel at all and want to learn the fundamentals then this is the perfect course for you.
I loved the course very much and I am willing to learn till advanced excel. Huge thanks to coursera and Macquarie University.
thank you so much for this learning it helped me alot because i am working in a realestate company and we use ecxel very much
Excellent course both for beginners and more advance. It help me to refresh my knowledge and learn some additional easy tips.
Exactly what I needed to know; modules were just the right length for squeezing into my life! Great if you are 'self' taught.
Excellent way to teach excel.Simply loved the course structure and the way of teaching. The number of exercises helped aswell
this is the course from scratch. I learned lots of things and I enjoyed it. its fun to learn. and the teachers are just wow!
Excellent, I have learned many new things. The worksheets have very good exercises. I highly recommend doing the challenges.
This course is with perfect study material and all quiz and tests are up-to the mark and really helped me to gain knowledge.
This course was really helpful, as I got to learn so many things. My basics got even stronger than before after this course.
This course helped me fill up my gaps which I didn't know I had in excel. This course is quite insightful and comprehensive.
This course was really helpful to build up a sense about Excel. It focused a lot on terminology, which will be useful later.
Nice teaching approach with good content and quality scripts with stories. Complete pack to learn Excel in an effective way.
It was a great course. I didn't expect to learn all those amazing habilities. Now, I'm excited about what next step will be.
Excellent course for beginners or for self-taught people needing guidance and a boost! I truly recommend it. #everyonesaywow
very useful i have learned many useful skills for business use. in short this course will give you the base to work in excel
I am very grateful to everybody who represents in preparing processes of this course. This is very faithful,amazing,awesome!
All the options in the excel have been explained clearly and I have learned shortcuts and good options from the above course
Very professional and putting efforts to prepared after completed my course seen. Its one of best Keep it up team BIG THANKS
Thank you for opportiunity to studying this course! You've amazing and interesting test! Thank you for your PROFESSIONALISM!
superb course for nubbies and instructors takes you from literally zero to hero level in formatting and data visualization .
Really great course, Thank you Coursera and Macquarie University and special thanks to instructor and my beloved University.
Very well set out course and easy to navigate. I was always scared of excel but now feel comfortable to navigate the basics.
Very structured and logical flow for learning Excel essentials with a good mix of practice sessions, short tests and videos.
All this course is for very basic Excel skills. But it is still helpful to review and catch up with the new features. Thanks
This is my first certificate from Coursera. Never made it this far and I am forever grateful for my instructor and Coursera.
This is a great course! With sure it have to complet your goals in give the basis skills need to work with Excel! Excellent!
This  is   a  great  course  and  I  suggest   you  to  take  it   if  you  want  to  develop   your  skills   in  excel...
Very useful course. I thought it would be everything I have known but there are a lot of tips for me. Thanks for the course
Really nice and well explained course. Highly recommended for beginners. Thank you very much for experts and Coursera team.
Excellent! too many tools very useful in any case and the professors explain very clear. Remember practice makes permanent!
A very helpful course if you wanna learn Excel from basic, it helped me a lot.Never thought learning excel will be so easy.
i can boast of being an excel certified personnel, Cheers to Macquarie University and Coursera for this golden Opportunity.
Very informative course that is easy to follow along, breaks everything down, provides ample practice. Amazing instruction.
I loved the flexibility of this course. It was very straight forward and explained everything you needed to know very well.
It was AWESOME! I could learn many steps in Excel as new by this course. Course instructors have done their part excellent.
Excellent course!  Highly recommended.  Thoroughly enjoyed videos by Nicci.  She has a very good teaching style & demeanour
outstanding course .it will help to learn the basic calculation and presentation of data files in Excel. Nice presentation.
Excellent course for learning basic excel skills. Course is well structured and quizzes and assessment exams are also good.
Really useful and easy to understand. It is a REALLY GOOD COURSE for everyone that need to fill up all the gaps with excel.
A very interesting & effective course indeed. The instructors are marvelous & contents are extremely informative & helpful.
This course definitely helped me with the fundamentals of excel and also learned many concepts which I didn't knew earlier.
Very nice course and well put together. Great job. Really helped to get my knowledge and understanding within Excel better.
Extremely helpful course. Organised in the most efficient way to catch up with Excel basics. Thank you for your great work!
This course is really helpful for a beginner. I learnt basic Excel with fun. Thanks coursera for providing such a platform.
This course has improved my data processing skills beyond my expectation. I can't wait to finish the course specialization.
I come from an artist background so that class was perfect for me.  I really like being able to work along side the videos.
I learned things I didn't know and got refreshed information on things I had forgotten. Format is great and easy to follow!
It was an awesome course..very detail, easy to understand and help me alot!! Thank you Coursera and Macquarie University !!
Suitable for beginners. It covers the basics but I assume even intermediate excel users can also benefit from this course.
Excellent course! Simple skills but that give us great gain and efficiency if you know how to use it correctly! I loved it
It was really a nice course for the beginners who as everything was explained from basics and in a very simplified manner.
Please change some questions so people with older versions of Excel could answer. Especially in (Week Six) Charts section.
Excellent course! There were just some minor glitches. For example, the videos often ended abruptly before they were over.
It is a great course and very professional teachers. I am proud of myself! I did it!! Thank you very much for your help!!!
I want to thank you all  for this great opportunity. I have learned so many things from this course. Again, Thank you all.
A solid explanation on each topic with very organized relevant quizzes. Really a great way of learning through practising.
excel is a very important tool in life for data handling or any good job, and this course teaches all the basics of excel.
The course is very good to be understood and it is likely more interesting than I thought. Thanks For such a Great course.
It was a really nice learning experience, thanks to the team for bringing such a well managed and nicely organized course.
Good course with good teachers and question are very hard that's why this course become more interesting to solve quizzes.
This course is full of knowledge and skills. I would recommend every university in the world teach this to their students.
Even though it seems to be easy, every topic is equally challenging to master, and this course gives just enough practice.
I very happy with this course. It made me more confidently while using excel at workplace. Thanks very muchhhhhFrom Ha Noi
Excellent course, I have learned lots of things and now I feel confident to face professional challenges concerning Excel.
The presenters were easy to understand and encouraging throughout. The course was well structured and enjoyable to follow.
Great Course. A perfect foundation in understanding and mastering the basics of Excel in day to day operations in business
I am very happy about the course and in general the presentation style. Thanks my dear Lecturers !!!!Engdaw AdmasuEthiopia
Tried one course and it is very good helps you recall basics of the excel even if you know them already in interesting way
The content is so basic so it takes you by hand to ensure that you master all basic features of Excel. Good for beginners!
It was a really good start. It filled so many gaps. It's very helpful for self-taught excel users. I will just say, "Wow"
I think they explain everything really well, I already knew many of this things but still I learned much more, Thank you!
It's a very well designed course by the University, terms and chapters taught in a very easy and understandable language.
Excellent methods of Teaching, Really useful  teaching method, which describes the contents in simple step by step method
It was really an excellent and mindblowing course for me. I am thankful to the faculties and instructors. They are great!
I LEARNED EXCEL SKILLS IN THIS COURSE . I WOULD SAY THAT IT WOULD BE VERY HELPFUL FOR MY GROWING CARRRER . THANKS A LOT .
Very challenging and captivating. I am so grateful that I found Coursera!  I will recommend the platform again and again!
Wonderful Course and really very interesting videos, Toolbox notes, challenges and assessments, especially the final one!
Thanks for this opportunity to learn this ,this is so easy to learn , the method of teaching is good.once again thank you
Everything was well-explained. Quite a good course, I was able to finish the 6-week course within 3 days. Total cramming!
The course was too good and it is very helpful for me to learn more new things in excel.THANK YOU COURSERA FOR THE COURSE
Just say wow. I'm Definitely wowed by What I've discovered and learnt to do with excel.So Glad i enrolled to this course.
That was a really good course. Thanks to coursera and Macquarie University for building the course content for the course
Congratulations to team for developing this wonderful course with lots of hands on practice. I simply say lots of thanks.
Absolutely great, it's an essential course but still even as an experienced user of Excel you can learn a lot. Thank you!
Very good resource. Helped with basics and introduced some new tools. Plus, I now say, "Everyone say 'wow'!" to my kids.
IT IS AN AMAZING COURSE . THIS COURSE CLEARED ME BASIC CONCEPT AND GIVE THE STRONG FOUNDATION FOR FURTHER EXCEL COURSES.
This course has boost my confidence using excel. I can perform different skills that suit my need using Microsoft Excel.
Learnt so much in Excel that I never came across before! And the teaching in the course is really good, clear and crisp.
Very good course along with the design views some additional formulas like Vlookup and other functions could have added.
Perfect course for learning excel. Was filled with multiple quizzes and challenge practices which made it  a lot of fun.
This course is very informative and gives clear insights to the basic elements in excel. I learned a lot by this course.
Tremendous Presentation. Tricky Puzzles and practices. Smart assessment system. I will definitely join all four courses.
Excellent course to begin with for learners, very useful tips & shortcuts explained in detail. Recommended for everyone.
Thankyou to all teaching and helping staff for this effort,it is very helpful,i like one thing is passing marks above 80
SIR AND MADAM WAS FABULOUS. THEY TAUGHT SO WELL. I LIKED THIS COURSE A LOT CAME TO KNOW A LOT OF NEW THINGS ABOUT EXCEL.
Its a great experience. After completing this course i am confident about using excel in a professional level. Thanks :)
It's an awesome course. I've learned a lot through this course. If anyone interested in learning Excel,  just go for it.
Easy to follow instructions in a gradual manner and challenging practice quizzes to reflect and reinforce understanding.
It was a pleasure to do this course. I could discover new features that before I did not know it was available on Excel.
I've been using Excel for 20 years and a lot has changed. This was a great way to get up to speed on all of the changes.
I love how it really challenges you to lean the material. They just don't give you the answers. it was very much needed.
This course is really amazing because there are some tips known as "ninja tips" that help you to have a better ability.
This is an amazing course. The video is so simple but very much effective. The quiz & assignment was also very helpful.
Excellent course! I learnt a lot from this course.The way they explained is amazing. Thank you so much to the teachers.
The course gives comprehensive learning and very good quizzes after each practice video. A must-do for basics of excel.
Great professors and effort put to make online learning easy and fun. I'm very glad to have been a part of this course!
Loved the way of the teaching style. Great assessment and challenges every week. Recommendable for first-time learners.
Really very good and helpful course. Very nice explanation by the faculty that made its understanding better.Thank you.
One of the best course for beginners. Teachers are way to cool. They help us learn what they say so much easily. Great.
I learned a lot while enjoying the process. It is well-paced and provides a lot of information for newbies like myself.
This is a basic course to excel training. But I explored some tricks that I would have never known without this course.
I had a fantastic experience in learning Excel here. A perfect place to start if you know nothing.  Thanks a lot, team!
Really good course. It has enhanced my basic knowledge of excel. I would surely recommend this course to my colleagues.
Wow! This is an amazing Excel course. It has a good number of practice sessions and quizzes which enrich my experience.
This course was amazingly effective. This gave me so much confident to do many things in Excel. Thanks for teaching me.
The course helped to identify areas in excel that I needed practice and a better understanding on how to use correctly.
Loving the course so far. Learning so much I thought I knew but not correctly. May go on to do the next level of Excel.
This course filled in a lot of knowledge gaps and gave me more confidence with Excel. Recommending it to new colleagues
It is been a great journey in excel sheets, it is about basics but it was so helpful tips and good lessons.  Thank you
Excellent! Many times we think we know excel, but this course show us how many concepts and functions we have no idea.
great course i have learned alot about excell . those who need to learn basics this course can be very usefull to them
Excel Skills for Business Essentials course really give me a new experience at excel field. It's Challenging and fun !
I've been studying at Coursera however the quality of this course is very impressive. No doubtls I highly recommended.
excellent course! loved the idea of having assessment test after every video.excellent material and weekly challenges!
Excellent course. I have a friend studying at your University. His name is Dhrubo Barua. Tell my name if you meet him.
This is a course that i will highly recommend.Top class professors are waiting for with great ideas.5 star is any day.
its a nice online course.I would like to say thanks to Mr. Prashan and to Mrs. Nicky for there beautiful presentation.
The content of he entire courses is really great. Also the assessments and challenges helps a person to excel in excel
Easy taught me the basics is excel, surely recommend it to anyone who has no idea about excel. worth the while course.
This course was great experience and interesting journey for me! I just enjoyed to be in it and recommend to everyone!
great course for learning excel lectures are so good to understand and quiz after every lecture was an brilliant idea!
The syllabus covered here is more than enough that anyone would ever require to enhance their skills. One of the best.
very comprehensive course where you can learn the excel basics and shortcuts charts and special functions and formulas
Great for beginners! Lots of useful "ninja" tricks. I will definitely share this to my colleagues. Thank you Coursera!
Superb lectures and very well explained.Thank you so much Coursera and Macquarie University for providing this course.
This course was really awesome because contents are proper and instructors are also also, I learned and enjoy as well.
explanations were very clear to understand. thanks so much i can now move around all workbooks freely without worries.
Excellent course. It was a great refresher, but I learnt a lot of new tips. Definitely improved my knowledge of Excel.
It is a helpful course for everybody, and also it fill some gaps in my knowledge for me despite I am using excel daily
Course really well done. Getting it you can understan the underline great work done to make this course. Thanks a lot!
Good refresher on the basics of excel.  Helpful shortcuts to make me more productive. Good foundation for next course.
Excellent course! It challenges you, gives you a lot of practice, and explains the essential Excel tools very clearly!
The faculty and the professors support you throughout. They make the concepts easy and understandable.#everyonesaywow
So far it was a great course. Go through all the practices and it'll be helpfull. They've shared various spreadsheet.
Easy to follow. The professors are very professional and their teaching is amazing. Definitely recommend this course.
Excellent Course, every step is explained in detail and easy way. Recommended to all beginners and self-taught users.
For Business, For Job, for getting a completely useful know-how of Excel, This is the Best Course you will ever find.
It was all good! I am using Mac so, of course, there were some differences but overall the course worked well for me.
The Course is productive with excellent teaching and knowledgeable. I gained knowledge with good hands-on experience.
I am so grateful for this long time opportunity to learn about this course. It has really improve my skills in Excel.
Fantastic course you've organized. Thank you Nikky and Prashan. You've been awesome from the beginning of the course.
The program is put together very well.  The instructions and visuals are detailed, and easy to follow and understand.
Excellent course for the beginners who don't have any idea about MS Excel and the course instructors where fantastic.
I am really grateful to this course director and everyone related to this course. No word to say. Loved the course :D
Great starter course, I knew most of it already but it's also great for a refresher after a few years out of the loop
Great Introductory course. I thought I knew quite a lot of Excel already but still learnt some great tips and tricks!
It was a great and joyful experience. The way of teaching and explaining the different tools of excel is very greate.
Excellent course. I learned so much! I thought I was quite proficient with Excel, but there is a lot I have to learn.
Great for continuing professional development. Also introduced some key concepts that would customarily go unnoticed.
Very in depth course. They explain every little detail that you will need to know for your future. A+ on this course!
The mode of delivery was excellent.So many practice questions with answers to build your skill.I recommend it to all.
the course is well taught, very clear instructions and opportunities to check your learning through short assignments
This is an excel, and well presented course. You're guaranteed to learn the Essential Excel Skills for Business here.
If an assessment has been passed, it would be nice to receive the correct answers to any questions that were missed.
Great course for beginners. This course gives wide knowledge about the excel basics. Topics are also well explained.
It was a fun course and very easy to understand.Boosted my confidence in excel .I didnt recieve my certificate yet ?
amazing!!!! and i finally did it....the teaching was super good, the content and the way everything was was good too
The practise after each lesson helps to retain concepts and also the way the teaching was done is awesome Thank you.
Very well conceived and presented course.  Both the instructors and clear,  concise and hold your complete attention
A very handy course which covers all the core aspects of Excel and gives the learner a from grip over all the tools.
Learning excel is very important for my professional journey. This course helped me to learn new things about excel.
It was a very interesting experience. The lectures were easy to go through and understand. I enjoyed every bit of it
very nice course, very good way of teaching, felt excel was difficult they made it easy for me, recommend it totally
Excellent experience of course 👍.And parfect level of practicing quizzes.not so simple and not to much complicated.
I loved course very much. Mostly, I liked the way it was arranged so beautifully. The challenges were very exciting.
A very well organized and put together course. Easy to follow and to understand I really enjoyed taking it! Thanks!!
Very good review of Excel basics. I learned a few new things that will certainly help prepare me for the next level.
Very useful and informative. I thank Coursera and Macquarie University for providing me with this great opportunity.
The course was really well planned. I simply enjoyed my learning.   The way the instructors have taught is just wow!
great course, the explanation was very good and on point, also, the course content was divided into digestible parts
This course was absolutely awesome with very important basic concepts and the course structure is very well designed
The teachers did a very good job of explaining all the aspects of Excel. This is an excellent course for beginners .
It was a very fruitful course session. Although I knew the basics, still the course helped me learn many new things.
Excellent content materials for beginners and practice does make perfect. Glad to have taken this course. Thank You.
Exceptionally well, precise and well-designed course for beginners. Amazing instructors and material, really helpful
Very well paced course, with tons of helping practice material. Really helped in learning something new about Excel.
Great Course, very helpful, fantastic to recap all the essentials in Excel. Ready to move to the intermediate course
This course was really useful for me, because I could learn basic features Excel provides that I didn't know before.
I am self-taught and thought I would not learn anything new. I found this not to be the case. It was a great course.
Course is very useful and enhanced how to complete the task with easy manner [short cut keys] in a professional ways
Highly recommended for beginner and  who already work on it.one of the best course for learning Excel from coursera.
This course is very well thought out and planned and has given me confidence in using and playing around with Excel!
One of the better courses I have taken in regards to explanations , problems provided, and video content! Great job.
Best course so far for beginners to learn excel. Also, it is really flexible for students in terms of the deadline.
This was really educative and enlightening, I learnt a lot. The program was tailored to make learning enjoyable👍👍
really a very easy fast way to learn excel ..... btw I finished the 1st course of the specialization in just 1 week
It was a fascinating and enriching experience! I can proudly say working with Excel doesn't make me nervous anymore
Please, can I rate this for 10 stars? You guys are great! I love Prashan and Nicky. You guys are doing a great job.
This course has taught every basic skill one must know to operate Excel efficiently through a friendly environment.
thank you so much i learned a lot i can now use my skills in the office job, i am now more confident in using excel
This course is your best choice for learing excel you will become confident in excel after completing this program.
Really, I have enjoyed the entire session and the Quizes. Very well explained and discussed. I recommend to others.
The Best Online Platform for Advance Education and the best place for a Highly Recognised and Certified Institution
I learnt a lot of new things and the instructors were wonderful. Can't wait to enroll for the intermediate course.
I loved this course. The instructors covered all the essentials of Excel in a very understandable way. Loved it!!!
Great course that is essential for developing foundation for advance courses. One stop course for mild excel user.
Very helpful to become more familiar with excel software and the way of teaching is rellay good and understandable
The course taught all major concepts from basic. The videos were extremely helpful. It was a wonderful experience.
excellent course, they are very focused to each and every signle detail and great learning with this one thank you
Learned everything I had hoped to learn from this introductory course.  Looking forward to the next in the series.
It was indeed a great experience learning under the guidance of such talented experts. It is learning made simple!
The Course was well arranged. Definitely recommended for one who wants to learn excel from very basic to advanced.
Really a great course to learn all the Excel knowledge. Thanks to Macquarie University offered this online course.
The course was really excellent. It focused on almost all of the basic tools required for starting off with excel.
it really helped me to improve my skills to next level. and the course is very well designed to train the learners
It's great might help me a lot in future. I'm glad that I got the opportunity to go through this course thank you.
Amazing course to all people, Not just for ones who want to work in Business. I recommend this course and give 5/5
I taught I knew Excel lol This course has really polished up my skills! I am excited to go on to the next courses.
Very easy to follow and I like having the short video then the quiz. Makes it easy to study / practice right away.
It gave me valuable shortcuts in a simple, clear format. I would recommend this to everyone, especially beginners.
Great Course! I learned a lot of tips, keyboard shortcuts, and use some of excel's options much more effectively.
one question i done is corrent. but Coursera is showing as wrong.  so i  missed 4 marks otherwise i will get 100%
I learned a lot of new things from this course and i do know that these knowledge will help me in the long run...
thanks a world to the organizers of this golden opportunity that they give to us now i can easily work on excel!!
This course helped me a lot to gain a better understanding of excel, loved the way it was being taught, Good work
I totally loved this course. It explain very comprehensively. I would love to learn more advanced skills in Excel
Excellent Course. I really loved this course, I have too many new skills to improve my career. Thank you so Much.
This is a tremendous course for everyone. I strongly recommend this course for any level or any types of learner.
Very interesting. Even thought I've been using excel from 6 years till now, I learned a lot of functional stuffs!
The instructors were great. The shed light on simplest on things. I will definitely try to complete the next one.
REALLY AN AWESOME COURSE . EACH DETAIL OF THE EXCEL ESPECIALLY THE NORMAL SILLY MISTAKES HAVE BEEN TAKEN CARE OF.
excellent and useful course with many benefits, and now after i finished it i can make my own worksheet easily :)
The course is well taught. There is also a lot of practice. However, the course does not have any mentor support.
This course is very essential for business operations. The course content is up to dated and very well organized.
very friendly illustration from prashanth sir and  nikki qand best motivation and enthusiams was able to carry on
It is an excellent course the explanations from the instructores were great as well the materials and assigments.
Very helpful even for an old Excel hand! I picked up a few things I missed by learning on  the fly. Great course!
Really interesting course, easy explained,  gained way more knowledge about EXCEL and boosted my self-confidence.
One of the excellent online courses i have ever done...with flexible type of timing the training can be completed
I overestimated my Excel skills and this course filled in all my knowledge gaps. Thank you for this great course!
It is an excellent, useful and fun course. I am so thankful with the professors. Thank you for all in this road.
This is the best course for Excel. Hands on practice and assessment, questions all were geared towards learning.
The constant quizzes after each lesson was helpful to stay engaged and to be able to interact with the material.
This is an awesome course to help upskill you analytical skiil and improve your carrerThanks to Prashan and Lucy
One of the best course! All the things were arranged in such a way that to made the concepts easy to understand!
Really great! Very supportive, lots of information and TONS of opportunities to practice. Surprisingly easy too.
Sir, You teach a super easy for understandable thats why i got 90+ % in this course,Thank You So MuchWaqas Ahmad
This course is very helpful and handy specially for the beginners . I am very glad to be a part of this course .
I love this course. I know nothing before I take this class, but now I have confidence to say that I know EXCEL!
This really very helpful, thanks for the course. I have gain a lot experience from here. really exciting course.
omg one of the most helpful courses i have ever take, the way of teaching us the info and examine us is genius .
The videos are very engaging and professionally-edited. All lessons and exercises are relevant and value-adding.
This was my first online course. I love it. I like the hacks that were thought in this course. I am super happy.
Very good course, especially for those who are unfamiliar with little tricks that make your life so much easier.
I found the course to be very comprehensive, with easy to follow lectures and very useful tests and assignments.
It was great opportunity for me to learn from the experts. Thank you coursera and thank you Macquarie university
Really good course to catch up on Excel. Super compressed covering everything for a beginner. Great instructors!
It's a great course with the best professors! I'm so glad that I've enrolled in this course. Highly recommended.
I have fallen in love with Coursera already! This class really helped me pick up the skills of Excel! Thank you!
Very clear direction and exercises. Feel like I have a solid foundation for the material covered in this course.
Addictive course design! I cannot thank you enough for great efforts you put in to design such an useful course.
Excellent course, even if you know Excel because you can remember concepts and discover new tools and shortcuts.
More useful course in the business sector.i like the way of models, assessment ,is easier for learning purpose.
What a great learning experience and Privilege kudos to my instructor and Nicky Course assistance. Am grateful.
Great instructors, great explanations, it was easy to understand and put in practice. Thank you for everything!
This is a very challenging course. I had fun and learned a lot from this course. I hope to use these learnings.
Brilliantly structured course for beginners. Looking forward to completing other courses in the specialization.
Never thought learning MS Excel could be so interesting and fun! Thanks to the instructors who are so fabulous!
I have fallen in love with excel because of this course, thanks a lot Prashan Sir and Nikki mam. Love you both.
This is an essential course in very field. And this platform is a great medium to learn and earn a certificate.
Excellent work by the professors. Each and every aspect was covered and it was entertaining the way they taught
Great course enjoys a lot during the course by learning new things and remembering the old once which I forgot.
Really enhances your basic understanding of spreadsheets and builds a strong foundation for advanced excel use!
The course is full of amazing contents like shortcuts, description etc. The Assessment/ Quiz are really worthy.
Very important and valuable course. Very interesting. Learned so many things that cannot be explained in words.
Just loved my instructors, Dr. Prashan and Dr. Nicky. They organised the course very well and learner-friendly.
Pretty cool, I highly recommend this course. It is an excellent choice if you want to get into the Excel world.
Really this good course and education materials are good explained all tips easily so student can understand it
Great course for beginners. Teaches you all the essentials and some great tips and tricks to be more efficient!
The course is well designed and pretty insightful. The instructors are amazing explaining each thing in detail.
Very useful course to patch up the gaps in excel skills. Laid a solid foundation for the more advanced courses.
I thoroughly enjoyed during the course. It kept me engaged throughout the course. The course is well-structured
i started excel from scratch. i was very insecure. now i m confident and sure i can prove i know how to use it.
This is a wonderful course. Every subject is very well explained, and the tests are fun and challenging. 11/10
I am very happy to learn excel from coursera. I would like to say thank you all the team members of this team.
The instructors have explained the concepts in very good manner. I would recommend others to take this course.
Very helpful and even someone joins it with half interest he/she going to enjoy this enjoy this course anyway.
good teaching and explation of the each vedio is really awesome...i love this course and assement also so good
Excellent, Thank you very much for this incredible course. I will continue learning with next courses. Cheers.
This course has not only helped me in learning excel but also motivated to master all the techniques of excel.
Amazing mentors with perfectly structured course to make anyone be swift with Excel within days.Just Amazing!!
Amazing Experience and great learning.The lectures and assesments  were  organized  very well..#EveryoneSayWow
EXCELLENT COURSE for beginners to learn about essential of business. Best part was assignments and Ninja Tips.
this is really helpful for beginners ,i have learnt a lot from this training.thanks for this valuable training
in this course i have learnt a lot and the way they encourages us makes us achieve our target and good lecture
I learned lots of basic knowledge of Excel. I am really interested to see what will happen in the next course.
thank you for this course a really learned new things and its was not so hard just need time and to be patient
This is one of the best course I have ever enrolled in. Content is very well managed and very intresting also.
I have learned alot about excel from this course i look forward for some another excel course to learn further
This course was tremendously helpful and set together in a way that even a newbie could easily follow through!
Thank you so much. This course helps me to learn to excel very simply. I am very happy and thanks to Coursera.
Great course even for existing excel users to brush up on the gaps in their basic. A great set of instructors!
Best course I have ever taken!!! I can't say enough about how it's set up to learn! It's amazing! I love it!!!
Excellent Course, Now I feel confident about excel and is fully ready to provide my services related to excel.
I loved the course. It was great! I learnt a lot and now I feel more confident using Excel. Thank you so much!
The course is great! Course instructors provide comprehensive information about Excel tools and how to use it.
Excellent training. I learned a lot and hope will be useful for job search.thanks all, specially instructors.
I have completed this Excell course very confidently because all the instructions are give us in a better way
Great learning experience with integrated lectures and assignments. Thank you professors for the opportunity.
this is really good. i get to know the tricks and important thing which are majorly used and it helps me alot
As the course name says, "Essentials" all the primary tools have been taught. The exercises were really good.
its was excellent course i have learnt lot from this course.it would have help lot to my carrier thanks a lot
Wonderful course! Really fun and motivating. Handy and easy to follow. Nice teachers too. I've learned a lot!
A useful course for the people who are even new to excel. Don't forget to try all the assignments by your own
great crouse, Learned so much from this course. Easy to get data sorted and also good for the personal chart.
great course. I know basic excel now and i already feel a lot confident. Started with Intermediate-I already.
Very educative way of learning. essential and applicable course indeed. Thanks to nicky, prashant and yvonne.
This is a basic course on Excel. Anyone who hasn't primary knowledge can easily learn Excel from this course.
Great course for someone who never had a lesson on excel before. Very straightforward and easy to understand.
"Excel Skills for Business Essentials" is a well organized and helpful course to become an expert excel user.
This is a must course for all sectors! Excellent teaching, And the final assessment...It was fabulous! Thanks
Very well delivered in a clear easy to understand manner with lots of exercises and pratice as well as tests.
This course is much useful . I have learnt technique and help to sharpen my excel skill . Thank  you so much.
it really changes my perception of online teaching and learning. great tutors and excellent means of teaching
This course provides a perfect experience for learning Excel and mastering it to its core.Thank you COURSERA!
Practice workbooks made the learning very hands on and the videos were comprehensive in explaining each topic
The course was very well structured and easy to follow. It was very engaging and a great learning experience.
It as detailed discussions which helps you to keep on track and assures effective learning for the learners.
Fantastic Course for the learner. Also, We can learn lot of things that could help us in regular excel work.
I really enjoy how the university exposed the tematic and the most important topics of this essential course
This is the best excel course. I am so happy to take this course.everything is taught right from the scratch
Excellent course to introduce the functionalities of Excel, even for people who already managed the program.
The Course is really Nice and focuses on tiny to large key aspects of excel from every perspective possible.
Excellent ¡¡¡ Very good course, the videos and the hosts so nice,,, I really enjoy it¡¡¡ thank you very much
Excellent for the basics of Excel. Very clear instructions and great evaluations to check for understanding!
Very Awasom Course, all the knowledge data in this Course is very best to boost your Career. Open your Mind.
The course is very well structured and it is very useful for professionals to work with data sheets in Excel
I find it good when taking this course. All of the practical videos and tutorials are very helpful and easy.
It was fun and interesting learning this course. It will be a great help in my working career. Thanks a lot.
Every essential gap I have about using Excel has been filled by this course! Major thanks to the University!
Great Course....Educators explained the content very nicely...Looking forward for the next course as well...
Great entry level course! Amazing presentation of information and skills that are basic but extremely useful
i'm so happy for achieved the course, i can practice my listening in english and get new knowledge, THANKS!!
Beyond expectations! Never have I taken an online course that was so thoughtful. Everything was first class.
i have no words for this course this is one of the best Course in my entire life and very very best teachers
this is the best course and design in the best way so that anyone can best get it easily and improve skills.
Well organised, Good content. Thanks for providing me such an great opportunity to learn and gain knowledge.
Well put together. This is a fairly basic course but I still took tools, tips, and tricks away that I didn't
You learn A LOT.  The instruction is clear and concise so there isn't a huge time commitment.  Great course.
The teaching style is excellent. Very Useful for data analysis and presentations in all levels. Thank you!!
very well thought out and structured. Instructors have designed the course to be very easy and interesting.
Great overview - timely skills - excellent quizzes. Helped my understanding of what this software could do.
The course is very informative and by far the best course on excel techniques. Highly recommend the course.
Best course for business learners. We learned how excel simplify our life.Its Good decision to learn Excel.
A superlative introduction to Excel and its capabilities. And for a seasoned user, an insightful refresher.
I love COURSERA. This course has really taught me a lot of useful things. Looking forward to learning more.
A very complete course, I went from knowing almost nothing, to be sure on the basics of Excel, recommended!
I finished first course which has 6 weeks and i've passed the test but did not receive the certificate yet.
Awesome step by step explanation by the teachers.Well structured Quiz that makes us practice and work hard.
Excellent course. It was so efficient and well organised that made the course look so easy and interesting.
Very necessary course as it gives immense knowledge on how to work on Excel application in day to day life.
An excellent tool for sharpening excel skills, very lucid and interactive. I thoroughly enjoyed the program
The Tutors are the best, their way of explanation is top notch and they made sure the course was not boring
Everything is sorted and you will find out new ways to learn through this course..Great faculty...Kudos....
For a basic course, totally okay. SHould do pre-assessment to know whether you are a basic or intermediate.
It is an excellent course, very well planned and detailed. Thank you for arranging such a wonderful course.
This course is amazing even you have some experience with Excel. The toolboxes are really useful and clear.
I really enjoyed this course and I have learned a lot from it I will take the intermediate and the advanced
it,s great for the first course at excelyou can learn a lot of basics that make you very good user on Excel
I really enjoyed the course. Congratulations to the instructors for organizing and delivering the materials
Really clears all your fundamentals about how to use Excel and its tools..!! Thoroughly enjoyed the course.
awesome just awesome.the tutorials are easy to understand. with more practice and discipline, you're there.
Practical, easy to follow and though its a basic course, it offers some new insights for experienced users.
This was challenging for me but would not change anything for the world.  Looking forward to my next class.
It is an amazing course. It took me a while to complete it but it was worth it. I learnt it and enjoyed it.
Great class for a beginners or a refresher.  I definitely feel like I'm ready to move on to the next level.
Best online learning course which is effective and simple to learn. Wish to be join more courses with you.
It's a very good app for online courses . And  a university were I was gain my excel course is excellent .
This course help's me to increase my confidence in Excell and get the business essentials skills.Thanks!!!
This was such an awesome course! I have learned so much in making my reports look professional. Thank you!
This course was really awesome, Instructors were really good. Can't wait to learn more from second course.
Excellent course. I have learnt a lot of things & interested to learn more. Thanks for such a good course.
It was really great experienced to get learn from world class universities.... the course is really useful
I'm delighted with that course. It helped me in many ways to improve my Excel abilities. Thank you so much
Excellent way to teach a topic, quizzes and assignment are really helpful to understand and develop skill.
An essential course that give me opportunity to enlarge my knowledge on Excel. Have learnt so many things.
as expected, the course is highly desirable foe every individual to learn day to day office/personal work.
It has been a great course with which I have been able to learn and improve my skills in the use of Excel.
An incredible course, the instructors were really good with the explanation of the concepts in the course.
the videos were very useful and we can save them and watch them whenever we want.Nice learning experience.
Excellent for learn excel skills who don't know perfection in formulas, formatting, alignments and charts.
A Great couse for beginners wishing to learn the basics of excel. Great for starting your journey in excel
I've been using excel for ten years and I wish I would have taken this class ten years ago. Super helpful.
Easy To comprehend, love the pace of the course, everything is covered in detail. Glad i took this course!
This course helped me in learning the essentials of excel in an organized and easy way. THANK YOU SOO MUCH
Very good course for beginners. Maybe it should have a bit more features and technical shortcuts for help.
Excellent course. The instructors are engaging and the examples, as well as exercises, are very well made.
Brilliant course and very useful. I am looking forward to enroll and complete the next levels very soon...
This was very excellent! I've learnt many things I did not know even though I use excel every day at work.
appreciate for this and assisted me various way to correct my mistakes and gaining my knowledge on excel..
Great!  I had previous experience in Excel but so many tips and tricks that I will be using going forward!
Very in depth on the key features of Excel. The workbooks hep train you as you work along with the videos.
Even if you have basic knowledge this course can help fill gaps and add some useful tools for your skills.
I highly recommend. This is a great course for the beginner or intermediate user to help fill in the gaps.
Such an informative course. I learned a lot from this course, which I can use in my workplace. Thank you.
The course contains very helpful information. There is a lot to learn. Recommended for learners of excel.
Well paced and organized course.  I came away with a better understanding of Excel and its new functions.
Very easy to follow along with and great info provided. I am thrilled that I decided to take this course!
As an engineer candidate, I can say that I have learned many Excel features that I can use in the future.
Excellent program, the flow from topic introduction to lecture and testing was smooth and easy to follow.
Great course! They make it really easy to start learning how to use excel whether you use Windows or Mac.
There's always something to learn in Excel no matter how good you think you are and this course proves it
A very good course to introduce your to hands on and learn Microsoft Exel. It is very simple to catch up.
very interactive sessions. Also the instructors use very good tone so that we don't get bored. keep going
Fantastic learning schedule to learn excel and video explanation was great to understand. Thanks COURSERA
i really enjoy learn Ms. Excel here, so easy and help me so much.the instructor is very good, i enjoy it.
Thank you, I could learn a lot with this course. I am sure this learning will be much helpful in my area.
It was a very productive course. Everything was perfect for beginners. Great pace learned a lot of stuffs
The course is designed very beautifully specially the practice challenges and course assesment were good.
Very helpful course! I enjoyed a lot and learned many things. Thanks to the course teachers and Coursera!
It is really awesome we can have a good knowledge about tools and can improve our skill to a great extend
Very useful course even If you are experienced MS Excel user as it reminds you with much good basic stuff
thanks to coursera for the fantastic opportunity for me , the excel was the good experience and learning.
Really good, I thought I knew all the essential basic stuff but  got a surprise, now I know more tricks!!
I really enjoyed this course.  It was thorough and challenging.  I'm moving on to intermediate, for sure.
This is an excellent course. I really learn a lot and I am now confident to apply for any data entry job.
Excellent course. It teaches you all the essential tools from microsoft excel in a very easy and fun way!
Excellent content and guideline! An extremely useful and student-friendly course for all Excel beginners!
the lessons are excellently made. easy to understand even for those who have no prior knowledge to excel
I was not confident enough about Excel before doing this course but now it helped me in filling my gaps.
A very helpful course for beginners in excel. All exercises were fun and surely the students will learn.
The course starts at the beginner level. It covers all the basics with clear lessons and video lectures.
it was an amazing course, it really helped me improve my excel skills and get my work done in less time.
This course taught me well how to go around excel. Now I'm confident in my work to do tasks using excel.
I learn very useful information about Excel. Treating videos are very useful and clearly understandable.
This course clears all the basic doubts and covers explains almost all the basic tools that is required.
I liked the course a lot. The instructions were to the point and our moderators were easy to learn from.
Excellent course. The unique style of teaching and learning motivated me to learn at a much faster pace.
This was a nice challenge!  Looking forward to taking the additional Excel courses when I have the time.
Excellent course. I gained a lot of confidence working with Microsoft Excel. I am excited to learn more.
A must course for every individual irrespective of any business line or stream. Truly amazing. Loved it!
It is definitely an amazing course to do. I recommend it to everyone who is enthusiastic to learn excel.
It was a wonderful experience of learning several practical concepts that are very helpful in real life.
The instructor was very clear and the examples were really helpful. They both helped me build my skills.
Very simple introduction to Excel. If you have no experience on the app then this is the course for you.
Awesome, it helped me a lot to understand Excel for my business daily activities Thanks to coursera team
Right detail and start to get things going. Nice tips and tricks, right amount of information per video.
I loved the way the course is structured. One can easily understand and work on the sheet along with it.
Very nice offering to the working folks. Prashan and Nicky explained the stuffed very nicely. Thank you.
Helped through every step of the way, super clear and really east to follow. A must-have intro to Excel!
amazing! Loved this course, and its steady progression. I am feeling much more confident with Excel now!
I was very happy, Instructors were very experts, the method of explanation was very flexible and  useful
One of the best courses of my life, thank you guide and hope i join you soon in next part of the course
It is a wonderful course of Excel for Business Essentials! I will recommend this course to my friends:)
One of the best courses for Excel beginners and for those who needs to polish their basic excel skills.
Good explanation with good example to understand, and great for beginner, immediate, and advance level.
Nikky is great , the way she teaches is awesome.You can try to have a better understanding over excell.
Extremely helpful course with descriptive tutorials for a beginner to grasp the foundations of MS Excel
awesome experience with nicky mam and respectful sir from MACQUARIE UNIVERSITY.thanks very much sir/mam
Excellent introduction to Excel. Very well-explained. Useful exercises. Thoroughly enjoyed this course!
Very informative course. Learnt lots of new things about excel. Recommended for new excel users as well
This is very important course for the beginners who wants to learn excel....hope everyone will enjoy it
Fantastic course which helped me to learn Excel very well. Everything about Excel is clearly explained.
No doubts! It was the most planned and most organized course I have ever done in my entire life. Kudos!
It was an amazing experience for me . This essential program gave me an extreme boost to my confidence.
Best Learning experience till nowBest coordinated learning till now.Thankyou Prasanth sir and Nicky mam
Really helpful course!!! nice videos and very helpful assessments. Thank you to Macquarie university !!
A very nice course about MS Excel. This course will boost your confidence and will improve your skills.
Loved the course. Detailed explanation from Niki and Prashant with amazing and challenging assessments.
Even though I have been using Excel for 5 years I have learned many new things and feel more confident!
Well structured and good content even for the most seasoned users. Great place to start complete series
Learned a bunch of new stuff that I can use to help make me more effective in current position at work.
Course are readable and understandable, teacher are nice and patient, that's a excellent course I took.
The best Excel course online! Starts from the very basics and helps you learn Excel in a very easy way!
Very nicely presented with a story line. Lot of practice does make it permanent. Very useful exercises.
Easy to follow instructions. Detailed information addressed in small, bite-size nuggets of information.
Simple to understand but you need to take initiative and actually pause the videos to do the tutorials.
It does what it says. A very basic introduction to excel for those who have not had a chance to use it.
I didn't know anything about Excel. Thanks to this course I am learning the basic and more. Recommend.
Really enjoyed this class and the assignments were very helpful in putting the concepts into practice.
It's 1/4  course is very useful for beginner to start learning excel. It is very beneficial for those.
The explanation was very good I would highly recommend for those who wants to know essentials of excel
I have learnt so much through this course. The model of learning is very unique and easily understood.
This Course was best just because the way the made learning so easy. The teachers are just amazing !!!
i was easily able to learn these excel skills at home. I am now confident and ready to work with excel
Excel Skills in Business: Essentials course was awesome!I could learn some new methods by this course.
thanks for teaching and its a amazing course and i learn shoot cuts and i work on my calculation speed
This course has enabled me to save ALOT of time in my day-to-day tasks at work! I highly recommend it!
This course has enabled me to up my excel game before I use to be scared of excel now I enjoy using it
Exceptionally Well taught Course. Just amazing. Explanation by Niki Mam is quite simple to understand.
Excellent, I learnt too much, just the "essentials" make a big difference in my knowledge about Excel.
Thank you so much. I learned a lot and it was fun and easy to achieve the goals. Keep up the good work
very very interesting in learning the course.. very attracting the way the instructing is... thanks...
Wonderful. see you in intermediate I! I still need to go back practice, as practice makes PERMANENT!!!
It was a really great experience and a really great platform to study and learn these essential skills
If you think you are skilled in excel - it's probably not. Definitely worth time spent on this course.
This was a very comprehensive course that is essential for anyone working with Excel on a daily basis.
For the one who wants to learn the excel from scratch, this is the course for you. Loved it. COMPLETE.
(Excel)lent way to learn Excel. !00% recommend this course to anyone who wishes to learn this program.
Learning about absolute cell references has filled in a large gap that I had in data entry! Thank you!
It was a great course with lots of useful information that helped me to understand the basics of Excel
I loved this class..  Learned so much in just 6 weeks..  I will be doing the course 2 in a few weeks..
Excellent course for building a strong Excel foundation, even for learners with some Excel experience.
Informative, organized, and laid out in a very simple and efficient manner with personable presenters.
This is very helpful excel learning course for beginners as well those who are working on excel sheet
I cannot unlock my assignments. I need to complete this course and I can't because  it is not opening
Great videos, excellent practice worksheets and useful information to start mastering Microsoft Excel
Best well structured course and anyone can easily learn from this. thankyou instructors and coursera!
It was really informative to learn excel skills. I learnt many new things in the journey of learning.
It was great learning experience given by both the instructors. Now going for the Intermediate level.
Very clear and easy to follow through. First attempt on my final course and got 100%. Well done me !!
This course is really wonderful. I have learned a lot of things and ideas from the course. Thank you.
I have learned so many things from here and it will be very useful for my career too. Thanks Coursera
Amazing explanation! Loved the course and had fun solving practice challenges! kudos to the creators!
It is a must learing course if you really want to brush up your basics and to start working at excel.
simply amazing course it just made sure that I'll be using everything practically what I have leanred
Best content for everyone who want to enchance your excel skill for work, educating and other things.
Really great instructions and awesome instructor. Looking forward to finish the whole specialization.
I loved every minute of the course. Very engaging and totally hands-on. Thank you Parshan and Nicky!!
This course is easy to understand and very interactive. Quiz and exercise were good experience to me.
Basic but worh, I raised my productivity so much with this course and especially with the ninja tips.
Really more than those taught at schools. Learnt a plenty of things to increase productivity as well
It was a good course which reminded all the basic tools which will be very useful for me in my work.
Great to start using Excel or  to improve your knowledge if you are  frequnet user of this software.
very good opportunity to refresh your knowledge skills in Excel and learn some useful hints!keep up!
Really enjoyed the course and I feel I properly grasped all the essentials I have to know in Excel !
I'm really impressed by the instructors. They have the right skills to make things simpler and easy.
An excellent course that teaches you how to use excel to organise and present the data, the best way
Powerful instructors, great presentation, detail explanation, challenging quiz, 5 out of 5, perfect!
This was an excellent course and was very easy to understand. The course instructors were excellent.
It was a great learning.The way the concepts are explained are very easy to understand and practise.
Very Basic Course...Easy to Grasp and learn...The instructors are amazing and use simple language...
I love the storyline and the visuals! This course helped me understand how to use Excel efficiently.
This course has given immense knowledge as a beginner in Excel. Wonderful course, great instructors!
It is totally amazing. I loved the videos and the practical exercises now I feel I really learned it
Great course for a beginner. Presentations and the organization of modules were interesting. Thanks.
Excellent presentations with understandable language. Thanks for improving my basic skills of excel.
It is very good course. I really improved my performance by learning very little but import details.
Best course I've done till yet on coursera, instructors are great who give pure practical knowledge.
It is always a great experience to learn on Coursera where world class faculty is there to teach us.
I really enjoyed this course. It was well presented and very easy to follow. I Greatly recommend it.
Amazing experience of doing online segment by COURSERA. Thanks Team of MacQuarie University, Sydney.
This Excel course was very good I have learnt more of Excel skills, it will more useful to my career
The Course really helped with polishing previously known techniques and helped in learning new ones.
I found this course very useful though we are used to excel I learner many new methods and shortcuts
Very well designed course. This course made me confident in using various tools in excel. Thankyou!!
Very easy to follow yet challenging course. Something new to be learned for all. Great foundation bu
Well-Designed, Good Practice Exercises and Excellent course to understand the fundamentals of Excel.
Top quality. Thank you  for the well designed syllabus and the thorough preparation 

Learned a lot.
I thought I know everything it seems like I only knew 20%, Anyway, now I sure am on the right track!
I have learned a lot. this courses is very important if you want to excel in your professional work.
Very interresting information. The way of teaching is very clear, nice and easy.Thank you very much.
The course was exactly what I needed. The concepts taught where applicable to my role has a manager.
Great introductory course, I like the presentation of materials and the small quiz after each video.
The explanations on the videos are very clear and the topics boarded are so useful in the workplace.
I've been using excel for over 10 years and still learned many new tricks and tips from this course.
Excellent class! Even though I have used Excel for quite some time, I still learned many new skills.
It was exceptional had the opportunity to
embrace this challenge and get more comfortable with Excel
Really helpful in terms of basic understanding and functioning of the excel spreadsheet. Thank you!
Excelent approach to excel basics. It's clear, well explained and meaninful exercies and practices.
Thank you guys! I've learned a lot! Hope to continue learning Excel! Thanks again for your efforts!
Really its very good Flat From to increase our knowledge and learn from out side Country University
Excellent course with a lot of great exercises that will foster learning/enhance your excel skills.
It guides you perfectly. All are perfect. Thank you for Coursera team and Macquarie University team
Thank you so much for creating this course. I have learned so much and improved my skills in Excel.
Very good instructors. Brilliantly put every topic. Awesome visual styles. Loved the course. Kudos.
It's a great course. Got to learn a lot and its really fun to work on excel after knowing all these
Each course was very clear, easy to understand, and my confidence is growing in my excel abilities.
The course was well planned and explained in simple language which made it very easy to understand.
Very useful, simple and understandable. A lot of little tricks that make everyday work life easier.
Excellent course. I really learned a lot and this will surely help me in my work and future career.
It was a wonderful experience. Learned new things which will be very useful in my future endeavour.
I love this course. It is sample, easy and effective. It is very useful for my current job. Thanks.
Excellent course even for those familiar with Excel.  Showed me new features I didn't know existed.
I learn so many new things from this course, this course really help me to work on my excel skills.
This the best educational page I have ever visit. Thank you so much for this remarkable initiative.
Course 1 was a great overview of Excel. Really good for those looking for a simple review of Excel.
A really comprehensive course for someone to get versed with the basics and essentials of MS Excel.
The lessons were basic, but very clear, so it benefited me even if I am a self taught user of Excel
I enjoyed the mix of videos and guided coursework. I feel like I know Excel much better than I did.
Great course, it was great following this course, I really feel a difference in my excel skills now
Amazing course, very well laid and structured. Assignments are very useful in the learning process.
This is an excellent course that sets you up for the exciting and challenging journey called Excel.
Excellent! I got to learn the terminology of the things that were self taught and gained even more.
It's literally a nice course to pursue if someone is keenly interested to learn Excel. That's All.
Good course. Final exam was difficult, but I actually feel like I gained something from taking it.
Very nice course for beginners as well as people who learnt Excel once before and need a revision.
Awesome experience of learning and acquiring new Excel skills. Well taught and informative course.
nice explanation ,nice dedication of teachers while explanation (thanks nicky mam and prashan sir)
Very helpful course to increase my knowledge in excel. Well organised course and very informative.
very informative and awesomely paced course, I recommend every excel beginner to take this course.
A very clear explanation of topics and detailed videos with practice tests made the learning good.
It was fun and lovely experience. I enjoyed learning excel. All the teachers and coaches are great
This is a great course for Beginner and intermediate level student. Everyone should do this course
It was a great experience to learn excel with prashan and nicky .I learned a lot from this course,
The concepts covered in this course are very easy to learn for a beginner and very well explained.
It was amazing learning for me from coursera.hope that they will continue their voluntiar activity
Nicki and Prashan were excellent.  A very enjoyable learning experience.  Looking forward to more.
Clear, efficient and fun -- I learned so much, and am looking forward to the Intermediate courses!
A very interesting Course. They have a great way of teaching . I learnt a lot through this course.
Each and every details has been explained so well that it really made it so easy to go on with it.
Very thorough explanations on each & every topics. Had a great time learning the Excel. Thank You!
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. Great learning- good pace and fantastic material. Liked the tutors.
Even you're not a beginner it is very good for filling the gaps, especially if you're self-taught.
This is a very good course by Macquaire University. It is very informative and very easy to learn.
Excellent course! Absolutely fantastic and very well organized! It makes you a considerate expert!
Easy to follow along with the class. Final Exam was challenging, but "Practice makes permanent" :)
Excellent course and insightful. I will definitely recommend to my friends to enroll this course!
Teaching level in this course was very very good and had a very good ppt about excel.I enjoyed it
Loved doing classes here. The videos are so elaborated. Willing to do more courses in the future.
Thank you for your labour,it is a great chance that develop ourselves in Excel with this platform
Awesome experience while learning excel, so nicely taught by our instructors best excel course...
I absolutely loved this course, i never thought there would be so much I didn't know about Excel.
Excellent course, I really enjoy it and I learned a lot of things that I use to think impossible.
It is an excellent course . Also the assignments were very helpful in understanding the concepts.
A really helpful and easy-to-understand course for us absolute beginners! Really appreciate that!
Is really helpfull, and give real good bases for be more efficient an quick at the moment to work
This is very effective course. All the Excel tools have been explained in precise and accurately.
Innovative and Great way of teaching,Adequate Motivation for Practicing,Practice makes Permanent.
the classes were easy to understand. The way the tutors taught was interactive and understandable
Thank you! This was a great refresher course for someone that has not used excel in a long while.
So easy to follow and complete! I felt that I gained a lot of skills from this course! Thank you!
sir its a very good course and very useful for all the people who are involved with data handling
It's a good course for beginners, Though it felt too easy for me, I enjoyed it a lot nonetheless.
very useful for me and I am glad that I have learnt so much from this course... Thank you so much
I'd like to thank everyone how participate in making up such thing and i'm very happy to join you
This is excellent course for beginners. And for others it can be a refresher. Highly recommended.
Very good Course for beginners and highly recommend to get your  basics strong with this course .
Very well put together. Extremely easy to follow and helpful. Looking forward to the next levels.
Very good course If you want to start from the beginning or review. I really enjoyed this course.
this is perfect one for beginner to start from here.I like their explanation it is just excellent
Great course!There are so many good features I have never used it despite using excel for years!
First of all, thanks to my organization Capgemini for giving this opportunity to upskill at free
I learned many new skills and shortcuts of this program, all this tips is helping now in my job.
I understand lots of thing I really enjoying this course lots of concept clear after this course
It is one of the best courses that I have come across till now. Thank you for a beautiful course
The faculty is very exceptional. They have elaborated every concept very efficiently. Thank you!
I got a great learning experince with the professionals and practice challenges are really good.
Covered the essentials, felt a bit like review at times but we all need a good review sometimes!
Excellent Course to be familiar with excels working. Great attention to the practice challenges.
Best course with perfect guidelines. Thanks for such a great course. It makes me more confident.
Designed extremely well! Allows the participant to practice their skills through fun challenges.
One of the best formative courses available on excel. Definitely going for the intermediate one.
Very nicely taught and well planned course. I also liked the assignments and enjoyed the course.
the way professor teaching is absolutely awesome they covered each and every aspect practically.
It was an amazing course. Excercise worksheet helped in gaining on hand experience on each topic
Super easy to follow the videos and the assignments are spot on. It a very user friendly course.
Was very easy to understand the teachers and was helpful with business references that were used
A very well structured and knowledgeable course that helped me to improve my performance at work
A well-structured and informative course for the basic excel skills one will need in their work.
This course has given me good insight of various capabilities of excel! Great Course! Thank you.
This is useful course for Excel learning. Helped me a lot to understand the minute details about
You will learn how to format reports, lightning fast and print in the number of sheets you need.
simple best .. easily you will master your excel skill by following this simple and easy process
A brilliantly choreographed course, a must for anyone who wants to step in the domain of Excel.
Thought I knew much about excel when I started, this course was a good reality check. Thankyou!
I really loved the way practice videos are made and challenges are set to enhance our learning.
This is awesome! The process they teach is really good. Thanks to Coursera and Course Teachers.
I love the training it taught me so much about the excel. Especially the formatting. Thank you!
Excellent. Great. Special Thanks to Miss Nicky Bull and Mr. Karunaratne. I am greatly benefited
This course made me realize the infinite potential of the use of MS Excel in working with data.
A great course. The instructors are awesome with their explanations. Happy after completing it.
Great course. I work a lot with Excel, and it was quite refreshing seeing these basic concepts.
It was little hard for me but course procedures were very much good to learn most of the point!
it is really helpful,so good , easy to understand and good to see that tutor start from scratch
The tutors have explained everything in an interesting way that has made it easy to understand.
A "fantastic course". Thank you instructors for making learning Excel not intimidating but fun.
I really enjoyed leaning in Coursera, it is very interactive and nicely designed for beginners.
Useful course for an Excel beginner.  User friendly Interface, Simple and detailed explanation.
Learning Excel from the beginning can't be more organized and visualized in such a perfect way.
I have learned a lot from this course, i am sure this course will definitely help me in future.
Great course for beginners full of good exercise after each video. I really enjoyed the course.
more than lovely..i though excel is difficult until i saw how how lovely you break it down ....
Thanks to this course I learned the main tools of Excel to be used in the business environment.
Very amazing class, so much knowledge that is crucial for everyday Excel use! Highly recommend!
It's a great platform to learn excel Thank you Coursera for giving me this opportunity to learn
It could have been perfect if proper solutions were provided at the end of assesment questions.
It´s a great course to start with if you want to learn the basics on excel, is the best option.
it's a great course and i learned a lot , thanks Coursera to provide these professional courses
Great introductory course! I look forward to the next one in the specialization: Intermediate I
Thanks and appreciation from the team for such a wonderful and great exercise. I learnt a lot.
NICE PALTFOR TO LEARN SOME THING NEW FROM THE EXPERTGET A NEW LEARNING SKILLS THANK'S FOR THIS
This was such an eventful and helpful course. I totally feel confident dealing with excel now!
I found this course very exciting even though I already knew excel. I reccomend following it !
It was an amazing course.,worth the time and effort. I feel confident enough to use excel now.
it was very hard but its very good and useful. i am sure it will get to me some good my future
The course is awesome and taught well using examples the only thing you need to do is practice
Really liked this excel course! Have tried many others in the past, this was the best I found.
It's a very nice experience for me. I really want to learn Excel and this course help me alot.
it is great course for the beginners like me. help me to find out clear concept of every tool.
Excellent Experience. Although started from the beginning to have updated my knowledge. Thanks
It was a great course with everything straightforward. Thank you for this amazing opportunity!
Its help me a lot to enhance my knowledge and along with this I learn new things about MS exel
Great Course. Nicely assembled. Gives a well enhanced tour through all the essentials of Excel
Great course! However, some data sheets were inaccurate hence the answers were not conforming.
Great course! I appreciate the efforts put into this one. Very well explained and broken down.
A very nice course designed to know the basic of Excel. Nicely explained each and every basics
Really well explained course allowing to practice and assess your knowledge after each videos.
One of the best Course available. This course will help the person to learn excel from scratch
Great course for beginners, especially its scenario-based and practice-oriented course design.
Very helpful course I learned too many things , thanks to everybody participate in this course
Thank you so much! it was a great course with excellent resources, videos, tools and teachers.
It's a great course and the instructors explain steps very clearly. I definitely learnt a lot!
I've learnt a lot in such a short period of time. It was so easy to follow through! Thank you!
Wonderful Course. Love to complete the rest of the modules asap. It has been a great learning.
This course is clear and easy to understand, the practice exercises of every week is very fun!
Highly recommended if you have zero knowledge and confidence in Excel. It's worth every penny.
A very good course I ever studied....its well organized and any one can learn it independently
it's an amazing experienced that i have tried and learn some useful tool. Strongly recommended
Amazing way of teaching. The Tips, shortcuts , practices and woorksheets were so informative.
Excellent course by Macquarie University. The instructors were really clear and helped a lot.
Great lecturers. I really enjoyed the excel essentials for business, and i am glad i took it!
Wonderful course and instructor gave superb shortcut keys and explanation was lovely by nikki
It was very useful. amazing course. As you said a lot, Practice makes it permanent. Thank you
I liked this course very much. Teacher's were very good at their work and easy to understand.
excellent course...the lectures were too good and the instructor also.thank you coursera team
It is very good teaching course about excel in which professors teach students by an easy way
Perfect course to begin. Practical oriented. Helped me a lot. Thank you Macquaire University.
This course is very useful and awesome presentation mode .i had gained a lot from this course
A good course, learnt all the basics and the quizzes are designed very well for the practice.
The course was very well designed and the assignments were very helpful and fun to go through
Great course, gives good understanding of concepts. I would add more resources for practices.
I learned quite a lot.  Very useful skills.  The course format was simple and easy to follow.
This is course is simply awesome. It is useful for everyone who really wishes to learn excel.
Great learning experience for me really. Learned a lot over the six week materials. Loved it.
Best course ever.It was pretty hard and it was worth going through this long period.Loved it.
The course is so great. It's helped my excel skill a lot. Thanks again for your contribution.
This was a great basics for Excel course. Perfect foundation for using Excel to present data.
I have learned lots of things through this course even though i am using excel last 20 years.
Thank you a lot for helping me become more familiar with Excel. I really enjoyed your course!
Excellent Course... So intuitive, user friendly, and actually made Excel learning really fun!
Great course, from the real basic , which allowed me to fill the voids in my excel education.
it's not easy ! need a lots of practical to pass this exam, but practice become permanent....
Very informative course!!! Plus the topics are explained in a very simple way. Great work (y)
easy and crisp videos very well understood highly recommended. I completed this within 5 days
It's an amazing course and i have learned lots of new surprising and using tools. Appreciated
This was a necessary first step in the journey to Microsoft Excel mastery. Everybody say wow.
A very good course, excellent teaching methodology and emphasis on practice and consistency!
This course is very interesting. The course plan is very subtle and anyone can understand it
The Best Essential course for excel . Really take you from very basic and polish your skills
first , thanks for teachers and university and coursera i learned excel basic level and more
Great course. Even if you are an advanced user of Excel, you can learn a lot of this course.
the best course for beginners who are looking for learning excel in a fun and intresting way
This Course is very interesting and useful. This course teach me new basic skills for excel.
Very good introductive course, thank you for the tools that were given throughout the course
Great Course! The videos are explained so well. I am going to continue with the next levels.
Truly enjoyed the course! Very well structured, with enough of practice and a lot of support
it was a great experience to have such a nice instructor ,i had a great time learning excel.
A great course for anyone who wants to enhance the ability of excel work with numerous data.
I'am very glad to complete this course.This course is very useful,important and interesting.
Very Effective for Beginners. Easily Explained everything.Highly recommending the beginners.
It was avery good session. And the study tutorials where very helpful and easy to understand
The course make me understand what excel is all about. I have learnt and gain a lot from it.
The course is simple and well organized. I hope will finish the specialization successfully.
A lot of learning, a lot of practice, a lot of permanence. Great course! Highly recommended!
The course is great. Especially for those who knows about Excel nothing but it is a table :)
Fruitful, I benefited a lot, and the way of explanation was really clear and understandable.
Very clear explanations. And a great platform for hands-on practice as well. Very satisfied.
Good overview even for an experienced, self-taught Excel user.  I still learned quite a bit.
Excellent course to become familiar with the basics that are required for a beginner person.
I learned more about Excel, including some useful shortcuts than I could ever have imagined.
very detailed explanation for each aspect of excel, good lesson! very suitable for beginners
Exceptional course, I learnt a lot of Excel Skills, that will be useful in my future. Bravo!
this course helped me a lot in leaning basics of excel. its a very good start for beginners.
The course was very comprehensive detail oriented and focused on new learners and beginners.
I learned a lot about how to use Microsoft Excel efficiently. Thank you for the opportunity.
One of the best online courses. The quizzes and exercises are well designed and challenging.
The explanation was really outstanding. It was quick, easy and on point. Really enjoyed it.
This course is so helpful and encourage me to know every single shortcut at excel, thankyou
Very helpful course from basics, covered most of the parts in basic knowledge. Really nice.
Very interesting course & nice instructor.Thanks coursera for providing such a nice lesson.
It is a basic class but very useful. I would keep practicing and keep learning new classes.
I really like this course. I learned a lot about formatting, chart, filtering and many more
This is an excellent course to learn how to use Excel from scratch. I enjoyed it very much.
Excellent course, I learned many things about Excel. I really recomend taking these course!
Course really helps you understand fundamentals and get a strong, clear hold over MS excel.
It's really amazing to learn with. Thanks the concern for bringing such interacting course.
Good overview of the basics of Excel to create a strong foundations for subsequent courses.
Excellent course every procedure is explained step by step. Just go ahead and all the best!
THIS COURSE HELP ME TO UNDERSTAND VARIOUS EXCEL FUNCTIONS WHICH WILL HELP ME IN THE FUTURE.
The course was amazing and now that I have passed it I feel much more confident with excel.
This course is just awesome. And the way of teaching and question patterns are outstanding.
Gives a great start, with each and every topic being discussed with such ease and interest!
The course material was perfect. The instructions were clear. The assignments were helpful.
Simple and easy to follow, very basic but I learned a few shortcuts and useful information.
I really love that there are practice challenges and quizzes to lock in what I am learning.
Learnt lots of new and advanced features. It was an excellent experience. Thanks DebasishC.
Excellent course for professionals who are responsible for managing data in an excel sheet.
Very Nice & informative. Both teachers have good knowledge & hard work on their assignment.
Very good learning experience. Practice excises were awesome. It really improved my skills.
Great course to gain a fundamental understanding of Excel. Well designed and user-friendly.
this course was very strong and great course instructors.....thank you for all your efforts
I really enjoyed the course and it gave me great instruments to use and make my work easier
The best of all online course. Hats off to the team to make complex things looks so simple.
I did not know anything, but now I feel so confident doing some excel function! Im so happy
A well planned and structured course, with well practice sheets. Really enjoyed doing Excel
Great course, professors are very professional and teach excel in a very easy to learn way.
Very informative and easy to follow along. I look forward to the next course in the series.
This course is recommended for beginners and the tutor is very clear in teaching. Good job
Excellent course. Additional knowledge and wisdom for the learner. Great job for the team.
Really nice....I think this is the best course among all other courses I'm doing Coursera.
The information is given very simple and clear for understanding. Thank you for the course
this course helped me alot with my excel knowledge and its must do before any job exposure
Very great course. I already know much things about excel, but I still learn a lot with it
Excellent course provided by Macquarie University. Course is designed in an excellent way.
Great beneficial for learning. Many many thanks to coursera for giving me the opportunity.
Excellent Course and I love the way the things get going and explained in a very easy way.
It's a pretty solid course, you can learn a lot from it and put in on practice immidiatly!
I learnt a great foundation of basic skills of Excel which would surely help me in future.
Awesome course, it is a great way for beginners to understand and become a expert in this.
Very informative lecture videos and overall curriculum is very well ordained.  I loved it.
It's really good. They have provided a lot of workbooks for practice. Does help you a lot.
I did have basic knowledge of excel but I still found out I had lots to learn... Thank you
It cover all the basics required for you to learn and understand Excel in a very easy way.
The course module is organised and every steps of the course is so effective for learning.
The course was great, I would like to think all people how are behind this wonderful work.
Amazing Course for beginners. Looking forward to do more courses from this specialization.
Amazing how well instructors explain concepts and after every video there is a small quiz.
Very simply explained and easy to understand. The assignment are also very fun to complete
Great Essential course of Excel. Now I've got solid base to work in Excel with confidence!
Great course to get familiar with terms and issues that will arise with technical support.
Great course. Helped me fill in the blanks and learn some new things too! Love the format.
Great course for anyone that fears Excel. Can't believe that I put this off for so long!!!
I really enjoyed this course and was never so stressed out for an exam that i did it twice
Very useful and easy to follow! Can't believe I had so many gaps in the knowledge of excel
this course is very helpful . it provides detailed knowledge to different topics in excel.
A practically built course. Weekly assessments made learning and remembering really easy.
This course takes you through all the known and unknown aspects of this Amazing Software.
It was a wonderful course covering everything important from the basics very efficiently!
I have loved how interesting and interactive has been learning new skills in this course.
Wonderful course !! glad to have this opportunity,learned a lot.A big thanks to coursera.
I've learned many things from this course! Thanks to Coursera for this kinda opportunity!
Great! Even though I have been using EXCEL for years learned many features and shortcuts!
The instructors were really good! I learnt a lot of skills on how to use Microsoft excel.
Good course with lots of practice material. Can be used to gain lots of insight in excel.
Would definitely recommend this course! Finally know how to use Excel as a tool for work!
A student does not know about excel can be expert by learning these courses and practice.
This course is really good, I hope everyone can give themselft an opportunity to take it.
Really great course for the basics! Enjoyed it and ready to learn more from the next ones
Extremely helpful course.  The lessons were well-paced and catered to all learning types.
This was very helpful. I learned a lot of things. Thank you. The tutors were awesome too.
clear instructions and each short video only perform one kind of function, easy to follow
Very interesting and complete, good methodology, i learned a lot from this course, thanks
Awesome course building fundamentals and bringing the right skills into the person by reg
If anyone interested to do excel mean this one of the very good option to learn, promise.
This was a wonderful course ,full of learning and practice.I highly recommend this course
Great course! It was very helpful to learn the all the essentials to get started on Excel
It was very engaging all the way. A nice way for self learning and knowledge acquisition.
Thank you for your lessons, the quizzes were interactive. everything was cool and useful.
This course is really amazing.I learned basic part of excel with practice and funny ways.
Amazing teachers from Macquarie University. Looking forward to learning other courses too
It is a perfect course for beginners to learn how to deal with excel. Thank you coursera.
It is an Amazing user-friendly course with basics to deal with recommended for beginners.
Very useful course, the basics skills are mandatory to tacle the normal activity in excel
Great course for beginners! Just some slightly issues with more recent versions of excel.
the course is very interesting with quizes and ninja tips after every video. very useful!
Challenges were pretty good. Liked the course, will be joining the Intermediate course-1.
Very Nice Course to start with. Videos are short and to the point. I refreshed my basics
The course is just amazing. I enjoyed throughout  the whole course love both of mentors.
This course was really made simplified by the instructors. I appreciate your good works.
Quite a good course. I will surely take an intermediate course also. Thanks to teachers.
Great course. A compulsory recommendation to beginners who are trying to excel in excel.
AWESOME KNOWLEDGE I GOT FROM THIS BUT LAST QUIZ WHICH IS OF 22 QUESTIONS IS TOO LENGHTY.
very clear understanding learnt basics and will continue to advance thank you very much.
Exceptionally suitable to anybody up for learning and ready to have fun with challenges.
Great course.  got to know more  about excel.syllabus , notes, videos and quiz all great
Excelent course, It is the first and there were things that I did not know how to do it.
Greatly covers the basics and doesnt let you miss a detail you might need at some point.
A very insightful course to upgrade one's skill-set and efficiency in data manipulation.
Awesome course, it have an intuitive way of learning and the teachers explain perfectly.
It helps me a lot to learn new skills and surely going to help me a better professional.
The structure of the Course is amazing and the Instructors are really good at their job.
very good course, i learn lots of lots things from this an also i learn new things also.
Thank you... I will recommend this course to anyone who is interested in learning Excel.
The course was quick, user-friendly, and covered most of the basics. Highly recommended.
The course is very good for every category of students. it teaches you basic thoroughly.
Such a great course! I feel so much more confident in my Excel skills. Highly recommend.
A good course that covers excel basics that are essential in any business case analysis.
A great course for Beginners!!! The pace and content of the course is very easy to grasp
its A good Course for Beginners as well for people who wants to brush up to their basics
best online course for learing excel .the videos and notes is used to do assignment good
very very thankfull to coursera good course i have learned excel for business Essentials
Excellent Course. Really educative and enlightening. I enjoyed every step of the process
It was a very nice and knowledgeable course, it helped me a lot to understand the excel.
Amazing course for a beginner. User-friendly with a good learning experience throughout.
Great Course, covers all the essential basics to get one started with this powerful tool
Clear, well crafted and well paced.  Fantastic for someone just starting out with Excel.
Very informative, easy to follow instructions and the practice challenges are well done.
One of the best online courses I've ever had, amazing teacher and very organized content
I have learned a lot specially the little basics which are very important in daily work.
Thank you for putting this specialization on coursera. you guys are literally lifesavers
This very first course was very informative and had just the right amount of difficulty.
Very useful course for any person from any background. Explained in a very lucid manner.
Perfectly structured course with good number of quizzes and practice lessons. Thank you!
Very good course for learning Excel. This course makes learning excel intuitive and fun.
I am preparing for a bit interview where excel is required. This course is a life saver.
All the skills are very practical and useful that I actually implement them on my tasks.
Very helpful and classes broken down to absorb information in the most efficient manner.
I learn a lot from this course. Thanks a lot for teaching me which i never done before.
Very active course, that leads the students into a very practical application of Excel.
THANKYOU FOR THE OPPURTUNITY COURSERA. THE TEACHING STAFFS WAS VERY MUCH UNDERSTANDABLE
Its a wonderful platform to get knowledge in excel. Its is easy way to learn everything
A must-do course for students and professionals who want to learn excel through basics.
Very well organized and clearly instructed class. I learnt and refreshed my skills. A+!
Amazing Course. Thank you to all my teachers for giving me knowledge about this course.
This course is amazing and This course give me very good excel skills thankyou coursera
Best Course So Far, on Coursera. Best Course material as well as instructor. Thank you.
Didactic and helpful course for those who wish to start learning Excel and its features
I like this course a lot. Detailed explaination and live demo made this course amazing!
Very very useful course. Thanks to Coursera and thanks to Macquarie University, Sidney.
Very helpful for beginners to increase workplace efficiency. Topics are well explained.
Pretty good. they teach you in a really easy way all you should know about EXCEL basics
Loved everything about it, from the introduction videos to lesson. Learned a great deal
I would say everyone should try this course belonging any profession like Engineers etc
Love this course! Great insight and reminders of things I forgot long ago... Great Job!
This course has been structured  in such a clear and didactic way that makes Excel fun.
Helpful for learning basic Excel skills.  Course was motivating and was easy to follow.
Great course! Really helped me get familiar with some of Excel's basic functionalities
It's a very powerful course, definitely  helped me a lot  and I recommend it to anyone
This Course was really awesome and covered all the topic to start with the excel work.
Very easy to understand, clear explanations and examples, interactive tasks. Awesome!!
Course was great however I intended to retake the assessment today.  Can this be done?
Amazing Experience I had. Best teachers and tutorials. I reallly enjoyed the learning.
Have learned a lot of important things,which really very much helpful to me.Thank you.
This is an excellent masterpiece to understand the complicated excel in an easy manner
Excellent instruction, great hands-on projects, and nicely presented. I learned a lot.
To learn excel, this course have basic concepts of excel these are used in daily work.
Good coverage of excel skills required but also addressed new excel layout and changes
I learnt a lot from this course.. i can now work confidently on excel to an extent now
provides in depth knowledge about the excel through practical approach and assignments
Best excel course for beginners, you will learn all the essential knowledge for excel!
i tried my best but some having less time so i was not attend regular time assinement.
Very thorough course which touched on all of the basics of Excel. Thank you very much!
This was a great course! I feel much more confident about using Excel! Thanks so much!
Brush up the Essential and basic of Excel with this course. Wonderfully designed... :)
This course is what I need, very interesting. I thank all the Staff andfor this course
The course is exceptional for those who want to have the most basic knowledge of excel
This course covers every essentials of Excel. It gives me knowledge in systematic way.
Great instructor. All basic operations are covered in this single course. Recommended
Clear, short and precise tutorials. Great presentations from the instructors as well.
I think all professional people should know about these contents. Highly recommending
An amazing course for beginners to start learning about excel right from the scratch.
Its an Excellent Course with very detailed explanation and perfect practice questions
Easy pace and highlights the basic functions that is required to impress the beginner
Its a awesome and useful course for all. and teaching is really good in this course..
Nice way of introducing MS Excel to beginners.Easy projection of ideas by the author.
Everything was simplified for the best understanding of the students. I learnt a lot!
Very friendly and interesting teaching methods. Its like learn with fun. Recommended.
I am very to take participate in this course. This is very helpful for the new comer.
Really helpful and professionally-oriented introduction to excel skills for business.
Great course offered  by macquarie University through Coursera Platform  thankyou....
great to know about such essentials which are of atmost benefit in the present time!!
Very helpful to understand the features & do practice with completely covered topics.
Amazing explanation, and progressive and interesting arrangement of Videos and tests.
Indeed a very good course.The course material is quite relative and managed properly.
I learned a lot of skills in this course, and I have experience in using Excel thanks
Easy to learn with the way the course is taught and designed.  Way to go Macquarie!!!
Excellent. I am very grateful to have this course. Thank you for all of your efforts.
Very good and useful. Congratulations to myself for finishing this course. Well done!
it's a really productive basic course. I recommend everyone to go through the course.
Excellent course. Even for the experienced users there are lots of useful information
Excellent course and excellent teaching skills by the Professors. Highly recommended.
Clear and complete, very useful in order to know basic exel and move the first steps!
Such a wonderful platform to learn. Truly blessed to be able to learn from Coursera!
I had an excellent experience on this wonderful platform to enhance my excel skills.
This was very helpful... Thank you so much, looking forward to the advanced levels!!
Clear and well structured material presentation. Well prepared material for practice
Well, explained it in a wonderful way. The test for each topic was helpful to learn.
Excellent course, well presented, and a great run through regardless of skill level.
It was very a good experience. Especially the instructors were so good. Thanks a lot
This course's structure, teaching method, course material, everything is phenomenal!
Excellent training session. Thank you mentors. Learn lot of tricky issues. Thank You
Excellent course.   Very informative, easy to follow and the material was excellent.
A very good course that teaches almost all the concepts and applications of ms-excel
I have learnt a lot and I didn't even know to print an excel workbook but now I know
The results and the new skills I have learnt in this course exceeds my expectations.
A great course for beginners to get equipped with all the important skills of Excel.
I appreciate the way tutors taught us. It's very easily understood by the beginners.
Really, This course helped me a lot. love to learn something new everyday. thank you
Great, Easy to Follow ,good for everyone as it filled gaps of our knowledge in excel
Excellent videos and examples. The quizzes were very helpful, too. Highly Recommend!
Clear instruction with lots of tips, really help to pick up excel from the begining.
Frankly speaking, this is one of the best Excel Course I have encountered till date.
A great learning experience with the excel skills for business sharpening my basics.
this course is excellent in all aspects to keep you motivated and challenge yourself
I like the course and the material of the excel which is provided by the university.
It has helped me to surely enhance my Excel Skills.It actually brushed up my skills.
very organized, very precise, down to the point. clear voice and amazing instructors
This was excellent course and tutor are so skilled in instilling skills in students.
A well structured course.The assignments are well constructed to keep us on our toes
It's amazing course, i'am now at the first stage to be professional at excel program
Very well-organised and presented course. Easy to follow and very useful. Thank you!
Very good and comprehensive course. Covers every essential thing in a beautiful way.
IT WAS REALLY AMAZING COURSE, THE FLOW AND PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION IS JUST GREAT
Excellent! Wonderful !Everything was clear and easily explained .Thank you Coursera.
Excellent way to start Excel foundation. Well design of each segment for the course.
Very clear and concise instructions delivered in a manner that keeps you interested.
Very essential for who works and deals with huge data segregation and data crunches.
Course was EXCELLENT !!  ENJOYED LEARNING. I appreciate the efforts of Course Team.
A wonderful course and professors makes everyone to stick to their course till end.
HIghly Recommended.The way of teaching is very good and in a perfect organized way.
Very good course, it helped me to complement commands and skills that I already had
Thank you so much for providing this course. i have just learnt the basic of excel.
I found this course very helpful. I hope the coming courses to be of this much fun!
This course is great for basic knowledge of Excel. Really helped me to learn excel.
THIS COURSE HELPED ME GAIN SO MUCH KNOWLEDGE IN EXCEL. NOW I CAN CONFIDENTLY WORK!!
It is a really good course to learn the essentials of Excel and easy to understand.
Well structured course with modules rather easy for trainee to follow and practice.
Fantastic way of teaching. Interactive way of learning. Practice make it permanent.
It was amazing going through the course.Achived lots of essential skills on exxcel.
The way they teach and the course and skills are too important and good . Thank you
I really enjoyed learning the basics and looking forward to continuing the courses.
It was amazing course for beginners. If you want to learn excel, you must try this.
It was fruitful and awesome. I will complete the other courses as soon as possible.
When I started this course I had 0 background, Now I feel more confident.Thank you.
A great course is very important and helps to upgrade you skills in Microsoft Excel
I've always been scared of Excel. Now, not so much. I'm so glad I took this course.
Absolutely great course . I am confident and now i can work with any of the tools .
It is very informative and yet fun to do course. I loved it and recommend for sure.
This is sa wonderful programme. I would highly recommend this to beginners like me!
It look lengthy  but its really good if someone want to make his working life easy.
The instructors were excellent! Super clear and passionate about the topic at hand.
A good class to take for beginners and those that want to brush up on Excel skills!
Well organized and easy to follow.  Highly recommend this course to other learners.
very practical course and hopefully I would apply all  those techniques in my work
Great Courses. Well explained by the tutors. Helps a lot for basic usage of excel.
it was really a great online course ever which i have done so far . worth learning
very useful course! I got a lot of skills on shortcuts and formatting. Thank you:)
Amazing, thorough and the final exam was the perfect exercise to check your skills
It started from the very basics and made you want to learn more and more everyday.
Really good course for beginners or for the people who have not used excel at all.
Thank you so much. It was my first course in coursera. Everything was really good.
The lectures were great. The practice material is extensive and covers everything.
I loved how it teaches us from very basics and takes to the report creation level!
It was fantastic learned a lot from it in a short time. Really handy for beginners
excellent course and detailed explnations for each module.assessments were awsome.
Best Excel course ever. Thank you to all Prof at MacQuarie University and Coursera
This is a very good and effective course for those who are very beginner in excel.
This course though started with basics but ended up in empowering with key skills.
This course is excellent, the amount of attention given to details is astonishing.
Really i learnt something worthy of using excel ..Thanks to the course instructors
Perfectly designed course. The practice challenges are mindblowing and challenging
excellent course with a lot of learning with good tutors and a lot of fun together
its very exciting and useful course, i'm looking forward to attend the next course
Loved it, I enjoyed being able to pause and go over things again that i needed to.
Excellent course for beginners in MS-EXCEL. Good teaching & informative materials.
Love it! It's apt for beginners! It helped me gain a confident control over Excel!
Great course, really makes you practise and explore the options that Excel offers.
Excellent Course. Thank you  Macquarie University for putting the course together.
Very easy to follow even for non native English speakers. I found it very helpful.
Very well explained with vivid examples, best course out there to learn MS Excel!
Awesome course, nothing more to say. Looking forward to doing the Intermediate 1.
probably one of the best course available for a beginner. Made my concepts clear.
This was a very interesting course I can finally say that I am confident in Excel
Straightforward and comprehensive explanations!Thank you for your excellent work!
Superb course and it will be a great addition to the portfolio of any individual.
This is an excellent course . have learned all the things successfully. thank you
Well-structured, easy to follow and ample guidance withhands-on practice provided
I am greatful to learn excel skills for Business Essentials in Coursera thank you
Awesome, step by step guidance. Great for spotting the gap on self learned excel.
Great course for those looking to learn something new or update exisiting skills.
Just loved this course!!! It's a great course, 100% intuitive and well explained.
Very useful course. Willing to dig into the next level. Thanks everyone involved.
Very helpful and user-friendly. Looking forwards to finishing the specialization.
i think i already professional at excel,still can learn new things at this course
Excellent introduction of Excel software...I feel excited to go to the next step!
This course has immensely enhanced my excel skills!! I now know so much about it!
Learnt so much and it's just the Essentials...cant wait to get to Advanced Level.
Great Class, great tutors, Clear instructions, will follow up with other modules
This course gives you each and every little bit knowledge about basics in excel.
It is great course. All the teacher are Pro. I love their method. Just say woow!
Thank you to the instructors and great materials to help you through the course.
Nice course for beginner like me. Thank you for guiding me throughout the course
Thank you to the Professors for teaching this course in such a effective manner.
This is a good course, it's more it covers more than just the simple ESSENTIALS.
Great way of online teaching. The instructors are amazing and helpful. Thank You
I absolutely loved it. The instructors are very clear and pleasant to listen to.
It is excellent course for beginners that do not have any experience with Excel.
finally understood the sorting and conditional formatting. thank you dost caraga
It is very comprehensive, and the final assessment was a challenge worth taking!
It was an useful course for many purposes. Now I can do my official work easily.
Thank you instructor Nicky and Macquarie University for such a wonderful course.
Very well structured. Interactive learning. Adequate material for understanding.
It was very helpful course with easy learning curve. Thank you for your efforts.
Very educative and interesting. Had fun all through while learning great skills.
Informative course that I would recommend anyone wanting to star learning excel!
I have acquired many basics in Excel  which are useful to me in my workthank you
This was a great introduction course for Excel.   Well worth the time and money.
Awesome! Explains in a very practical way how to do incredible works with excel!
Amazing Course, I learned so Much.. I cannot wait to continue to the next course
One of the best specialisation of excel for business with knowledgeable faculty.
A big thank to Coursera team. Great!! It's a wonderful course for a new learner
the course is very interesying and useful ,you are the best,thank you very much
An amazing course. Very simple explanation and a lot of amazing practice stuff.
It was a great course!  I enjoyed it thoroughly and learnt a lot.  Thanks heaps
Great to recall some efficient formatting and shortcuts even if you are a pro !
The teaching is very accurate and the material is ample to complete the course.
This course is brilliantly designed and focuses on essential tools of MS Excel.
this is an amazing course for a beginner, the instructors did an excellent job!
I learned a lot from this. Really very essential skills. Will highly recommend.
thank you to me. completed this course. practice make permanent thank you again
Excellent Course contents with brilliant explanation and guidelines. Thank you.
Totally satisfied with the course and instructor as well. Highly recommendable.
Awesome course Thanks to my instructors prashan & Nicky both guys are rocked it
this course is very good for begineer and faculty's teaching skill is excellent
I now feel confident that I can do data manipulation on excel Thank you so much
I learned from basic to all i need and upgraded my excel skill to another level
Excellent course, filled with all the necessary information to work with Excel!
It gave me a more in-depth understanding of the tools that I am using in Excel.
Really great learning with lot of course material for new learner and refreshin
Interesting, concise, coordinated, serial, purposeful and accomplished training
Great start on Excel. Everything really well explained, so much still to learn!
It was a perfect course, It is necessary for all people who are looking to work
Very useful information. I'm ready to see what challenges Intermediate I brings
this is excellent stuff.You can learn course its perfectly for Business purpose
Heled me fill many gaps in my knowledge about basic excel. Thank you Coursera!
Just Loved the way they showed us how to work in excel workbook. Thank you :-D
Useful course both for beginners and for those who want to develop some topics
It's Best  course I ever done on Coursera and I learned a lot from this course
FINAL ASSESSMENT WAS SO HARD AND CHALLENGED. BUT I MADE AFTER MULTIPLE ATTEMPS
really a well made course, covering the excel essential everyone needs to know
Well structured coursed and very nice explanations, assessments, quizzes, etc.
The course provides practical ways to make learning excel much fun and easier.
Excellent course, if definitely speedup my excel skill. Thanks to the trainer.
The course is really great and  it will help  you to start your excel journey.
The way of approach towards teaching really make us go wow. Thank you Coursera
I had the best tutors with one on one training.Thank you Mcquaire University!.
excellent well structured . even a person with no previous knowledge can learn
A little tricky, and at times a little difficult but great intro or refresher.
Wonderfully directed course throughout. They have made Excel learning so easy.
it's a very useful course for beginner.it cover all the basic skills of excel.
As a beginner, after completing this I've just started loving play with Excel.
Perfect course, easy to follow and a lot of skills to learn. Highly recommend.
Teaching method Excellent. Weekly Challenges helped me to boost my confidence.
It is a fantastic course for biginners...You can learn the Excel step by step.
Very informative and also kudos to the faculty. They made it very entertaining
It was fun learning Excel from you guys otherwise, I was scared to touch Excel
best course I will recommend for someone ready to improve his/her Excel skills
It was undoubtedly one of my best course enrolled in coursera If not the best.
This is an amazing course if you would like to develop you basic Excel Skills.
I have learn lot , I can say i know excel 80% better as compare to previous me
Good Knowledge is provided to get start with Excel Basics. Recommended Course.
Wonderful course and outline. I really appreciate the way Sean did his work :)
Broken up into nice short video segments with practice and a quiz for each one
I like the way of your teachings and also amaze how to make question for excel
Great course. Easy to follow and understand. Enjoyed the practical activities.
I loved it! Great theoretical content united with amazing practice challenges!
Extremely Satisfied with the syllabus & the professor. Love to learn and excel
Excellent way of teaching at a pace which provides a lot of room for practice.
Nice course for beginners.. it will add an extra layer of confidence to you...
Excellent course, fulfilling my expectations and now I am eager to learn more
this course is super practical with fundamental yet useful knowledge on Excel
A great Learning Flat form, supper happy for this course, a great help for me
EXCELLENT COURSE , TEACHING FACULTY IS PERFECT AND CRISP- NICKY MAM & PRASHAN
Coursera gives me a great platform to learn Excel skill.Nice teaching method.
Amazing! Helped me to learn a lot about Exel and to increase my Exel skills!!
I never thought that Excel has so many powerful options. A thorough pedagogy!
AMMAAAAZING COURSE! Thank you so much! These weeks were a pleasure for me!!!!
Brilliant piece of information and skill-set I have got by doing this course.
Excellent way of learning excel at your own pace and creating a solid base...
Very well taught course on Excel. Gives  Perfect  HeadStart in learning Excel
Simple and easy to follow step by step learnings with good practice material.
best opportunity to learn basic excel for office purposes and business skills
Really  a good experience and had learned many things from this excel course.
Excellent practising material. Thanks to all to guide us in an effective way.
This course is perfect for the beginner who wants to have basis Excel skills.
Great learning experience ever. I learned so many things in such an easy way.
Thank you for making it a very interactive session, enjoyed every week of it.
Nicely expalined  course , with practise test to test what have you learned .
Excellent course with simple learning techniques. Great! Kudos to entire team
It was a fun experience. The content was very crystal clear and brief. Thanks
I gain a lot of knowledge and be more confident now to operate Excel! Thanks!
The professors took their time to explain so it was an easy to follow course.
i have never seen such an organized and easy to learn course. Excellent....!!
Challenging and practice based. Needs concentration and involves actual work.
It has been very useful so far. There is plenty of material to practice with.
Best for beginners and excellent videos and related material. 5 stars from me
Easy to understand and plenty to learn, even for users with prior experience.
Easy course, good for refresher course purpose, and don expect anything tough
Excellent Course!Instructors are enthusiastic and thorough with explanations.
Very Good for learners to experiment and experiment for further more learning
Nice introduction course to Excel, with very good explanation and exercises.
Lots of useful information. A great opportunity for learning and relearning!
This course actually suitable for beginner who don't know about excel before
I loved this course. Seriously, the journey with this course really amazing.
I really loved it! Now I feel total confident with this software! I'm ready!
Very Very Nice Course, Every beginner should opt for it.  Thank You Coursera
Amazingly explained all the terms associated with excel. Highly Recommended.
it was very helpful for me to enhance my skills in excel . thank you so much
Very great course to learn the essentials of Excel, even for seasoned users.
Clear, interesting and thorough. A pleasure to learn. "Everybody say 'wow'!"
Very helpful if you are doing simple report and to refresh your excel skills
Excellent Course. Will definitely recommend it to my friends . Thanks a lot.
Essentials course it helped me with current skills I have and expand on them
This Excel Course is very worth while and I learn a lot. Thank you Coursera.
It was a great learning experience.  learning was really simplified and fun.
It is the best course for beginners who want to learn Excel for office work.
Excellent teaching and Nikki the way you teach automatically builds interest
This was my first course at Coursera. I liked every bit of it. Thanks a lot!
Fantastic course! it is very easy and helpful. I recommend it to everyone!!!
Amazing teaching, super clear. Learned a lot of time-saving tips. Thank you.
Thanks for this wonderful course. must course for every management graduate.
excellent course. covered almost everything that is required for a beginner.
This is really a eligible course for someone who wants to start their career
Enjoyed the course.. Amazing tasks. Now i'm confident about my excel skills.
Very helpful course for those who needs to work with Excel on a daily basis!
A great opportunity to learn some typical excel falls in a professional ways
Excellent teaching and explanations. Superb exercises and very motivational.
I am grateful to Coursera for the opportunity. An absolutely amazing course.
Fantastic Course !!!Thank you so much !!It was such an inspiring jourrney ..
This course was great. I learned a lot from it. It was really very helpful.
It offers a solid foundation and it is such an inspiring course by the way!
The best course i've taken on Coursera so far. Hands apart. Simply amazing.
Really got to learn a lot. Very easily explained and easily understandable.
One of the best and knowledgeable courses on this platform! #Everyonesaywow
A good course with simple explanations and a good way to revise each lesson
Very Helpful Course for any people with any level of experience using ecxel
It's been a wonderful learning experience for me. Learnt a lot about excel.
I'm learn so many new things & trick to do presentation of my excel skills.
I am strongly recommended for this course. The teaching method is fabulous.
Great course. Learnt alot for myself and got many tips for ease of working.
Thank you so much for this course. It was such a great learning experience.
An excellent course - offers a firm foundation in Excel and best practices.
Very nicely organized, tests the ability by doing practical implementation!
Great Course, Easy and simple explanation to modern-day problems with excel
A very easy to way how i learned Excel. It is essential for evey fresher’s.
The way the course is designed for learners is perfect. I love this course.
Incredible good course, easy to understand and very intuitive to work with.
such a Wonderful experience to complete this course.thank you coursera team
Fantastic course! Easy to follow with very clear instructions and examples.
If you think you want to dig deeper in Excel. Please go for this course!!!!
This is a very useful course, and I would recommend this course to anybody.
An Amazing journey through the course... you guys took me back to school :)
Very good refresh of Excel, and easy to fit in with other life commitments!
Fantastic experience of learning Excel Essential Skills with great faculty.
Excelent Videos, Highly useful for people whoare not fimilar with MS Excel
The videos are easy to follow and understand. Great for beginners like me.
Thank you. Simple but very informative and I learned a lot in this course.
This course was very supportive for me to develop my Excel skills. Thanks.
Very useful course for everyone that wants to know excel form the begining
great course but I thInk we need a lIttle more tIme for the final exam the
This course has helped me improve my skills and knowledge on excel skills.
Excellent Course to Start With!! A must-do course for a beginner in excel!
Very well explained carefully by Prof Nicky and Prof Prashan! Thank you :)
It was a very good experience and very good platform to improve the skills
it was good course, i really enjoyed by doing this course,  nice  teaching
It was wonderful learning and experiencing the powerful features of Excel.
It's a very good course to help set the foundations for the specialization
This course is essential for everyone. The faculty member is very helpful.
they teaches very well that we understand it easily. thank for your course
Great course for the beginners to low intermediate level of Excel learners
Best course for those who want to have a grasp of the essentials of Excel.
This was a great class to learn more about the functionality within Excel.
It's awesome! If you are planning to learn excel this is a very good way..
Step by step explanation helped me to understand baffling topics with ease
Excellent opportunity for those who want to learn and excel their skills.
I liked that every lesson, there was quiz to refresh and apply.keep going
This is one of the most useful course I have ever completed from COURSERA
Thanks it helped me improving my skillsand done my work faster like a pro
Excellent Course for Students who want to learn master their excel skills
in this course i learn different commands with which i use excel friendly
The training helped me to go through the excel and provided me confidence
The course was really interesting and engaging, which i enjoyed doing it.
Excellent course for learning the basics of MS Excel. Highly Recommended.
Very informative and well designed. Sean's story kept me in very engaged!
it was a great course which explains most of the basic things about excel
Amazing Course by Amazing Instructors! I feel like a PRO already. Thanks!
BEST UNIVERSITY TO LEARN EXCEL FROM. THE WAY OF TEACHING IS JUST AMAZING.
It was a very usefull course that helps you to improve your excel skills.
Very Good. Guide us in very clear manner. I love both instructor! Thanks!
Very useful for my profession and thankful to all Coursera co-ordinators.
It covers all the Essentials in a fast easy way to understand and follow.
Hands on. Very useful. Not too long.  Just what I need to do my business.
I am glad I did this course. It helped me a lot with the basics of Excel.
Well explained and very useful tricks and shortcuts learnt along the way!
Very efficient way of learning.The content is very well organised. Kudos!
Gained a great deal of knowledge and insights on the working of MS Excel.
really useful and excellent course to learn business essentials for EXCEL
Awesome course, videos, techniques and greatly well explained. Thank you!
Structuring of course content is very good as it helps to assess yourself
Easy to follow, great explanations, relevant and fun quizes and exercises
Amazing Course For Begineer, Lots of new things has explained. Thankyou !
Great Course! Happy with the materials, explanations and classes overall.
Great course. Thought i new how to use Excel to the fullest but i didn't.
It's pretty helpful for one who want to know fundamental skills in excel
Fully detailed basics required in excel, Easy to understand and practice
I'm a lot more comfortable and quicker with Excel thanks to this course.
I have used Excel for many years and learned a lot during this training.
Nice explanation and Quality material provided with low data consumption
Thank you very much for everything. I would like to continue my studies.
Great course for learning Exel essentials, even if you are not beginner.
The course was very interactive and a great mix of theory and practical.
Its a very nice course and I have learnt more than what i have expected.
Really helped me to understand the basics of excel, thank you very much.
It is very helpful course to better understand and improve Excel skills.
This was an amazing course. Helped me learn some new things about excel.
This is amazing journey ! I am so excited to keep learning of Course 2 !
Perfect no comments even a school kid can understand the way they teach.
Excellent content, very good explanation. I am highly satisfied. Thanks!
The best excel lessons ever had in life. Right from scratch to advanced.
I've enjoyed this course. It was really helpfull and easy to understand.
Simple and great refreshener for all who is getting back to using Excel!
This was such a good course. It's nice that you can go at your own pace.
Little bit easy for someone already familiar with Excel but will taught.
An excellent course help me to understand a lot of useful tools in excel
IT IS GREAT COURSE .IT HELPED A LOT TO LEARN LOTS OF NEW THINGS.THANKYOU
Well All I can say is I enjoyed Learning Excel! Thank You Coursera Team.
The instructors were great. I look forward to taking more Excel classes!
It was really good course for being understand the basics of excel tools
Perfect course. I really appreciate all of the creators. That is amazing
Great study material and very useful for day to day business activities.
This was an awesome course. It really increased my skills and abilities.
Excellent Course. Go for it if want to learn Excel in systematic manner.
Best course for beginners who wants to enhance their skills in MS Excel.
I enjoyed this course and brushed up on many skills that were forgotten.
Really I wanna Thank everyone here I'll join the other coures Thank you!
Whao! Very well designed course. I am glad i took it. Thanks a lot guys!
Great course that takes you through the basic Excel functions with ease.
This course is amazing. I don't think anyone can make a  better course.
Great course!really learnt a lot and it was challenging as well as fun.
It was perfect, so much practice so much knowledgement, Thank You all!!
very useful, the excel skill can improve my working and studying skill.
It was great experience for me which will very beneficial in my future.
I have never known how powerful Excel can be... Glad I took this course
Practical and very well explained. Overall an enjoyable course to take.
Amazing course! Everything is clear and practice exercises are amazing!
Very well designed course that teaches the excel to a beginner as well.
#everyonesaywow really useful course i will study on intermediate soon.
Love the way you explain. I am excited to start the other three couses.
Easy to understand and follow. Very helpful for beginner and refresher.
Excel Skills for Business: Essentials -Really it was an amazing course!
Easy to understand and will make familiar with all the basics of excel.
Great teaching skills of instructor as well as great topics it covered.
The explanation of the functions in Excel is clear with demonstrations.
Was very easy to learn this amazing software for this awesome course :D
Learned a lot of valuable short cuts within Excel for quicker workflow.
Learning how to use excel was a wonderful experience. Thank you so much
Excellent Hands-on Training on excel. Thanks to the instructors as well
I thoroughly enjoyed this course & will look at what else I can do next
Easy Explanation of Excel Usage make is simple to use in business life.
Thank you for providing such a wonderful course, learned a lot from it.
Excellent Course, very well structured, DO NOT THINK TWICE & START NOW.
A must for beginners. You will learn all the essentials of basic excel.
Its a great learning. My next task is to learn the advance level course
Very easy to digest course materials, but very high impact on learning.
Well organized and presented.  Comprehensive overview of Excel's power.
It was really good to answer the questions differently as I had thought
Excellent courses, I like this step-wised courses to sharpen my skills.
They have explained very well, will suggest everyone to do this course.
great course!good videos and good mini test. nice variety of activities
Love this level, great course and really focused in the business needs.
Really great lessons on how to make use of excel's basic functionality.
This course was super helpful. I learned a lot and I feel exponentially
great beginner excel course to refresh your memory or learn the basics.
This course helps me a lot. I've learn many things during this course.
Very useful course, learned a lot of parts that were not known before.
Instructors are awesome. I can now work with excel faster than before.
Detailed explanation and step by step guide. Recommended for beginners
Best course for Business.I have really enjoyed while doing the course.
Thanks to Coursera for given me such opportunity in COVID-19 pandemic.
Awesome i learned and remembered some things about bassic excel things
A WONDERFUL PLATFORM TO LEARN. THE LEARNING IS MADE SO EASY. THANK UOU
The course was really good and designed well to learn fast and easily.
easy to understand, sufficient practice and exercise along the videos.
It's very nice way of teaching excel and I learned in a effective way.
The course is wonderfully designed. It's so easy to understand things.
Thank you for the efforts you made to give us this precious knowledge.
Excellent Course which improve my knowledge further in Microsoft Excel
Great course. I have learned a lot of things from this course. Thanks.
Very helpful and userfriendly course to learn excel! Extremely useful!
It was a very good experience of learning Excel with Prashan and Niky.
A helpful class that gave me insights to better use of the Excel tools
Definitely take this course to learn so many things that Excel can do!
Excellent review course to refresh your knowledge and gain new skills.
Fantabulous teaching and breakup of the course are absolutely perfect.
One of the best Course I have ever come across for Excel . Thanks Team
Very grounded and simplified to make one master his skills efficiently
It's a great course designed perfectly for the beginners. Best Wishes.
It was awesome and i have now more skills in MS EXCEL Thanks Coursera.
The explanations were very clear. The desired knowledge were obtained.
Wonderful course because show us the core of excel - the fundamentals.
Excellent presentation and well tutored. Was really very very helpful.
Excellent course for quickly and easily learning the basics of Excel!!
It was awesome course. Thanks for taking me through the world of Excel
Great program and easy to balance with work and other responsibilities
Very helpful and informative for someone who is unfamiliar with excel.
Excellent videos and worksheets to practice. Thanks for everything :)
It's just awesome!! Sean is now confident with his EXCEL skills, LOL!
Excellent course.  Thank you Coursera and 
Macquarie Business School.
Nice course, i feel way more confident in my excel skills now. Thanks
Excellent course with easy steps to follow.  Good assignment session.
Really helpful to work at office with availed skills from this course
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, the instructors did a splendid job!
Good course with very nice instructions and incremental walkthroughs.
Excellent. Learned a bunch. Hope to complete the full specialization.
Awesome course Very detailed to those who are not introduced to excel
The Course is one of the best online courses I have ever come across.
Thanks coursera for systematical arranging the content of this course
Really excellent course content, presentation as well as exam system.
Excellent instruction.  Appropriate lesson and practice test balance.
This has been the most challenging and the most exciting course ever!
One of the most precise and beautifully drafted courses in the market
Very good course for beginners!Everyone must take this course.Cheers!
They taught us so systematically in this course. It is just Awesome!!
I audited the class as a refresher. Learned some new tips and tricks!
I enjoyed every bit of the learning process. I recommend this course.
Great course for everyone want to master all excel skills … Thanks :)
Great course! I refreshed all my knowledge about MS Excel. Thank you!
Good course for beginners to become familiar with Excel and practice.
Easy to learn and instructive course for learners of Excel essentials
Basic Essentials and Functionality is briefly covered in this course.
While it was very challenging, I did learn a lot. Thank You very much
It is a good class which provides the fundamental knowledge of Excel.
Excellent class to learn the basics. Can't wait to do Intermediate 1!
Loved it and will be taking the others to complete the certification.
ecellent cousre  for students and very good for practise. thank you!
This is the best course ever, useful for learning, its step by step.
It is really essential course with great instructors. Thanks a lot !
Thank you for this certificate.I have learned a lot on this course..
The structure was easy with great videos and tests. I liked it a lot
Absolutely blown away by the power of excel !!!A must-take course!!!
Very well tutorials & explained by the instructor. Glad to learn it.
Everything was really cleared and I could understand every  concept.
Nicely taught, the quizzes and assessments were brilliant and tricky
This has been a great course that improved on my knowledge of excel.
Perfect summary for everything you need to know to refresh your mind
I enjoyed a lot this course ! Very cool ! Hats off to the teachers !
Good explanation, nice videos and great accessibility to information
Have successfully completed course 1. The course is well structured.
I Learned Good THings,Seriously Keep it up .It is designed very well
Please opt for this course and explore the excel to its utmost part.
It is great experience to learn skills online on Coursera. Thank You
Excellent. Instructors are really good and quiz help gain confidence
It was a perfect course for beginners who are willing to learn excel
Great course, learned a lot of information in a short period of time
A Good explanation of each and every concept in a well informed way.
Very Student friendly.Loads of PracticeGood explanationsLoved it !!!
they teach in a way that you get attracted and learn in a proper way
The course was made keeping in mind for all kind of learner, thanks.
Excel is career booster nowadays. It will help in my actuary career.
Great material and great activities whichi help to make learning fun
Very helpful in real life. Professor taught very well. Thanks a lot.
Excellent and Detail oriented course. Thank You to both the mentors.
We were very happy at this session and the briefing was great
Thanks
Very good course with detailed explanation and rigorous assignments.
Great course.  Special Thanks to the tutors. Well organized Course.
This course really very helpfull for my career. thanks to coursera.
It was incredible course i really wanna thinks for this opportunity
This course is really help full to revise your basics excel skills.
Good activities, excellent teachers and an exceptional explanation.
The questions and instructions are clearly explained user
friendly.
Everything is Just WOW ! Thanks everybody who made this epic course
Very good, they teach the basics but very important things of Excel
Good course for beginners who want to learn Excel from the scratch.
Very well structured and detailed course to learn more about Excel!
the instructor is very clear and precise in each of their tutorials
They explained everything so simply. I have learned so many things.
It's a great course. I have learned many essential things on excel.
It is a relly great and usefull course, I loved it, thanks you all!
Never found an excel course as much engaging and clear! Congrats!!!
very good and new topics for various help to get the skill in excel
Contents/Videos/Instructor/The way it was presented - all are great
A great  course to learn the basics from Excel in a interactive way
Easiest and the most effective way to learn excel from the scratch.
I have learn lot of new thing by doing this course. Thanks for all.
Very good.  It needs a few ajustmenst for learning with Excel 2016.
Best course for Beginner. Actually now, Sean knows basics of Excel.
Very interesting and helpful course. Thank you for the opportunity!
It's a great course for learning ...I learnt a lot from this course
This course is great for people who want to get started with Excel.
The course gives an opportunity to revise your basics. Excellent !!
This course is excellent for those who are starting to learn Excel.
I really enjoyed the easily understandable explanations, thank you!
This course helped me to learn excel quickly and easily. Thank You!
Well structured, prepared, good tests to revise and check the gaps.
A great course for who want to learn Excel with no prior experience
An amaxing experience to remember and improve our skills in excel.
the course is excellent and the tutors were amazing in explanation
It improved may basic skills. Now I can use Excel more confidently
Basics have been covered in a neat way. Thank you for the efforts.
Highly informative, something that will really add to your skills.
it was helpful course well organized materials and teachers.thanks
Very good Course. It helped me to fill many black spots. Thank you
It was really helpful and structured. really easy to learn. thanks
Nice presentation and detail and clear explanation with good tests
This is one of the best course on Excel.Teaching is crystal clear.
I loved it so much, I improved some of my excel skills, ty so much
Best ever course that I've encountered so far. can't ask for more!
The course was well organized and it was very helpful to practice.
Very good format and curriculum. Easy to access, clear guidelines.
Excellent training lectures with a good number of practice sheets.
Best course , and how both have presented and  scheduled Thank You
Top Class For all beginners out there. Superb Explanation. Thanks.
I loved the training program and it was really tough but educative
Really a greate course to open up frontiers of excel for beginners
really well explained and taking it step by step quite interesting
Great course I learned so much more on how to use Exel. Thank you.
great course with teaching method is very nice, very easy to learn
Although this course is a little basic for me but I really learned
It was highly beneficial to learn basics of MS-Excel from Coursera
very useful course for those who wanted to learn excel from basics
The most user friendly course that I have ever followed! Thank you
Filling all my gaps and would likely to take the next level course
Awesome course instructor. It will help you surely. 100% Guarantee
Great pace, simple and clear instructions, learning a lot already.
Very Impressive and clear explanation would recommend to everybody
This course was a great!  Had a wonderful time learning the basics
It was an excellent course .. I really enjoy it and learned from i
Very great course to start learning all the ins and outs of Excel!
it's really helpful, rich content and enjoyable at the same time.
Excel teaching is very experience & goods knowledges. Thanks you.
This course really helps for understanding basic skills of excels
That course is very useful and effective for regular office work.
This course is excellent. And it very helpful for our future job.
THIS COURSE IS SIMPLY VERY GOOD. THE EXPLANATION IS SIMPLY SUPERB
Very useful course. I'm already looking forward to the next level
Never have i ever had so much fun learning something from scratch
Learned Perfectly.Excellent guideline.Loved this Course.Thank you
I must say, tutors for these courses are really best at teaching.
Excelent course. Very detailed, complete and easily comprehended.
A very good basic course. Would like to have the advanced version
Great course for beginners . I appreciate the course instructors.
Extremely Rigorous and helpful to learn the fundamentals of EXCEL
It is the best course for someone who is starting to learn Excel.
great work and high quality education material thank you so  much
Truly useful course for business daily op. thankful for Cousera!!
This course is very useful for beginners and is it really useful.
A very well explained course, with the needed amount of practice.
it is good for people do not have knowledge of excel this courses
Excel course was very useful and there is lot of things to learn.
never had more amazing experience learning something from scratch
It was really not easy, but up to the mark. Thank you everyone <3
Amazing and helpful course for the beginning and basics of Excel.
Very simple and straightforward way to cover all MS Excel Basics!
This course was extremely informational, I am so glad I attended!
the course has really helped me a lot in learning about the excel
Learned a lot from this course. I am really thankful to the team.
Excellent this course I loved it thanks for everything I learned
it was a worthy experience, I am so happy to finish this course.
Best course Compared to both online and offline I've taken ever.
i'd like to thank you guys for this awesome and fruitful course.
A good course to learn and test the basic ins and outs of excel!
This was just what I wanted---to learn Excel from the bottom up.
Great course! Clearly explained and excellent practice material!
Excellent quality of course material and well designed pedagogy.
This course makes excel basics very easy to learn and understand
A well structured course for learning Excel in an efficient way.
Is was an excellent course, the videos was amazing Thanks a lot.
This course is amazing. I enjoy this and learned so many things.
Best course that I have taken to date on either EDX or Coursera!
It was a great experience. I have learnt a lot of useful things.
it's truly great course and mentors instruction was very helpful
great job with every detail, I really want to thank your efforts
This is really help me to refresh my knowledge about basic excel
Very ncie course ! Prashant sir Rocks and Nicky Mam is fantastic
Excellent journey and the last exercise really drilled the mind.
Great course. Crystal clear explanations and very easy to follow
Beautifully explained material. Learning was so easy! Thank you!
A very good course! I learned a lot about Excel with so much fun
im so happy,,it is really a very helpful course in your carrier.
Fantastic. The way the honorable instructors teach is admirable.
The excel course is very informative to develop skills of excel.
impressive online learning course. thank you for the knowledge !
Thanks a lot. It will help me a lot and I will do all 4 courses.
It really means it. I have learned many things from this course.
This is a fundamental excel course needed for all professionals.
Great course, I learned all the essential functions that I need.
I really loved it. Thanks to Macquarie University. Thanks a lot!
It was an excellent course which explained the problems smoothly
The perfect starting place for someone who has never used excel!
Thanks admin! i am very happy to have passed the lesson. Thanks!
Covering all the basic aspects of Excel... highly recommended !!
Very nicely designed course with simple language explanations ;)
Excel is really smart! I had no idea it could do so many things!
I love it. It was much more than I expected. I've learned a lot.
Fantastic instruction! I learned new skills for sure. Thank you!
Amazing course and quiz series, forces you to learn. Recommended
very good course, especially test exercise. Thanks for all staff
Everything was explained very well throughout each week. Thanks!
i have enjoyed this course very much , learned a lot new stuff .
ITS REALLY GOOD AND MADE INTERESTING TO LEARN EXCEL IN EASY WAY
good course for getting familiar with microsoft excels features
Very Good Teaching Methods and Technique and deep understanding
it was really helpful and amazing  technique to learn this way.
It was a really very much helpful and effective course for me..
The course gives you brief idea about Excel charts and formulas
Very thorough, easy to understand. Perfect for new Excel users.
Very informative. I really enjoyed the content and the lessons.
Simple to follow and very clear, thank you for a lovely course.
Very well explained! great instructors and excellent use cases!
Thanks courcera to provide such a useful course and effectively
I'm so grateful to have been able to avail this amazing course!
This course is a long cherished excel course for the beginners.
very insightful and good content, this course is really helpful
Presentation and selection of material to be taught is perfect.
It was a nice experience learning in this. Learned many things.
Able to learn all basic concepts and boost the skills in excel.
Really great and comprehensive course for the Excel essentials.
This course has really increased my confidence more than before
It was good learning from this Coursera is so and understanding
Very useful, The way of teaching assessment is great. Thank You
This course is awesome, easy comprehension, exceptional didatic
It is a good course, really easy to follow and you learn a lot!
Best course to start learning from a very basic and in easy way
This course is perfect for learning some skills on Excel from 0
Very good and helping course..Learned a lot of thing..thanks...
It covered almost every basics required by a business in Excel!
The teaching method is a very effective and well-known faculty.
great learning....with no pressure at all....it went soo smooth
Coursera is awesome for learning. I learned and retained a lot!
Great course for learning all the required essentials of Excel.
I learnt a Lot form this CourseAnd A very Great Teaching Method
Really easy to understand everything, the ninja tips are great!
It is very useful to me by your videos and explanations. Superb
Everyone say wow ;) I started feeling confident in Excel now :)
Very useful, easy to follow, and I really like the instructors!
Loved it thoroughly .. got good essential knowledge of Excel !!
very good course for beginers and teaches you a lot about excel
Eye-opening, Brain teasing.  I enjoyed the tutoring, Fantastic!
The course is very interesting  for the otherwise dull subject.
Excellent course, I would definitely continue with this program
Excellent skill course for those  who did not know about excel.
Amazing course with detailed instructions and good assignments.
Its a great course to learn all the basics of Microsoft Excel.
Very informative and interesting to explore the power of excel
Best option how to learn the basis of excel! Highly recommend!
it's the best excel course everrrrr, thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuu <3
very easy to grasp and learn. concepts are Clearly explained .
It was really interesting, and i learned many practical things
Excellent display of the course, very clear and comprehensive.
Great course and great chance for us to improve our knowledge.
excellent course hope it will be useful for me in my workplace
Excellent set of information and very well delivered training.
well prepeared practises and smooth explanation. Great course.
it is an amazing course. I have learned a lot from this course
Excellent and simple explanations to build solid foundamentals
It's a well done course. I learned a lot. Thank you very much!
Want to practice more. Want to continue with the other courses
This is a marvelous course.  I gained lot of things. thank you
Good Teaching and explanations. Very good tests and assesments
Learnt a lot of new things in Excel which I never knew before.
Video tutorial and exercises are upto mark..!! Appreciated..!!
amazing guys....nicky ...you were great and prashn was no less
It is a good experience with all the instructor of this course
Thank you so much for explaining the minute options so clearly
Very  Well designed course. This Makes me confident  in excel,
It  teach us unique way, and practice materials are very good.
Brilliant course, Prashan and Nikki made my journey enriching!
Awesome course. Thank you for making this course so enjoyable.
Excellent course!! Really I learnt a lot with hands on skills.
i have learned a lot from this course from basic to high level
Great course with a step by step guide for many usefull areas.
Excellent Teacher's Teaching in Very Easy Way with Perfection.
Very informative and detailed, with lots of practice exercise.
I have learned many ideas from this course. Thank You Corsera.
I was able to learn Excel which is more required for my future
Mind-blowing Content! Super Job.Lucid explanation, I loved it!
Excellent loved it, looking forward for other courses as well.
excellent course. It has been designed in a really goog d way.
Learned a lot of things that will help me to do my task easily
Really good content and the concepts were taught very clearly.
The course it's very helpful to structure the basics of Excel.
Beautifully structured course. Well done Macquarie University.
Magnificent Course.I highly recommend this course to everyone.
A great starting place to refresh or start your excel journey.
no reason to give less than 5 star . great way to learn excel.
Clear and crisp...to the point!  Well done, pl. keep this up:)
Great Course to improvement of business skills! I recommend it
these courses are really good to help you grow in your career
The course is really helpful and starts with the very basics.
Very good course, you can easily learn throughout the course.
Been using Excel for 20 years and still learned a few things.
Amazing Course for the beginners in Excel.highly recommended!
EXCELLENT COURSE. NICKEY IS JUST WONDERFUL IN HER EXPLANATION
This course is excellent. The topics are very well explained.
This course really helped me a lot , I do recommand it to you
A course essential for the people who want to excel the EXCEL
Very simple teaching technique and give an excellent practice
Awesome course in a word, I have learned Many unknown things.
I learned a lots, mostly on the creation report how its looks
I build a great foundation in Excel after finish that course.
Teaches mostly the basics like formatting and simple formulas
it was amazing course with an amazing informationthanks a lot
Great into to the basics. Looking forward to the next course.
To learn or  refresh your excel basic, easy and quick course.
Excellent teaching skills. Really loved it. Thankyou so much.
its a very good course for beginners who want to learn excel.
Very clear and informative! Able to complete at your own pace
It's a great experience learning this skill through coursera.
I love this course because i learned many things about Excel.
Great Course for Beginners to learn fundamentals Of MS Office
I had a lot of fun and i was excited to finish it Thanks alot
Helpful material! Refresh and strengthened my excel skills!!!
really helpful course and great explanation by the instructor
wonderful , I`m so lucky to join this training , thanks a lot
very useful course with excercises and comprehensive lectures
Very easy to follow, and I actually retained the information.
Good introductory course. Very simple and easy to understand.
well organized. i learned a lot doing the challenge exercises
One of the best course I've found to learn basic essentials.
Such a great course and extremely helpful! Highly recommend!
This is a very good course to master some basic excel skills
Excellent course. I learned useful skills for every workday.
I'm amazed of how easy and very useful it was. thank you all
it is so simple and the explanation is easy to be understood
good course for basic consepts teaching was also quaite good
Thanks for the insight, i learn so much. Thank u Very Much!!
thank you for allowing me to do this in depth awesome course
Nice Experience and Thanks to all for teaching Excel Easily.
This is a great course to improve upon and learn new skills.
good course it really helped me to learn essentials of excel
This Course gives a complete knowledge of Excel for Business
Excellent course structure. Very easy to understand concepts
I learnt a lot of small things that will help in my everyday
Very useful...their way of teaching is easily understandable
The course was wonderfully designed and executed. Thank you!
Great Course For Beginner's . Learned Alot and It Was Great.
simple,easy to understand, a must course and very effective!
Course is very well trimmed along with good content delivery
The course will force you to practise no matter what you do.
Great course to get started with Excel. Highly recommend it.
Great course, it builds the foundation of your excel skills.
A well structured course to strengthen up your excel basics.
Able to learn the shortcuts through this course.Quite useful
This course is excellent, everything was very well explained
This is one of the best course to learn excel For beginners.
this course will help you to improve your knowledge in excel
It was excellent course and it was very comfortable to learn
an excellent course which gives you the real work experience
What a beautifully structured learning experience. Loved it.
very good course helped a lot in learning basic excel skills
This was a top class tutirial on excel.  I loved it so much.
This was one of the most fun learning I have had with excel.
Very good course for getting a holistic exposure of MS Excel
i did appreciate really the methodology used in this course!
Excellent course, well-designed, well paced, easy to follow.
This helps me a lot with work and assignments at university.
Simply Amazing teaching. So glad that I took up this course.
Excellent course . I thought I knew Excel but I learnt a lot
Very useful for refreshing old stuff and learn some cool new
Very well detailed course, shortcut tricks are very useful.
Excellent course I loved it from the start to the endThanks
Gives many trivia about basic excel i've never known before
Awesome course, this will give you the essentials you need.
Very depth course with an excellent pedagogy.  Recommended.
very interesting and im very understand with excel material
For a Beginners in excel, here is the breakthrough course!.
very useful Excel skills which are often used in daily work
The course helps me improve Excel skill. It's very helpful.
Excelent to discover faster ways of doing basic excel work.
'A great learning oppourtunity. Every video is informative.
Excellent course for beginners! The instructors are amazing
I found this course really helpful and interesting as well.
Excellent course now will futher move on to intermediate 1.
Very effective & helpful course for students like me.😘👌👍
assignments are designed very well and i love the tutor too
Detailed explanation and the teachers made it easy to learn
Method of conducting the course & evaluating it is awesome!
Excellent videos and study material. It enhance the skills.
It was a very productive course. I learned so much from it.
Great for beginners, an essential for high school students.
Truly an enlightening course and enriched my skills a lot .
Amazing Course.I learned lot of things through this course.
really i love coursera  so much  thank you so much coursera
Excellent Starter Certificate for Excel Skills for Business
This was a great refresher course to brush up on your skill
Extremely useful, Excellent information format. Many thanks
it gave a good platform to learn am glad i took the course.
I learned a lot with this course.It was a great experience.
very very awsome cousre and very helpful for excel leaners.
Very detailed and clear explanations. Keep up the good work
Very nice course. Learned a lot and a pleasant teaching way
Well structured  and useful courseThanks to Nikki & Prashan
This course is really awesome and informative for beginners
Super!!! Reached the  success after 2 times at Final Test))
Awesome experience, i really learnt a lot from this course.
very good courseThank you very mushreally I love austrailla
Excellent course to introduce to Excel. Ninja ips are great
Clear and user friendly. I'm finding this course so useful.
I learned a lot about excel. This course is really helpful
very well explained followed by relevant practice material
Practice makes permanent! Thanks for the awesome course :)
Excellent course! They teach very useful and powerful tool
Very useful and effective way of learning excel essentials
Excellent way of teaching concepts. Easily understandable.
Awesome Course and now I feel very comfortable with excel.
very well taught by instructor,,clear with lots of example
It was self paced just as I wanted. Easy to understand too
Great course. Learned a lot of new things. Great Lectures.
Very helpful. I think this course is helpful for everyone.
Excellent, easy to follow, go at your own pace curriculum!
Really interesting and completed contend. Congratulations.
Very very effective course with mind-blowing instructions.
Great course, really useful for first time users of excel.
Great lecture for mastering essential business excel skill
Thanks for your great effort! This course is amazing!!!!!!
This course has really helped me to learn better IN Excel.
Well Explained and course design is perfect for a beginner
Very good information and exercises for working with Excel
The videos help a lot and even the workbook covers all the
briliant for beginers. everyone says wow to the instructor
The first course I enjoyed enough to actually complete it!
Excellent, One of the best course I have Done on coursera.
This course really made me learned the essentials of Excel
please review last assessment document. it has alot errors
Well-tailored for both experienced users and new learners.
excellent course. No chance of negligence or skip anything
Very helpful especially if you're looking for a refresher!
I've enjoyed the course and really learned new skills, Tha
This is my first course, and it's amazing. Realy enjoying.
Great course include all the basics that one need in excel
I highly liked this course and want to learn more and more
Very good approach on Excel basics. Learned a lot. Thanks.
I liked the course. I learned a lot about Excel 2016 here!
Highly Interactive course, provides enriching perspective.
This Excel course was very helpful . Thank You both of You
A helpful course for a beginner to have command over excel
Ideal for both beginners and advanced excel users to recap
Excellent Instruction, Nice hands on practical experience
Such an in depth course, it really covers the essentials!
Course is very effective. I highly recommend this course.
A really good option for people that are new using excel.
Excellent Course about Excel skills for all applications.
Brief but holistic introductory on excel essential tools.
excellent course structure and you can easily understand.
Nicely Design the Course that may truly help you to learn
I had a very nice experience learning the basics of Excel
Amazing Course to learn Excel from the very beginning.!!!
It has been an amazing 6weeks. The tutors were excellent!
Great course, really usefull if you are starting at excel
Great course. Learned many valuable and practical skills.
Just amazing..I'm very anxiously to start the next course
I learn so much in this courses, the profit are magnifics
Its really helpful for me to gain more knowledge in excel
So organized and so much learnable course. I appreciate !
Very elaborate. Correctly paced. Lots of examples present
It was a great pleasure to learn Excel Skills in Cousera.
Great course! It covers a lot of important parts in Excel
Excellent work is done by the team. Comprehensive course.
It was Excellent, very explanatory and easy to comprehend
its fantastic!thankyou coursera, awesome way of teaching.
I've learned so much for this course. Thank you for this!
Excellent and very useful course! Definitely recommended!
It was a very complete introduction to the world of excel
The course helps beginners to know basic skills in Excel.
It's a good experience  with that course. thanks for this
Best opportunity for learning Excel Thanks for Everything
Detailed real time explanations. Challenging assignments.
very useful course.....Must do to make your basics strong
Great !!. Now I am going for next course with Macquarie..
Excellent Course content with interactive video sessions.
A very refreshing course even for experienced Excel user!
it's very nice and easy learning with awesome instructor.
This course give me a right path to walk in excel world .
this course is so amazing.even a layman could learn excel
Great, very fluid and well explained. Pleasant to follow.
This course definitely helped me improve my excel skills!
The best course in coursera to learn about excel skills.
I enjoy the course and it is very good course .Thank you
A VERY MUCH NEEDED COURSE. A VERY IMPORTANT ONE. THANKS!
Great course and videos and exercises are easy to follow
It was saying, for beginner, but learned a lot of things
i like the way I was taught.appreciate mentors' efforts.
Coursera is such an excellent platform for the beginner.
I was a really nice experienced to learn microsoft Excel
Wonderfull, i really learn abou excel in this few weeks.
Worth it. Very amazing to know about such tools o excel.
Excellent Course to provide a solid foundation in Excel.
taught in a very easy way and exercises are very helpful
This was a fantastic course. I really enjoyed very much.
its interesting to know about several functions in excel
A good Start for beginner. The way of teaching was nice.
A really awesome class, Thank you for the amazing course
Great way to start... I'm very pleased with this course.
It was amazing! Excel was not that easy ever before!! :D
enjoyed and learned a lot ...easy and simple explanation
This is one of the best course to learn Microsoft Excel.
it was easy and I like how organisers present the course
The usage of Excel in Digital ART was really interesting
this course helped me to learn many new things in excel.
very well explained and the sample workbook helped a lot
it's a great opportunity to develop in Excel from basic.
it is great course i learn more skills from it in excell
A basic training that every business member has to have.
Very good course for some one need to learn Excel basics
This course really helped me alot to learn about  excel.
I like this course because it builds the basic of excel.
Really an excellent course for the beginners! Must to do
Great intro into Excel, recommend to complete beginners.
Amazing!!!!!! Highly recommend! Not feeling lost anymore
Nice course has a lot of key notes to use excel smoothly
Fantastic course all business professionals should take!
Thank you coursera for providing such an amazing course.
good course for excel beginners and also for re learning
Great course, i have learned many great tricks and tips!
This course has provided excellent basic skills of Excel
very good information , I advice every one to attend it.
Very Powerful Course i recommend to every one interested
very helpful course for learning the basics of MS EXCEL
Excellent course, very good explanations and practices!
Very much informative and helpful from my point of view
Rigorous, Amazing informative course ! High reccomended
Excellent! Loved the printing module. Really necessary.
This course is very nice! I have learned a lot from it.
Wonderful course with complete step by step explanation
Really Good course and all the essentials are covered!!
The Instructors were excellent in presenting the materi
The Professors made it really simple and interesting :)
Loved the course. Learned a lot of details about Excel.
learned alot!!!! really happy, good notes good lecture!
It was one of the best course I have done on courseera.
Excellent course , very interactive and detailed Course
Excellent tips and tricks for a basic know how of excel
It is useful for me, I learn from the basic , Thank you
Great course to start familiarizing yourself with Excel
Amazing Course, made a tremendous addition to my skills
It was an amazing experience. Thanks to the entire team
Iit was really helpfull to me i would like to thank all
really help me to understand basics and do work fastly.
Appreciate the great teaching methods and a lot of fun.
Enjoyed the course it was challenging and learned a lot
Perfect course for beginners to get started with Excel.
EXCELLENT COURSE!!MY HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION TO EVERYONE
This is a best course if you have no knowledge of excel
Very useful course to obtain essential skills for excel
Basic  excel skill well explained and gauged propoerly.
Its really amazing, i have learned a lot about MS Excel
Fantastic skills development course for Microsoft Excel
I am very thankful to you for providing me this course.
Team! thanks for the excellent ,crisp coaching and test
I found this to be an informative introductory course.
So informative and student-friendly lessons. Thank you
It is really beneficial, learned a lot from the course
The informative and easiest one. Glad to be certified.
Very easy to follow; excellent for absolute beginners.
Enables you to learn from the scratch. really helpful.
Very useful! Well explained and excellent for rookies.
Very important and useful course. Thank you very much!
GREAT WORK FROM PRASHANTH AND NICKIE THE CO ORDINATORS
All the basic excel information was given. Nice course
very nice course and detailed explanation about tools.
Thank you, it's really helpful. I became ZERO to HERO.
Very helpful and informative.. Very good structuring..
such a interesting course and lots of things to learn.
Very helpful to grasp the must-know features of Excel!
It was a great course for learning. I enjoyed my time.
Excellent, the best Excel course I've made until now!!
A Great Course to learn Excel/Spreadsheet Essentaials.
the videos are very helpful, easy to undersand and fun
Great Lessons ! Definitely recommended for a beginner.
Concepts clearly explained , well managed , not boring
Great Education Opportunity, Excellent Teaching Skills
Excellent course to understand and cope up with excel.
Amazing course that I have found to be very beneficial
Highly Recommended to fill the gaps. Fun learning too!
Very helpful course, and easy-to-understand materials.
Steps of teaching were all formed and well commnicated
The best basic Excel course I have ever taken. Thanks.
Extremely insightful course, especially for beginners.
Very helpful - knew most of it until we got to charts.
This course is wa so fun and has many positive impacts
Excellent course, easy to follow and amazing learning!
Really good course to make the basics of Excel strong.
Excellent course for Excel Essentials. Very organized.
Very helpfull and full of tips-N-tricks you will need!
Very good course with nice examples and illustrations.
there are a lot of skills that you may miss or forgot.
If you are new to excel, best course to learn basics.
Wonderful coarse with easy and step by step guidance.
Its a good start for a beginner!..Got to learn a lot!
Very easy to follow, two wonderful tutors. Thank you.
I get to know all the basic Excel skills through thid
Very useful course. I've learnt a lot in this course.
overall experience was great and was very informative
Good course with sufficient information for beginners
Good Course.  I learnt excel charts and calculations.
I found it really nice and dynamic, and learnt a lot.
it was Great Journey with this course .. Great One ..
The course was full of practical hands on experience.
awesome experience . Learnt a lot through this jouney
Wonderful Course offered by the Macquarie University.
The best fundamental course of excel.Really Loved it.
this is fantastic course with lot of practice session
This course is a good one! Thanks to the Instructors.
Very thorough and useful. Would definitely recommend!
This is a great course to get comfortable with excel!
Truly interesting way of learning the subject. Thanks
The shortcuts are so good they are not even on Google
It was Excellent to Learn the Excel Busiiness skills.
I like the way of teaching, it is easy to understand.
Great class! Very informative and excellent teachers.
i am new for Excel and i learn lot from this .Thanks!
Excellent course work... easy to understand and excel
Excellent Teaching  methodology with practice & quiz.
Thank you to everyone who prepared this great course.
Highly interactive and structured learning materials!
High-quality content and an amazing learning journey.
Exceptional CourseVery good for the beginnersloved it
Excellent course for EXCEL beginners. Nice Experience
Great Course; really brushed up my basic excel skill.
Best instructors, great demonstration and discussion.
Very well designed course. Learned a lot about Excel.
You get exposure to a lot of excel untouched features
Very good explanations and step by step instructions.
Every video explained in detail and very interactive.
Awesome course... Good Teachers, Good Sheet, perfect.
Its so beneficial and challanging thanks much to all.
One of the Best course I have ever take from coursera
Excellent course showing some of the basics of Excel.
It was amazing sessions and also very knowledgeable.
This is really a nice course for working profession.
That was the great experience. Thanks for everything
Well explained videos with nice practice challenges.
Amazing experience ... looking forward to learn more
very nice course i have learnt alot from this course
Excel learining was excellent and was in very simple
Thank you for give me a chance for this great course
It was a great experience learning excel. Thank You.
I couldn't ask for a better starter course on Excel.
i have learned like a pro in this course about excel
Excellent Learning Experience! Thank you, Professor.
Perfectly designed course for a clear understanding.
I love this course, very helpful and learnt so much.
Great one for beginners!!!! But a lot of quizzes ,,,
The course boosted my excel knowledge, thanks a lot!
Many tools that I just knew after taking this course
absolutely the best course for real time practices:)
This course was awesome, learnt a lot of new things.
That's very helpful to get A-Z of excel informations
Amazing Tutorials. Looking forward to Intermediate I
Nicky and Prashan are the best teachers. Excel Rocks
i have learned alot of new things i love this course
Awesome Excel course for beginners. Worth taking it.
i learned so many things in excel.Thank you so much!
Recommended course for skill development in MS Excel
Amazing Course looking forward to the next chapter!!
Very Helpful and would recommend others to try this.
This course is very useful and practical. Thank you!
Excellent course, gained a lot of skills in no time.
Great course ,,, I learn from it too many skills ...
Great overview of Excel and they teach it very well.
The training has been very professional and helpful.
I have learned a lot, very useful Course. Thank you!
Great course, great instructor. I loved the journey.
Very Beautifully explained and good assessment tests
So helpful and easy to follow. Thank you Coursesera!
very helpful course and assignment quiz is very good
An awesome course to learn the foundations of Excel!
Excellent course method and structure for beginners!
This course is brilliantly structured for beginners.
very well designed and informative course. loved it.
A fabulous course handled by excellent facilitators!
Course  was very great.I recommend it to all of you.
Great course along with practice material and tests.
Very Nicely Guided which also gives hand on practice
Good, back to basics program. Or from the ground up.
Excellent platform to easily learn Excel. Five stars
i learn many thing in excel that i don't know before
Easy to learn . Very much recommended for beginners.
This course contain the basic that you have to know.
It is very practical and a funny way to learn excel.
Great information! Definitely recommend this course!
very informative and build you Excel skill correctly
Really useful, explanations and exercises are great!
this course helped me to develop the required skills
Great for people with little to no excel experience.
It's very useful course to increase excel knowledge
well explained and well exicuted course, loved it .
very interesting and helpful. Enjoyed a lot. Thanks
the course is easy to understand and easy to follow
It's easy to understand , everything is very clear.
It´s design is practical for learning. Good course.
It was really an amazing course for Excel beginners
excellent and easy, just like everything should be.
A great course with nicely designed all the topics.
Excellent Course for beginners who never used Excel
Very well made! Easy to follow, clear, descriptive.
Nice platform to learn excel.I want to learn more!!
Learnt a ton of things about excel, really grateful
it is a full package of knowledge and basic skills.
Great, you can learn and improve your excel Skills.
It is an excellent course, I recommend it. Regards!
it was a great experience learning with the coaches
easy to catch; useful skills ; nice teaching method
If U want to learn Excel, just enroll it right now.
It was really nice training and I enjoyed doing it.
Great refresher after using older versions of excel
Superb explanation and 100% understanding of theory
excellent course, well explained by the instructors
It was an incredible journey. It's really worth it.
It was well structured and helped me improve a  lot
so many great examples ans simplified explanation .
helpful,easy learning,useful examples and materials
VERY INSTRESTED EASILY GOT MESSAGE FROM THIS COURSE
wonderful course , i recommend to all professionals
This is the best course that I studied on Coursera.
Its very wonderful experience to learn in coursera.
It was very well structured and easy to understand.
Very Nice. Best opportunity to improve excel skill.
very helpful in teaching me the essentials of excel
it's a great course got to learn a lot about excel.
Very helpful and easy to understand the full course
This course has given me a basic knowledge of Excel
A very great experience. Learned a lot about Excel.
Very well taught. Good practice exercises and tests
Very well structure, easy to understand and useful!
it's  was one of my wonderful experience of my life
Excellent basic course. I'll continue the progress.
Good Course to learn Beginner Essentials for Excel.
Excellent hands-on training on Excel spreadsheets!!
I have learned very good skills in how to use Excel
Its amazing to study through MOOC'swont be the last
Great overview; even for experienced practitioners.
Really well organized and sufficiently interactive.
excellent course...enjoyed every step. gr8 teaching
Excellant course for beginners!!! Great Learning :)
Excellent course! Very educational and explanatory!
Excellent course and fantastic learning experience.
it is nice platform to explore for fresher student
Very good. enjoyed improving my knowledge of Excel
Great Course even if you already know these skills
It's a very great course, thanks to the instructor
SUCH A BEAUTIFUL AND HELPFULL COURSE FOR BEGINNERS
It is a very good structured and practical course.
This course is excellent, I highly recommend it !!
Excellent and Encouraging course for a kick-start.
amazing and interactive plus very very interesting
quite Helpful with essential excel skills for work
A valuable course according to the demand of time.
Easy to Understand Every thing, Very useful for me
Overall, this course is really helpful. Thank you!
It is a course that helps your professional growth
this course was very helpful in working with excel
The Lecturer is excellent in explaining the course
Excellent course to practice and learn basic stuff
This course is very useful. Thank you very much :)
Great. The lecture is very detailed for beginners.
Pretty awesome and entertaining course, well done!
You can't expect anything better than this course.
Exceptionally useful course !! Great for beginners
This is one of the best course offered by Coursera
It was so beautiful and a great platform to study.
Lots of good things to learn as a intern.thank you
Excellent course to learn MS Excel from scratch !!
Very well structured with Excellent explanation..!
It helped me in so many ways. Thank you very much.
A nice course for the learner. Easy but effective.
THANK YOU TO COURSERA I LEARN A LOT ABOUT IN EXCEL
The course was worth every minute and every penny!
Well paced and full of examples and practice sets.
Very basic but useful course for daily activities.
This has been really exciting and i learnt so much
Very interesting course to get started with excel!
it was good, and the assignments are good and hard
This course exactly helped me so much! Thank you !
Best place to start learning Excel from beginning.
This is such a wonderful course. thank you so much
This course gives us the basic knowledge on Excel.
Interesting course to learn many new simple things
it was a great teaching... Thanks for the training
Excellent Exercises,Great Explanation,Very Helpful
really helping me refresh and practice new things.
If you are new to excel this is the course for you
Good, basic though will have to take the next one.
The course was fantastically designed and executed
Thanks for being help me to learn Microsoft Excel.
it's so good !! the course hlep me a lot .5 point.
you are the best in the world
thanks from my heart
Useful and fun course.  Very responsive staff too.
(Excel)lent course - thanks to all those involved.
Very fine way of obtaining knowledge about Excel.
It is very Interest in doing this coursera course
This was an excellent learning opportunity for me
Most difficult course I have ever done in my life
That was amazing course . I have benefited a lot.
It's an excellent and useful course for beginners
Excellent course to kick start off learning Excel
This was a nice course for any beginner in excel.
Wonderful explanation by both the resource person
Perfect one. Very helpful with lots of practices.
My confidence with Excel is definitely improving.
Thanks for teaching me how to use microsoft excel
Awesome I've learned a lot!!! Thank you so much!!
the best course for beginners.. great instructors
Very helpful course to speed up one's excel skill
Course is great and I did learned several things.
Excellently designed course with basics knowledge
Good course, nice classes and practical examples.
GreatGot to learn Enough from which i was unaware
Amazing content and easy to learn! Thanks so much
a very good course to start learning excel skills
Very organized video lectures ,Reading materials.
this course made excel learning very easy for me.
Excellent Resources and the teachers are fabulous
Very informative course for quick & easy learning
Excellent course for learning the basics of Excel
Great Introductory Course to fill in the gaps! :)
An excellent introduction to key skills in excel!
Perfect course.I really liked to take this course
Great platform to learn and to increase knowledge
Great teaching, enjoyed each and every excersise!
best course,leads you to learn excel at its best.
Excellent Course To Brush Up Basics Of MS Excel !
So much Happy, lots things I learn in this course
I learned a lot from this course. Many new things
This course teaches every basic thing about excel
very useful course for getting started with excel
Very good course. Will be taking next level soon.
Course is very interesting and easy to understand
Excellent Course.Thanks For Offering This Course.
Great visual and interactive learning experience.
Great teaching skills. Very useful for beginners.
I Love this course. It helps me for good platform
Very essential course. I learnt many more things.
good excel course overall. i learn so many point.
Good Class. I ll be taking more. I need the help!
readings are clear and helps a lot for beginners
Very good course for basic excel skill learning.
Very streamlined course. Had a fun experience :)
Informative, Crisp and Precise course structure.
The Course is structured well and Comprehensive.
best organized course so far. so much assesments
Excellent! Simple, easy to follow but it worked!
i loved it . will go for the other 2 levels also
Undoubtedly the best Course Of Excel On Coursera
The explanations are very easily understandable.
Great course! Helps clear all basics and doubts.
A good way of teaching and easily understandable
Simply Explained, Excellent Tips and Assessments
It was great to learn about the basics of Excel.
Amazing and a very simple approach of teaching:)
Exceptional. It is a course made to really learn
Nice Course for everyone specially for beginner.
Very detailed and having a clear teaching format
I wish all the practice questions were together.
Excellent course with very in-depth explanation.
thank you all. I learned a lot from this course.
This course in really great. I've  learnt a lot.
Good course with nice explanation by the faculty
An amazing Microsoft Excel course for beginners.
Thank you for offering such an insightful course
Course was great, learned a lot of useful things
Amazing course for Beginners! Highly recommended
The best course to learn everything about Excel.
outstanding course.. especially for the beginner
Clear , easy and beautiful explaining. thank you
The training is great! I thought I knew more tha
Have a Fun With Excel. You all guys are amazing.
Best course for excel with detailed explaination
i loved the course it enhanced my excel skills .
Exceptional course. Will deliver what it claims.
The best instructors anyone could ever ask for !
Absolutely amazing, got to learn alot of things.
A good course to learn just the basics of Excel.
I learned awesome new skills from this course!!!
Do videos including android excel tools oriented
Great course. Very easy to learn in this format.
Very detailed and thorough!! Beginner-friendly!!
Enjoyed the leaning, highly interactive contents
Great and easy learning framework of the course.
Very useful, practical, and user-friendly course
Great overview and some challenging assignments!
Great Course, Thanks very much for your effort !
The course is extremely clear and very practical
Excellent! Easy to understand and very thorough.
Nice course, Improved my hand working in Excel.
I have learn so many things in Excel. Thank you
It is a brillant course!!!!!! I recommend it...
excellent explanation from the course incharge.
Lovely Course making Excel very easily to learn
Great teachers and the best learning materials!
very good and very practical to learn the excel
Simple, well arranged with fruitful information
Amazing! The best Excel course I've ever taken.
Great to really hammer down those basic skills.
I have learned many things in this excel course
Amazing Course Structure for Basic Excel Skills
EXCELLENT. Worth the study. Thank you Coursera.
very interesting course and too much to learn .
A great opportunity to hone the existing skills
Learned a lot. Great
Course. Thank you so much.
excellent course,  easly understandable classes
Thank you for this great and empowering course.
It was informative with a good course material.
Nice course to refresh your fundamental skills.
Great Coarse and very excited on its completion
its really help mi in my profession and my life
This has helped me to fine tune my excel skills
Good course, covers all basic elements of excel
This is a good course for practice excel skills
A perfect start and a wonderful course in excel
Very Helpful.  I wish there was more exercises.
Fun and easy to learn.  Practicle applications!
Very good course, I learned many of new things.
Excellent course. Really helpful for beginners.
Its amazing how in 2 weeks i learned this much!
Very good course for solid foundations on excel
great pace, well explained, useful basic skills
Great course for both new learner and reviewer.
An excellent way to get comfortable with excel.
It's great and very helpful for learning Excel.
It helped me build a solid foundation in Excel.
The best online Excel Class I have ever taken.
Very practical and easy to understand lessons!
it was excellent experience learning with you.
Very useful course. I can warmly recommend it.
it is very easy to navigate around, i love it.
very helpful and skillful course for biginners
Great Course with direct examples and practice
Very Useful Course.Thanks Macquarie University
It is really a good course for the excel sheet
Most interactive and practical course to learn
Excellent step by step learning and assessment
An excellent online course. I really liked it.
great way of learning and practicing alongside
it was awesome learning throughout the course.
I loved this course! It's amazing for everyone
really nice for me to improve my Excel skills!
Great Basic course! Really easy and enjoyable.
Great Course to understand the Basics of Excel
Great course! Looking forward to the next one.
The most thing I happy with did it 5 years ago
Very good course and very nicely taught..!! :)
amazing course , very challenging but worth it
Very very talented and smart faculty are here.
Best Course for Beginners. Totally loved it !!
Thank you for this informative &helpful course
Congrats!!! Excelent experience e knowledge!!!
LOVE YOU BOTH NICKY AND PRASHANT !!! THANK YOU
very fortunate enough to go through the course
Nice and easy course to learn basic of Excel!!
thank u so much for such a nice course love it
The instructor's way of teaching was Awesome!!
Learn So much new things in basic excel skills
Exceptional teaching! Loved every bit of it :)
Really i have learn this course a lot of many.
Excellent course to learn the basics of Excel.
Very Much Essential Course For Excel Begineers
very nice and well designed course. I loved It
This is a very useful course to add to your CV
Excellent course and the mentors are awesome .
Very well design course, thanks team coursera,
I feel so empowered and proficient with excel!
Excellent Practice Material...Truly worth it!!
Best course for Excel basic and easy to learn.
Good content that is well presented. Good job!
Many thanks that's was very helpful and valued
A very good course one can take to learn excel
Best beginner level course for Microsoft excel
Great course to begin with excel fundamentals!
it was a great course, Big thanks to Coursera!
Quite well demonstrated and easy to understand
It is the best course for all , I recomend it
Excelent course! I learned so mucu with that.
Great Course To learn Excel at Beginner Level
Great Course !!! Hats off to the instructors.
Excellent course for learning the essentials!
Great course to refine and organize my skills
it is a great course especially for beginners
The best online course I have ever been used.
Nice course to start learning Microsoft Excel
The process of teaching is very simple & easy
IF THERE ARE MORE STARS I WILL GIVE THEM ALSO
Had a wonderful time while having this course
Great for beginers in excel, i learn to much!
very good course and explained well in detail
shawn had learned a lot. thank you very much.
It was very initiative and easy to understand
i recommend anyone with this excellent course
Excellent course with well explained. Thanks.
Very nice presentation and practice sessions.
An essential course for beginners!! Thank you
amazing course and very professional teachers
Great course and the Instructors are awesome!
very nice and so interactif THANK YOU SO MUCH
fantastic course, was so simple to understand
I really appreciate learning Excel, Thank you
The Course is very useful and I enjoyed it!!!
The explanation was simply amazing. Thank You
The best course to start learning about excel
best excel course i have ever seen . loved it
Everything was well paced and well explained.
Easy to understand and brilliantly explained.
Comprehensive coverage and lucid explanation!
It is the best excel course I have done ever.
The classes where great and all the steps whe
Very good and easy to understand instructions
Thank you very much for the interesting study
This is an exceptional course to learn excel.
Easy to follow, a lot of real-world practice.
it is great value to me add a huge experience
one of the best experience during last 2 week
Good course for learners . Highly Recommended
Excellent Course, Very helpful for beginners.
Nice Course to get the first feeling of Excel
Great introductory course on Microsoft Excel!
Enjoyed it. Instructions are easy to  follow.
Very interractive, look forward to next level
Clearly made sorting excel sheets much faster
Instructor explained everything quite nicely.
Enjoyed it thoroughly. Very effective course!
Excellent course thanks a lot for your effort
great course for the beginners to learn Excel
Everything to secure your basic excel skills.
Its great , I wish i Can Finish the 4 Courses
This is a great refresher course. I liked it.
Excellent introduction to the power of excel.
A very helpful course for effective learners
extremely easy to follow, good for beginners
Awesome feeling after completing this course
A very good, interactive course about Excel.
A good course to learn everything with word.
wonderful course! learned very useful skills
Great experience with the great instructors.
Simple, good and very well explained course.
Very nicely presented and I enjoyed so much.
Very useful for learning the basics of excel
It Was amazing and It taught me many things.
Exceptional way of taking through the course
Great experience and a lot of new knowledge!
excelent course  covers every basic of excel
An excellent Course i have enjoyed it a lot.
WOW!!! This is really very helpful course!!!
A great course.....it was fun learning excel
excellent narration and giudance is awsome..
A very practical and Challenging Course ever
Fantastic, great teachers and awesome videos
Very good course. Learned many ins and outs.
An amazing course with well built structure.
It was difficult, but I learnt a lot! thanks
Well explanation and easy to follow through!
It's really easy and the quiz are daunting .
Very interesting learning methods, Thanks :)
Very helpful for beginners and intermediates
mind blowing explanation by tutor. thank you
The videos are short and impactful to learn.
Very nice and helpful course to learn Excel!
very informative and quite easily explained.
An efficient one to learn basic excel items.
Very helpful in learning basic Excel skills!
very informative and useful for work purpose
perfectly presented and explained with ease.
Very clear, easy to understand and practical
Such a great course, I have learned so much!
excellent video quality, teaching and notes.
It was an excellent course. it was engaging.
it was an excellent experience with coursera
Excelent course. Great material and methods.
It was so niice to learn with this course!!!
An extra ordinary way to learn..i got a more
It was great learning with the detailed cont
very nice course learn very new thing thanks
Excellent course. I learnt so many things .
Just wow. Thank you so much for this course
Excellent Course and good platform to learn
Wonderful course with amazing facilitators.
nice course and improve skill more and more
Informative, well explained and very useful
Excellent!!  I totally enjoyed this course.
The learning material is highly recommended
Lessons were easy to follow and learn from!
Excellent Training with Theory and Practice
Very powerful introductive course to Excel!
Excellent Course with EXCELLENT INSTRUCTORS
Wonderful course. It was worthy of my time.
Very Interesting....and Informative Course.
Great course. Very didadic and well taught.
A Really good start towards learning Excel.
very great and informative quick learn-able
It has been a new and wonderful experience.
I learned a lot from this course, thank you
A wonderful course.i understood everything.
Thnaks ..its very helpful for my future....
Very Simple and easy to learn for beginners
had great fun to during my learning process
It was great experience Learned many things
Amazing course! starts from the very basics
Explanation was made very clear and concise
Excellent course!  Learned a lot of things.
here from i learned to work in excel easily
Very nice course....perfect for a beginner.
Great course to learn basic things of Excel
Excellent instruction from the instructors.
Highly recommended for a start in the excel
Best platform to learn,explore about excel.
Excellent!Learnt Many Tricks and formulas..
Great videos and assignments! Really clear.
very good course to learn about basic excel
i just love the guideline of the instructor
Useful, practical and well worth the effort
Most helpful course in excel I've ever had!
It was a great learning . learned many this
Very nice course with excellent explanation
Great curse, easy to follow and interactive
Challenging and very informative. Loved it.
Was quite a good and worth while experience
Very useful professional easy to understand
Very helpful and easy to follow the course.
Amazing course!I've learned alot..Thank you
very useful course. I learned a great deal!
Excellent with capital letters!!! EXCELLENT
Very productive and helped to explore more.
Great course to understand basics of Excel.
Good system and program as well instructors
I enjoyed this course very much! Thank you!
Totally awesome course for newbie to excels
Simple theory, I think it's good for newbie
A great overview and introduction to Excel.
It's the best one to improve your skillls!
It was amazing i definitely learned a lot.
Is a great experience and wonderful course
Wonderfull experience. Fully Recommended!!
Excellent Course. Many New Things to learn
thank you coursera for this amazing course
A really enjoyable and instructive course!
my first final assessment,  awesome course
Ive learned more than i knew!.Thanks alot.
the course was well defined by instructors
Excellent Introduction for learning excel.
very transparent and a clear understanding
Very informative and challenging.Thank you
Amazing Practice Exercises and Assignments
so resourceful course for excel beginners.
Vert informative for the beginners. thanks
It is very informative and up to the marks
Best Course for acquiring skills for Excel
Best course whoever wants to dig in Excel!
Amazing! Thanks for this wonderful course!
Very nicely designed course for beginners.
Excellent course . Learned a lot of things
Basic Excel is explained in a nice manner.
I loved the course. It has many new things
Explained each concept in a very easy way.
Amazing,beneficial and easy to understand.
Learning this excel course ,its fun......!
Its great!!..no better way to learn excel.
I'm so happy with this course.. Good luck!
i learnt very easily in this course.Thanks
Excellent course, covered all basic stuffs
Excellent class, high quality instructors!
Best Excel learning course for beginners:)
Good course that gets you going with Excel
Great course. Learned so much about Excel.
Excellent Course! Learnt a lot! Thank you!
awesome tutors ..... 5 stars for macquarie
Excellent introduction, I learned a lot!!
The best course the begginnar can choose.
Insightful and a good learning experience
Very informative and knowledgable course!
Awesome teachers and their teaching style
Really informative and a wonderful course
Very refreshing and a well planned course
Worth Enrolling ! and Perfectly Explained
Good course to know about microsoft excel
I love it! Let's try and feel productive.
Excelent videos and very nice evaluations
Must have for every one. Beginners or not
Amazing faculties.Great course structure.
best ever course for beginners. MUST TRY.
It was very useful, quite easy to follow.
very well designed and interesting course
Wonderful Learning. Thanks to my teachers
it is quite good, in this lockdown period
i have updated my skilss from this course
Good Course structure and a lot to learn.
Very well structured course! Loved it :')
Excellent Experience with you. Thank You.
Excellent course!! Thoroughly explained!!
very good course, it clear all my doubts.
The method of teaching was very effective
Really great! Just few subtitle languages
very good informative and engaging course
Thank you coursera!! Loved the experience
Great course. Good learning for beginners
Basic course really helpful for beginners
great course, easy to follow and engaging
Enjoyed learned. Looking forward to more.
This course boost my confidence in excel.
Excellent Course for clearing the basics.
Very good and very needed on daily basis.
It is essential for my professional life.
Learnt a lot more than I thought I would!
Very well explained. A lot of practicies
It was awesome to learn MS Excel easily.
Grateful experience to learn this course
Really good course. Thank you very much.
It's really good platform to learn Excel
The course is well paced and well taught
Great material and very helpful lectures
This course helped me clear my concepts.
The best course to start learning EXCEL!
great way to learn and master techniques
Well Structured Course ..... Excellent !
Great course to master the Basic skills!
I have learn many thing from this course
Exceptional Experience and best teaching
It's an excellent course for beginners!!
It is a really good course for beginners
IT WAS A REALLY GREAT EXPERIENCE WITH IT
very detailed and well explained course.
Great course. Well organized, presented.
Very well explained with proper content.
very much informative and taught me well
Great courseGreat explanationsGreat Pace
Fantastic! I have the basics gaps I had.
Great.I get to learn lots of new things.
This course is very useful for beginners
Excellent Learning Methods with example.
This course is amazing,I really loved it
Excellent Teaching approach! Keep it up!
Very informative for a beginner in excel
It is a great course for the beginners!!
It is best ever course which I have seen
best videos in excel i have ever watched
Very useful course. Highly recommended !
I like it .Thank you teacher. love you<3
it was a nice experience while learning.
it was the best course i have ever taken
Very elaborate and illustrative teaching
This course was very helpful. Thank you.
Very useful course for every XL aspirant
It was excellent ,preety straite forward
best way for getting started with excel.
Awesomee. Great techers. I learnt a lot.
Nice course, encourage people to proceed
Excellent guidance throughout the course
This is one of the best course on Excel.
Very clear and easy to follow tutorials.
Good breadth of knowledge for beginners
A must to take for a beginner in excel!
This course can already give you a job!
loved the teaching process and the way.
Excellent course. Very good instructors
Very instructive course, easy to follow
Wow, thank you for this amazing course.
wow!!!! what a journey i enjoy it alot.
Great lecture and lecturer .am grateful
Thanks for this course it help me a lot
very informative and rightly explained.
I want to say very very Good.Thank You!
course is well constructed for beginner
Well written with very good information
Great class and love the hands on train
Very well designed. Kudoos to the team.
I understood how to solve excel problem
Nicely Explained, Cleared all my doubts
Excellent course for beginners in excel
Good delivery for someone new to Excel.
This Course really made me learn Excel!
Very well elaborated and comprehensive!
A very friendly and enrichening course.
Thanks a lot for this wonderful course.
The videos explained things really well
excellent helpful course for beginners.
It helps a lot. I really appreciate it.
Best Course to learn an Microsoft Excel
very useful for day to day routine work
WHAT A GREAT ONLINE COURSE + GREAT VIDS
Very informative and easy to understand
I really learned a lot from this course
The practice questions are very helpful
It was quite easy and learned shortcuts
Excellent! Very detailed and good pace.
Excellent course for beginners in Excel
A must course to do on MS Excel .Thanks
good explaining videos and nice tryning
was a good course with all basics clear
perfect course with great assessments!!
Very good refresher for Microsoft Excel
My first ever MOOC and it was the best.
it is best to get basis of excel skills
Very informative session with coursera.
Very informative and practically useful
Great Material with Practice Workbooks!
Great course with obvious instructions!
that was perfectextremely practicalfast
I learned many things with this course,
Excellent course. Totally recommend it!
Excellent back to basics review for me!
An amazing platform to gain knowledge !
It's a great opportunity for students.
It's help me to learn lot of new thing
all the concepts were nicely explained
It is a course worth your time. Cheers
Great course, very clear for beginners
very essentials especially!!i love it!
Very good course; highly recommend it!
Thank youMACQUARIE UNIVERSITY&COURSERA
Amazing content and student friendly:)
Very well explained!!Thank You So Much
nice arrangement of learning materials
A great way to understand Excel skills
Excellent! Please make one in Spanish!
Fantastic teaching methods and topics.
I just love this course. Thanks a lot.
It will be hard if you try to rush it.
Very helpful to re-analyze your basics
A course much needed to learn ms-excel
Really good course, i learned so much!
Best course if you are a keen learner.
Was very helpful. Thank you very much!
I learned a lot, great teaching thanks
IT WAS AN AMAZING COURSE . I LOVED IT.
Great,I have enjoyed and learnt a lot.
it was just awesome experience for me.
Perfect! right to the point and clear!
Excel had a very good video of course.
Amazing!!!! very detailed and engaging
Excellent course!! Very well explained
Excellent Principle-Practice approach.
Best course to clear your excel Basics
Learned all essential tools for Excel.
very satisfied from the teachers here.
great platform to enhance your skills.
Excel-ent course. Totally recommended.
Intresting,easy to follow, very useful
Wonderful, practical and useful course
Good course for me to review my basic.
Learned way more than I expected to!!!
Excellent..Thank you for the tutorials
Pretty useful class and it is helpful.
Wonderful course for beginners. Thanks
Well designed course for Excel basics.
Just amazing. try it, I am so grateful
Covered the basic in efficient manner.
Excellent Course.  Highly Recommend!!!
Very practical course! Really helpful!
great course to get started with excel
Loved it!! absolutely fantastic course
Great teaching methodology and content
Helping me too much.... Thanks a Lot .
Best course in excel I have ever seen
very helpful and useful for beginners
Great course, essential for everyone!
Good course for the beginners like me
It was an amazing learning experience
Teachers are very helpful. Thank you.
nice force started excel from scratch
An amazing course with deep learning.
This course was great for a beginner!
Recommended Course for Excel Learners
Will help you if you are new to this.
Thank you i really enjoyed the course
Very well structured and informative.
Best way to learn excel for beginners
this course is on of the best course.
teaching way and quizzes were awesome
I learned a lot. Thank you very much.
Very impactful. The tutor was amazing
This course was absolutely wonderful!
An excellent course for the beginners
It helped me to learn the basics well
The course was amazing. Learnt a lot.
Great course to learn basics in Excel
very helpful and fun learning course.
Quite a good course for the beginner.
its a great learning course for excel
Excellent approach/style of teaching.
The best excel course for beginners!!
Very useful! Easy to start and follow
It's a fantastic learning experience.
Loved the course. Easy to understand.
Nice Course to learn Excel in advance
SUPERB COURSE & EXCELLENT INSTRUCTOR.
An excellent course for the Basics!!!
It was nice Couse to study interestly
This course fulfilled its objectives.
Very good Coerce. Everyone must do it
Definitely that is what I needed for.
learned many thing such as formatting
Easy to interpret basic excel course!
Excellent. Great Learning. Thank you!
Perfect course for a newbie to Excel.
very perfect content and presentation
Comprehensive and Easy to Understand!
Very Good Structured an understadable
very instrumental to my everyday work
I didn't know how much I didn't know!
I love it, very helpful and engaging.
Amazing to start Excel from scratch.
Best course outline I have ever seen
simply marvelous and easy to follow.
Very friendly & simple to understand
It was learning with fun all the way
One of the best course for beginners
Excellent Course for learning Excel!
Great Learning Program for Beginners
your teaching method is commendable.
Very effective course for beginners.
Very helpful and well detailed......
very excellent information on excel.
Very Good course with good practice.
The teaching was exceptionally good.
I liked the format and presentation.
such an elegant and brilliant course
very good basic and awesome teachers
Interesting and enlightening course.
Thank you so much for this material!
It was very helpfull and instructive
Amazing course with great knowledge.
It was excellent course for brginers
It was a good experiecne in learning
It was very essential course for me.
the best course to understand excel.
Excellent course to clear the basics
The teaching strategy is impressive.
Very good! Thank you, see you again.
Nice course! I did it in three days!
Excellent course with great learning
Good course. Strictly for beginners.
Excelent Course. Totally recommended
Excellent Course for Basic Leaners!!
it is very simple and easy I love it
Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! many thanks
Great course.  Thoroughly enjoyable.
Very Useful training Thanks Coursera
It was quite interactive and amazing
This Course is very useful & helpful
AMAZING COURSE REALLY HELPED ME ALOT
Great course! Learned a lot! THANKS!
This is perfect course for beginners
Very great option for Excel learning
Very quality and impressive course.
really good course.  well worth it!
Love the course! It's very helpful!
it was best experience and good job
One of the best course on Coursera.
concepts explained in luicd manner.
Great teachers, easy to understand.
WOW, it helps me a lot. Thanks sir.
it is  very nice excellent learning
It is a very well structured course
Easy to understand, well-structured
Very much comprehensive and worthy.
Very helpful and significant course
it was really excellent  for basics
Very good intro to excel functions.
Good Experience, Thank you Coursera
It was an great learning experience
It helps to enhance my excel skill.
This course was very well designed.
the course is brilliantly explained
I have enjoyed my course very much.
Very good platform to learn excel .
very valuable course....….thank you
Very useful , Good place to learn .
Good Presentation, Very understable
Its an amazing experience for me!!!
very informative learn alot from it
Kind of tough but totally worth it.
It was a great Learning Experience!
amazing way of education, i love it
Perfect way to learn for a beginner
Great course to learn for beginners
really helpful for accounting major
perfect program thank you very much
Excellent course. I really liked it
Very informative for basic learners
Quite simplified for easy learning.
best coarse if you are new to excel
I satisfied with way to explanation
It's was so fun ..... thank you all
Great introduction to Excel course!
Great class! Don't Change anything!
i'm learning a lot on  an easy way.
Nice , Learn Excel with enjoy.....
Great experience, awesome learning
The was very good and interesting.
Thank you for this amazing course!
Love it! I learned a lot thank you
It helps me to learn Excel easily.
the course is very nice and simple
Very Informaive and easy to follow
one amazing course to learn excel.
basic , really good learn new tips
This course is amazing. Thank you!
Cool Professors! Love this course.
This course materials are amazing.
This course was very very awesome.
This course was extremely helpful.
INFORMATIVE..USEFULL FOR MY CAREER
Perfect start to my Excel journey!
Great learning. Thank you so much.
basic excel skills, worth to learn
I really enjoy the way of teaching
Excellent course for the beginners
the course is great, i love course
Awesome Learning, Great Mentors :)
Very effective and learnable corse
Nice Course. Very useful in future
It was very learning of excel fuly
Great course. Brushed up my basics
Great teachers and way of teaching
great people tutoring this course.
Helped a lot gain skills in excels
Very special and professional ways
It was an Good Learning Experience
The Best course to learn the excel
Enjoyed every part of this course.
Will definitely Recommend everyone
A very methodical way of teaching.
Explicitly taught. Very practical.
Nice course, useful and well done!
This course was a great refresher.
Engaging lectures and assessments.
Very good videos, highly recommend
easy to follow and a good theacher
great course for an excel beginner
Easy to understand. Helpful coach.
Great course to begin to use Excel
very useful course, thanks for all
well structured and easy to follow
Great course with a modern aproach
Very Beneficial and well presented
Awesome & worth studying course !!
its a wonderful course i loved it.
One of the best course on Coursera
nice to learn excel from coursera.
Excellent to learn basics of Excel
Very helpful course for beginners
Its a needy course to everyone...
Thank you, the course was helpful
Easy to follow, Great assignments
Good and easy in the description.
Thanks a lot for this opportunity
Makes you earn the value of Excel
Great course. Highly Recommended!
Excellent course for the beginner
It's was a really amazing course.
really funny class to study excel
This course is very useful for me
very much imformative and helpful
It was just great, I learn a lot.
It was amazing and very useful. I
Excellent Course for Beginners!!!
Best platform to learn Excel here
have improved my skills....thanks
Excellent experience of learning.
Superb course for learning Excel!
Really good for beginner to learn
very good course and usefull too!
great, i know excel very well now
Thank you so much for this course
course is very good for beginners
Very Good Lessons about the Excel
Really the course was interesting
thank you for this amazing course
The challenges are really amazing
Piece of Cake I love such courses
Good Course to learn Excel Basics
its was amazing learning session.
Basic course but great for review
Nice inputs for skill improvement
Easy to follow, but comprehensive
Very good explanation!  Thank you
the course is so good and helpful
Good intro to excel for beginners
everything is explained in detail
awesome course for excel workings
It is very detailed explanations.
Great Courses! Strongly recommand
everything explained beautifully
probably best course on internet
Simply the best course on Excel.
awesome course for basic exel...
It's been wonderful experience .
One of the best MS Excel Course.
Simple explanations, I loved it!
Very Nice. Had confidence in me.
Amazing and very useful coures!!
Thanks. the course was fantastic
thank you for your new knowledge
Very Easy and Effective Tutorial
lot of knowledge about worksheet
Great excel introduction course.
Good course who are new to excel
Great Excel course for beginners
its great and easy for learning.
Great course to learn the basics
Great Experience to learn Excel.
I really enjoyed learning Excel.
Learned SOOOOO much, thank you!!
The course was absolutely great.
Excellent course for beginners..
It actually very helpful course.
Nice course to learn the basics.
Great Course lucidly explained!!
That was amazing thank you all !
best teacher to learn excel from
Good Experience. Really helpful.
Very Practical Learning approach
Great . Learned a lot of things.
I have learned a lot, thank you!
Best on excel. Loved the course.
very good and informative course
a very good course gor beginners
Absolutely world class course  !
That was an amazing course!!!!!!
this course was really amazing..
Very good course for beginners..
Now i have a great hand in excel
Excellent course. Very help full
Many thanks for everything i got
Very interactive and informative
Great Course for excel begginers
very helpful and nicely drafted.
Basic knowledge, well structured
Great Course, thank you Coursera
Very good course for a beginner.
awesome course, awesome teachers
Very Helpful and Exciting Course
Great course. Great instructors.
first insights excel.good course
A very useful and joyful course.
good graphics and teaching style
super helpful and well-rounded!
Lots of good useful information
Great for learning excel basics
Found this course very helpful.
Very great course! So thankful.
Great course for the beginners.
very elaborate and clear course
Easy to follow and challenging!
The course is very good for all
Its excellent for the beginners
Great Course with Great tutors.
Very well and clearly explained
charts should be more elaborate
Awesome course to learn Excel !
The course content is very good
good they teach you from basics
Nicely Structured! Very Useful.
Loved the instruction provided!
Actually was pretty challenging
FINAL assignment was very worst
Really a great course on excel!
Outstanding course for begineer
explaination was very fantastic
Too much organized and helpful.
This is a life changing course!
Very simple and easy to follow!
Best beginners course to start.
very good course for beginners.
It was worth my time and money.
Very useful and well explained.
Amazing. Can't thank you enough
many thanks for the opportunity
Nice for Beginners and Business
Great Practical teaching method
Really helpful beginners course
Excellent way to learn MS Excel
Fantastic and easy to follow!!!
Explanatory and straightforward
nicely designed and very useful
Great course and very in-depth!
It was plenty helpfull course.
This course is really AWESOME!
I enjoied, The best experience
Very useful course, Thanks You
Wonderfull learning experience
Thanks so much for the course!
The explanation is phenomenal.
Learned a lot was very helpful
its an amazin course do try it
I really love this the course.
Well detailed course. Loved it
I highly recommend this course
Very useful and undestandable.
Very informational, thank you!
Excellent course for beginners
Good course,Thank you so much.
Great Course for the beginners
It's awesome course Intresting
Boom...A Really Amazing course
wonderful course for beginners
Thanks for the amazing course.
It's very complete to be basic
Exellent formation, thank you.
Pratical lessons are very good
one of the best excel course .
Excellent, it helped me a lot!
Simple and Easy to understand.
That was very helpful! Thanks.
Pretty great course. Loved it.
It is a really good programme!
Super detailed and fun as well
I find the course interesting.
really good and helpful course
I learn a lot from this course
This course is amazing and fun
It's very nice online program.
very useful and fun to learn..
very good and practical course
A rigorous and amazing course.
Very good articulation. Thanks
Very good! Thank you so much!!
very good and efficient course
Awesome course. Really helpful
i have learned a lot of things
Very professional instructors.
Great Course Enjoyed Learning!
Amazing Course! on every level
It is really a helpful course.
Very comprehensive and useful!
Realy nice and helpful courses
xcellent introduction to excel
How you guys teach is perfect!
Excellent Introductory course.
In a simple word, " AWESOME!"
I really enjoyed this class!!
Wonderfully crafted course!!!
Great CourseThank you so much
very nice and helpful course.
the skills are really useful.
The course is really helpful!
It was different experience .
Excellent course ! I would re
I had everything, as I except
I really loved this course!!!
Pretty helpful for a beginner
The teaching method was great
Great curse. Taught me a lot.
Amazing experience. Thankyou!
best cource for excel lerning
Easy to follow and understand
really really useful! Thanks!
Great Course. Worth Learning.
Great Course, Lot of learning
Nice experience to learned...
This course Help me very much
now i am able to handle excel
easy and best way of learning
Very straightforward and fun!
It was really a great journey
Great course !!! Great format
Basics of Excel well covered!
its good to brush your basics
Excellent Course!Thanks a lot
this is very helpful website.
learned alot from this course
Perfect introduction to Excel
Excellent Learning Experience
very good choice for learner.
It easy and nicely explained.
User friendly and descriptive
that was very useful and nice
Perfect course for beginners!
Amazing. Thank you very much.
Thank you for your devotion !
Exceptional. Ive learnt a lot
Good for practicing the Excel
its informative and fruitful.
A good introduction to Excel.
Looking for the next course.l
Very basic but very helpful.
Very intelligent instructors
Love it! Clear explanations.
this course is very helpfull
IT WAS INTERESTING. GOOD JOB
Very good and useful course.
It's very beneficial course.
Good platform to learn excel
great experience with tutors
it was an amazing experience
Very useful, but tough exams
Wonderful course. I love it.
It was a nice course for me.
very helpful and clear notes
I'm in love with this course
Great and highly educational
It was very excellent course
i learn more new things here
Very intensive and wonderful
It was really awesome course
Thoroughly designed course !
It's hard & good. I like it.
Very useful basics in Excel.
very best source of learning
Excellent for learning excel
Great learning experience!!!
Best course for the beginner
Well Explained each function
great knowledgeable journey.
Wonderful , thank all of you
A great learning experience!
Very good and thorough study
i learnt alot within a space
Very good and useful course!
Awesome Class.  Great Review
Wonderful!!!! What a course!
Great Course and very useful
Amazing coach and instructor
Great Course, great teachers
Great introduction to Excel.
Good course.Value for money.
Much Needed and To The Point
nice class! really enjoy!!!
Only can say: Great course.
Great course, must do this.
liked the way of teaching .
it was excellent experience
Great and really insightful
Very clear and very useful!
last assessment was hard...
thank you for a nice course
Perfect course. I like it !
amazing learning experience
learned a lot of new things
Such a nice experience ever
Very well organized course,
Best platform for learning!
Good course...was tough tho
Satisfied with this course.
learned the basics of excel
The Learning was enjoyed :)
Thanks for filling the Gaps
Great course for beginner's
Very good and for beginners
Really it was fun to learn.
Excellent  way of teaching.
very helpful and insightful
great & interesting course.
Great course for beginners.
It is really useful course.
Perfect for Excel Starters!
Very well structured course
Learned Soo many New Topics
Great course to learn Excel
very explaining and helpful
amazing and helpfull course
Very good platform to learn
Great course. Very helpful.
THANKS FOR GIVE BEST COURSE
A Great Learning Experience
Very well presented course.
A great course for learners
A must learn course for all
Awesome Introductory Course
Obviously great sections👍
Very good I learned a lot.
Very good, well explained.
awesome it was . thank you
Very basic, but good info.
easy to understand and use
Great way to teach basics!
It's a really good course.
The instructor was amazing
its was a great experience
The explanations are great
EXCELLENT WORK BY THE TEAM
Great teaching techniques.
outstanding and beneficial
I really love this course.
teaching staff is awesome.
The course is very helpful
Best Education System ....
Best course to learn excel
best excel teaching course
Awesome course, thank you!
Really Interesting course.
Teaching style is so good.
Great work.Amazing course.
Much organised & Effective
A great platform to learn.
The course is very useful.
Great Course, thanks a lot
Great information got here
Easy and straight forward!
thank you it's very useful
Very useful and effective!
Very useful ! :) Thank you
Great course for begginers
Awesome - very informative
So Beautiful and so Useful
Thank you for your work!!!
Really enjoyed it a lot...
very interesting thank you
Really Enjoyed this course
The best for beginners !!
Great tool to learn excel
good course to go through
This is excellent course.
Very Good & useful Course
"I am in love with excel"
EXCELLENT TEACHING STYLE.
Informative & Interesting
Very helpful for learning
Best course for Beginners
one of best excell course
Good Course enjoyed a lot
Best Course. Recommended!
Great! I learn so much :)
very nice and informative
Very well designed course
It was an amazing course.
Learnt a lot ! Thank you!
Especially for Beginners.
Very informative program.
This course is brilliant!
Very nice and informative
The Best Course for Excel
Detailed and Well taught.
It's a really cool course
Excellent Teaching method
comprehensive and concise
Thank you for the course.
thanks , you are the best
I enjoyed every bit of it
Thank You For This Course
Nice Course for Beginners
Good overview as a start.
thanks coursera, you rock
It is amazing, Thank you.
Great Course...Thank You
I learned a lot. Thanks.
Thank you for everything
really loved the course.
I learned a lot. Thanks!
The course was amazing !
a very wonderful course.
Nice course! Very useful
Very detailed and useful
Thank you, great course.
very useful thanks a lot
Coursera is very helpful
Great learning Thank you
This is valuable for me.
I love the learning path
Practice makes permanent
A very insightful course
It is very useful to me.
good one for using excel
Very good course content
Nice course for beginner
Fun and engaging course!
Loved it..learned a lot.
strong Examination !!!!!
Really Excellent course
A very useful course...
love the teaching style
Course is well designed
Decent, on-point stuff.
Learned many new things
Great.Happy to learn it
thanks for all teachers
Good informative course
It's very useful course
AWESOME TEACHING SKILLS
Fun way to learn Excel!
Very clear explanation.
Excellent teachings  :)
best learning path ever
Had a great experience.
One of best in its kind
Course is really worthy
Such a great experience
It was great Experience
Nice course very useful
This is a great course!
SOLVE ALL BASIC CONCEPT
Awesome course.Loved it
great , helped me a lot
excellent course thanks
INSTRUCTOR IS EXCELLENT
Good learning thank you
Very clearly organized!
it's a fantastic course
Good for first timers a
One of the best course.
the course is excellent
This is a great course.
Great course! Thank you
Thanks for this Course
Really useful course!!
Extraordinary course!!
Best Learning Approach
it was up to the mark.
Really amazing course!
Had a great experience
well structured Course
Very clear explanation
Nicely framed content!
Great refresher course
It was really helpful!
Best teachers to teach
Very nice presentation
Extremely Enlightening
Well structured course
it is very good course
In a world , Excellent
Excellently structured
Excellently organized.
Very Nice explaination
Well Structured Course
Absolutely brilliant!!
Was very useful course
Thank you very much!!!
very useful, must try!
Good and sorted course
Great Course to Revise
Excellent course work.
Wonderful explanation
Excellent and Usefull
Easy to understand :)
The mentors were nice
I love it this course
good explanation guys
Really awsome course.
Basic but interesting
wow ! what a teacher.
Though Course It was.
outstanding learning!
it's amazing and easy
Pretty helpful course
Very Wonderful Course
Very Effective Course
Good quality teaching
Very Easy and Helpful
Good course for excel
I enjoyed the course.
very much challenging
Amazing and wonderful
nicecourseforbeginers
very nicely explained
Good learning process
Excellent everything.
ITS AWESOME.THANK YOU
Really Helpful Thanks
it's very good course
loved it :) thank you
Its really helpful 💙
Excellent learning se
Easy to follow and re
This cours is amazing
Really awesome class!
Basic and informative
Essential and helpful
Compact introduction.
I learned very great
it was well prepared
I really enjoyed it.
Very, very complete!
It was fantabulous!!
It was really great.
very useful course!!
It's really helpful.
Excellent thank you!
Very Helplful course
Much skillful course
very well structured
very helpful. thanks
ver good explanation
just amazing, try it
It was a nice course
This is very useful.
Fun and informative!
It is really useful!
It was awesom course
Explained in Detail.
Very good experience
I enjoyed it so much
Very useful training
Pretty useful course
Thank for everything
it's really helpful!
Enriching experience
useful and well made
Really clear and fun
A Very Good Course!
Incredibly helpful!
thanks for help :+)
Very well explained
Wow & Thank you..👍
Great for starters.
Thank you Coursera!
absolutely PERFECT!
Good for essentials
Organised and easy.
thanks great course
Really Great course
Awesome! Thank you!
Very Helpful course
very gud experience
Very practical use.
it is a good course
Very Useful Coursre
it was really great
Great learning,,,,,
Loved the course!!!
Really nice course.
Designed perfectly.
interesting course.
Perfect practise  !
well knowledge gain
Highly reccomanded!
It is great lesson.
GREAAAAAAAAT COURSE
love it.thank you..
Very very effective
I love this course.
Really nice course
Great for learning
awesome experience
it was the best!!!
IT WAS EXCEPTIONAL
Very Amazing Learn
it is very helpful
Very much helpfull
I Love This Course
Very useful to me.
It is best Course.
Thank you for this
I enjoyed it alot.
Really Interactive
very good teaching
Great explanation.
got a lot to learn
best course i take
Very good teaching
I've learned a lot
Highly recommend !
Extremely helpful.
Very practical :)
Perfect Course!!!
Its really awsome
very nice course!
it was a good one
I Loved it !!!!!!
Very encouraging.
Totally worth it!
excellent teacher
extremely helpful
It was Quite nice
Well Paced Course
amazing course !!
Super Informative
very good faculty
Very good course!
Awesome Course!!!
Very great course
It was Awesome!!!
Nicely explained.
simplyLove it....
Fantastic! Everyo
More Than Perfect
very nice courses
Very Interesting!
really practical!
Very good Course!
I love the course
Awesome Program !
Thank you a lot!
I want this more
content was good
So Good to Learn
very fun journey
Great Learning!!
Love this course
Wonderful Course
Awesome Course..
worth doing this
Enjoyed learning
It is Phenomenal
Very Nice Course
Great wxperience
great and useful
I have learned a
Smart excel work
neatly explained
Very good Course
very much useful
Amazing course!!
Good teachers !
Very helpful!!!
amazing course.
Very helpfut!!!
really awesome.
easy and useful
Just great ....
Easy Understand
It Was Cool!!!
Great course !
IT'S EXCELLENT
Super Learning
easy to follow
Very Effective
it's very good
Best teaching!
Very Useful...
Great teachers
Very helpful !
very good nice
really awesome
Great Practice
Very helpful!!
Just loved it!
Thanks for you
Very very cool
Great to learn
easy to learn
learned a lot
Thank's a lot
Good Teaching
good and easy
This was fun!
Well and good
Just aweasome
Many thanks..
was very cool
very usefully
it is so good
It is amazing
Pretty good:)
It is useful.
MANY THANKS!
Great Lesson
It was great
Simply great
Very good B)
Very Useful.
thank you <3
Just perfect
so effective
it is useful
helped a lot
Very Helpful
thanks a lot
Really great
Loved IT!!!!
Loving it !!
I loved it.
Incredible.
Thanx a lot
Well taught
its great .
Really nice
Great stuff
Thank You.
It's nice.
THANK YOU!
Just Great
It's best
Is great!
Good One!
Loved it!
the best
The Best
THANKS!
Very he
Very
