Very uninspiring. A whole 15 minutes of phonetics might sound like a good idea for a textbook but definitely not for an online course. Phonetics can be taken step by step while learning some basic sentence constructions. By the end of the 15 minutes, no one will be able to remember 10% of the information provided. Also not having an actual person teaching a language is counterproductive. The movement of the lips and mouth in general are extremely important for pronunciation.
Overly technical, needlessly theoretical; unable to take quizzes unless paying 49 dollars.Neither recommended for absolute beginners (who will drown in jargon), nor returning learners (who will get nothing out of this course unless they pay to have a machine grade short quizzes).
robotic, impersonal voice. Constant speed even in parts where the teacher should linger more to explain better. Few (almost non-existent) concrete examples
The course automated voice was kind of very annoying which made it difficult for me to understand this course.
I could test myself on anything due to it wanting me to upgrade. I did not want nor need the certificate.
Is is hard to understand
This course is not that effective because the video does not contain real time native speaking Japanese  professor and the computerized  voice creates problem in understanding tones and pitches of words. And the course is not created keeping absolute language beginners.like in Korean language courses there are real time native speaking Korean professor and real like example and they explain tones and pitches and grammar.
It would have been nice if the teacher introduced the Japanese characters first with their pronounciation and then continued teaching instead of using Latin transcripts
The course is not entirely bad however their are certain things which can be improved. These are my personal opinion.1.too much information is cramped in each video which can be very overwhelming for beginners2. their are not much examples or daily life conversation3.this course may be very difficult for absolute beginners because of the way the course is structured4.I faced a lot problems in grammar. I feel that they were not explained very well(or maybe I couldn't understand it properly).
Actually, the course propose is nice, but i think more interactive activities and videos would be great, seens a week point, and some of the examples are difficult to understand, had to talk with my friends which are fluent in japanese cause where difficult sometimes to understand.
The course was just as I expected it to be. Technical and concise. That said, I still think that Japanese for beginners should be taught in that of an organic way.
Actually, the course propose is nice, but i think more interactive activities and videos would be great  and some of the examples are difficult to understand
Almost good for me. I'm looking for Japanese character and a free test. Also I feel English audio a little bit accent to understand.
Very helpful class if you want to revise your Japanese or if you want to learn new concepts that weren't available in your previous courses. Allowed me to learn new words and new grammar rules. However, there were a few things that I  find worthy to improve. 
1) In two videos about vocabulary rules, the absence of an audio narrator is flagrant and does not help students who might want an audio narrator to guide them. Which I reported to you after seeing them.

2) The employ of verbs in neutral or formal ways is a bit confusing at times. Would be nice to have a list showing all the verbs taught and, for each verb, all their forms that they can be employed (formal, neutral, etc.).3) In a couple of tests and PDFs, I noticed some typos that could have been corrected. For example, In one of the Writing exercises for the katakana, the word Test is written as Tesuto. Which makes it a bit evident as to how to answer.

4) In some of the quizzes and exercises, the Japanese text and the English one are not properly contrasted with calligraphy elements like bold characters or italics. Which makes the reading of the quizzes complicated. Might be helpful to either put bold characters or to separate the two text in tables.

5) For the vocabulary sheets, would be nice to distinguish and separate words into according topics instead of jumbling them through a long list that can be confusing to read at times.

6) As a language learning class, the absence of available reading material is evident. Any chance of putting links to websites or blogs or books that students could read to practise their Japanese reading skills. Any chance also of making videos on YouTube to help students witness dialogue between participants.

These are some of the details that I noticed within the course that could be improved. Hope these points will help you.
This was a good introductory course for Japanese, which only a few flaws.  The most notable is the use of questions that require the user to select multiple answers within one question.  The problem is that the context of these questions feels dependent on remembering the exact section of dialog that was provided in the exercises.  An improvement would be to provide unique context, and to divide these sections into individual questions per section.  Overall though, I am happy with this course.
There was a small inefficacy in the eloquence of the instructor otherwise the course was very helpful. I have learnt a lot from this course. Arigatou Gozaimashita :) sensei.
This course was very helpful in correlating all that I had learnt about Japanese into one resource. It solidified my grammar and improved my writing skills.
there were spelling mistakes in the awnsers and questions
Easy to follow along, despite a few mistakes.
Great teaching cocepts.
Admittedly, it is a little bit hard for beginners. Before starting this course, I have already learnt hiragana and katakana and the basic rules of Japanese. As a result, I do not feel this course is very hard. However, I suppose that the real beginner will not feel well in this course. My suggestion is that for people really want to learn this course, you should have basic idea of it or you have enough time to go over what you have learnt. Learning languages should be a long process. It is not impossible to learn Japanese well in several classes. Also, if you cannot stand the Japanese accent, it is not a suitable course.
very easy to understand and practical. would do it again!!!!
Helped me get basic knowledge of writing and speaking Japanese.
Very useful course. I was able to start from having zero knowledge of Japanese to finally being able to read, write and speak basic Japanese :). The course was a step by step guide in helping you to learn and build up your vocabulary. It also  have quiz and test that created a deeper understanding towards the course.
Japanese Instructions was clearly given and understandable. Reading and writing exercise were good too. Practice Quiz helped a lot in learning my mistakes over and over.
It was hard , but i am sure that if i took  more courses will be able to speak and understand japanese fluently thanks i hope you will add more courses thanks alot
The course is really interactive and helpful for Japanese beginners. The practice exercises help get ourselves train in writing the Japanese script.
This is a great course to start your  Japanese learning journey. Great content.
The best I could have asked for!!Arigato goziasmashta
Congratulations  from Mexico !!!!!
