not free at all
Really repetitive, the videos did not have to be as long as they were.
The questions were strange...
The UVa content is good, but the BCG content is just contentious talking points like the deconstructed value chain. Very little practical information on how an organisation would digitally transform e.g. how it uses data or interacts with its customers.
This is for people who have are not in the industry of IT, Software Development or related. If you are a working professional it's to high-level and very generic.
A theoretical course with generic information about different technologies.
So far, none of the content is unique or engaging.
In my opinion, no longer state of the art
Graphics in week four are not shown propperly.Week 4 teaches us, that it is recommendable to create a two speed IT team. However, on the homepage of BCG there was an article published, which describes "the end of Two-Speed IT". Is the material of this class outdated?
It's a good overview of key concepts, but all in all rather superficial.
Strong emphasis on the business side of the topic whereas the technical aspects of real and concrete digital transformation were left out.
The lectures are well structured. The lecturers were articulate and and easy to follow. The course touched upon a lot of topics but didn't do much justice to many of them. Would have been better if there were more (in-depth) real life examples/ case studies. Most of the examples touched upon in the course were at a very broad level, without much specifics (even allowing for beginner level grade). I recommend that an update of the course should have the whole digital transformation framework being applied to at least one company in entirety.
The course provides a good overview of different aspects of Digital Transformation. It provides structure and describes some (classic) examples. The test questions I found somewhat ambiguous and some frameworks used in the training are not explained enough. How do you define a market is malleable for instance. This makes using the models somewhat hard.
Personally, I think, it is a training for beginners who wants to start to understand how technology can have a strongest impact on the business environment. It's a big overview. I was expecting something more concrete. At least when we were talking about how to keep investing in sustainable business and disruptive business.
Much of the material was decent, but the quizzes focused too heavily on terminology used by the faculty, which may or may not match what is used in students' industries.  The better questions focused on the concepts and strategies rather than just making it a vocabulary test.
The information was very helpful. What was NOT helpful was the difficulty in understanding several of hte presenters. I had to work very hard to understand the words they were using before I could understand the course content.
Would be great if there were a few more examples. But anyway, an excellent course to get introduced to the basics of a digital transformation for a beginner.
we should be given text of the video.in some videos, voice were too lowonce we get text part, then only value of money will be worth.overall good content.
Would be better to have more practical examples to illustrate each module. It will help the reader to digest the contents and remember in the long run.
Course is good but I think it contains more theory than I like. I was looking for a more practical view on digital transformation.
well structured and nicely presented, but doesn't really go into depth and seems a bit dated.
It needs a refresh to reflect the last 4 year progress and the future outlook beyond 2021
Interesting content but need updating with current data in 2020
Good introductory content overall.
This was truly a worth investment in my career. Learned a lot. Well structured course content.Suggestion It would have been good to have some slides or summarized material available with video tutorials. I have seen such material available in other online course providers. Anyway, course was good even without such material.
I have come out of the course with more knowledge than I had previously on the subject of DTMaterial was very well constructed and the expert interviews provided much insightOnly feedback is the ability to verbally understand some of the presenters clearly and handout material was very basic
Excellent course and detail insights and knowledge sharing. Provided deep insights into the Digital trends transforming the World and the future coming up. Excellent work by the Presenters and the Experts interviewed with the good data, examples and explanations provided. Many thanks and kudos to BCG and Darden School of Business.Improvements suggested:1) Improve the Data-driven with Illustrations and Real-life exemplification - to supplement the speeches and oral explanations. Would be worth-while to show the concept in reality, how it looks/ feels and works as has been implemented in todays world and how it can be visualized for the future. Eg:- Big data based concepts and its practical use, Autonomous cars 2) BCG Innovation Centre was interesting - a flow-thru video of how the Product is made visualizing the digital technologies are deployed step by step3) Data accuracy - the Text content of the speeches are not exactly accurate. The transliteration has some errors maybe due to the inaccuracy of the automation in deciphering the context/ accent and tonal variations.
Курс хорошо структурирован и будет понятен даже человеку, который не знаком с IT. Из-за того, что работаю в IT - первые 3 модуля не открыли ничего нового, но фрейм из 4 модуля очень полезный. Отдельно хочу отметить преподавателя Amane Dannouni, манера подачи и объяснения просто бесподобны + наиболее ценная для меня информация прозвучала из его уст. Michael Lenox также понравился. Ching-а было сложно слушать из-за акцента, а девушка показалась скучной.     The course is well structured and will be understandable even to a person who is not familiar with IT. Due to the fact that I work in IT, there was nothing new for me in first 3 modules, but the frame, given in module 4  is very useful. I would also like to thank the teacher Amane Dannouni, the manner of presentation and explanation is simply brilliant + the most valuable information for me came from his part. Michael Lenox was also very nice. It was difficult to listen to Ching because of the accent, and I didn't find anything special in Sonya's part.
A good course. I was particularly interested in Boston Consulting Group digital transformation framework.
I may have points of disagreement with the framework, particularly the two-speed IT architecture that I believe became incompatible with today's "all-agile organisations", and was really bemused with the example of "ERP systems implementation would follow the waterfall approach!", but it was just one point of disagreement among many other discussions that I found interesting especially "your strategy needs a strategy" that well summarised the important chapters of the famous book in concise points.  I completed this course through my beloved Information Technology Institute - Egypt (ITI) initiative with Coursera, so thank you very much ITI.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. It gave me a foundation to start DT projects in digital savvy organizations. However, I do agree that a lot 'he' has been used for leaders. Please use a gender inclusive language.Secondly, in certain interviews the speech wasn't clear, it could be because of pronunciation. This made me switch to reading the video transcript which also wasn't easy to understand. On other words, sentence constructions needs to be clearer with punctuation.I am thankful to the program designers who have put in immense effort to bring this course together. I am so glad to have BCG and University of Virginia on my certificate. Keep up the good work!
The course lectures and interviews offer a good balance of theoretical and practical learning experience. It is a good introductory course to touch on the various management systems for digital transformation. The course give me a lot to follow-up on: How to evaluate/price cloud solutions, how to implement artificial intelligence, and Blockchains, etc. The voice and picture quality were great but there were some glitches when shifting from the polling questions back to videos. Thank you so much.
Very good course, with a couple of improtant comments: 1. No possibility to download the video presentations, resulted in significant (unecessary) effort on my side to take all relevant slides and screenshots. 2. The transcripts of the viewos have quite a few typos and mistakes in them (due to mainly automated transcript program misinterpreting what is being said due to the various accents of the presenters. Requires better proofing, as material provided by such distinguished institutions.
Dear team, contentwise a really great course and I look forward to join the next modules. Some "small critics" would be: sometimes hard to follow native and french speaker as you for good reason use a lot of specific vocabulary which already needs to be understood (there was some translation available but unfortunately not for my language. But in total, this course helped me absolute to better understand the journey my company has already started for their digital transformtation.
The course provides a deep & thorough understanding of how digital transformation is disrupting core & alternate industries. The course content and delivery mechanism is excellent. However, there should had been more focus on people & system to balance it with technology. As the fact is, the key challenge to digital transformation is people & not technology. But, in overall, the course is highly recommended for anyone who wants to dive into the world of digital transformation.
Good quality content, delivered in a smart and smooth package. Most importantly, covers all the significant aspects involved in the transformation of business processes and structures to deliver value empowered by digital technologies and agile organizational structures. B2B, esp manufacturing is a topic that could have been looked into a bit more with some servitzation case studies and look forward to adding that one last star!
The course is great, it gives you a broad overview of trends, digital strategies, technology, business cases. Guests contribute a lot to the course. In addition, continuous practices motivate you so that you can advance in the course and measure your performance.
In short I would recommend it for those managers and technology administrators, managers.
Thanks teachers Michael, Amane, Sonja, Ching Greetings from Lima - Peru
A really insightful totally non-technical, business centric overview that is still fresh today. One star less as I found some quiz questions frustratingly ambiguous, actually subjective or just not not well placed. It is the first course on Coursera, where I simply did not bother enough to get 100% grade. Having said that, as a Digital Transformation Director I highly recommend the course nonetheless!
If you are new to DT and want to understand the basics, well nothing can get better than this !!. The concepts are almost teased out to you and it is very fun to just plug-in and listen. I would not suggest this to anyone who is a practitioner they have generally just introduced the concepts (having said this, you might still want to check BCG Digital Transformation framework)Best Wishes.
The course is technically and essentially very well structured, with many real examples, good theory, and framework. Although I will give 4 stars due to the fact that the content is already outdated, and as the course itself teaches, the development of technology is exponential (very fast) and I think the content of the course should be updated more often (like every year at least).
Great course with a lot of things to learn about technology and digital transformation as a whole.  The platform is a bit buggy and sometimes was showing inconsistency between the given information and the correct answers to questions. Overall, I learned new things that I was unaware of and those I can combine with my existing knowledge to solve industry-related digital issues.
This is a great introduction to DT. the 4 chapters are great for anyone wanting to understand the WHY,WHAT AND HOW to start a DT programme. I found chapter 4 the most interesting, and useful and helpful from a practical PoV. Extremely well presented, some exercises could be a little be clearer with the questions, never the less and enjoyable course and a good refresher.
I really enjoyed this course. It was very informative, covered a lot of ground and I was impressed by all the different people who were interviewed. Every video has one or more pop up polls spaced every few minutes though which slowed down progress when listening to the lectures in the background of other work but other than that it was very well paced.
Very enriching and inspiring experience. Absolutely recommended to all those who seek for a pragmatical and strategic vision of the Digital Transformation and its implication in every industry at every level. To gain the maximum benefit  from this course, I would recommend to deliver un update version suiting the 2020-2025 challenges and trends.
It so great the source of knowledge obtained in this course, the introducing to subjects such as Machine learning, IoT, Data analysis, agile, change management was amazing! Congratulations and thanks to Amane Dannouni for to performance this course. The matters before mentioned by me it is so useful in my career as Digital Project Manager.
In current era, digital transformation is a must-have skill for every professional. It is a great course for individuals who wish to understand the fundamentals of digital transformation. I rated it as 4* as I felt the content requires little update specially the examples and data. I would have loved few recent case studies.
The content of the course is great with a lot of real-life examples. I expected some kind of assignment to deploy the framework in last module to an idea or any existing company chosen by the learners. That way it could have been a much better experience. It feels good to learn from some of the best experts in the industry.
Very informative and necessary bridge to understanding modern digital planning for us 'old' guys.   Only complaint, was that many check in questions require more than one answer but fail to include 'select all that apply' to indicate that there's more than one choice to be selected vs. a selection of a 'best' choice.
The approach to the subject is very enriching, the subject is very extensive, with many examples.

I really missed the course not having the language in Portuguese.

I found some interviews and even the presentation of the content very mechanized, as if they were reading texts. Overall it was a good journey.
Based on the complexity and large number of items related to this topic, I would suggest to extend the course at least twice the time spent on this one. Apart from that, my congratulations to the professors, guests, type of materials shared and easy way to explain all topics.With best regards,José Ramón
the course was very good. my issue was with the transcript, the second half was full of  mistakes.if you wish,  i can support with the correction.Also if you wish to translate this in Arabic, I would be happy to be a reviewer.--------------- Not all the instructor's English was easy to understand
Even though it is a short course, the amount and the organization of the information provided is beyond my expectations. The quality and also the real case contributions are of great interest to me. The subject is not new to me and even though I got new information and also a helpful framework.
I greatly appreciate the all
the course materials, instructors, and the way it was organized. It's very rare
to find such wealth of information in short period of time. I enjoyed the
interviews that captured a real-world examples and experiences along with the
BCG prototype lab tour. Thank you
Lovely course... it is not just theory but extremely well connected with business situations. Instructors are great and do a wonderful job of explaining the concepts backed by live examples.The only complain I have is that in Week 4, the slides are not properly visible. Please correct it.
Wonderful course, the teaching methodology, interspersed with great interviews and use cases was really very relevant. All the course speakers and teachers were really good at pacing out the course and it looked real and not rehearsed as it was almost like a natural dialogue  happening.
The course provided a solid introduction and overview of what Digital Transformation is, and the key considerations for successful planning and execution of these transformations. It provides a good baseline for individuals who would like to further study and deep dive into this topic.
I thought it was a very high level course even when I was a beginner, which I think is very good for learning. Personally, the limitation was the language that if they gave it with that level of knowledge and command in Spanish would be more appreciated. Otherwise very good quality
Good overview of digital transformation.Good introduction to some emerging tech.Some good inteviews and case studies - others missed the mark.More practical tools for application of transformation would be good. The framework was useful, but more detailed tools would help
Great introductory course to digital transformation. video's are the predominant delivery mechanism. Participatory and collaborative modes of learning could enriched the course - e.g. structured group chats that deliver white papers; articles linked to the quizzes e.t.c.
Overall, I feel the course was very informational. Really liked the way Amane presented. One concern that I'd like express is, it could have been a 5-week course. I feel Week 3 and 4 were rather longer than the first 2 weeks. Hence, would be better to divide them up.,
Learned a lot about the economics of innovation. Great hands-on experiences and transformation journeys but as a technologist myself - working in emerging trends from big data to cyber security, I found week 3 to be quite shallow and hard to power through.
Great course and one that was very well structured. Liked the interviews with people to illustrate more on the learnings. I would strongly suggest make this a 5 week course as the content of week 4 is quite a lot to be condensed to learn in 1 week.
Nice course with a wide spectrum of concepts around Digital Transformation. I wish the images from the slides were available outside the videos (inline with the text), so one could read the material instead of always needing to watch the videos.
The most interesting content is at the end in modules 3 and 4. Modules 1 and 2 are a bit repetitive if you already have knowledge on the topics of innovation, exponential organizations, entrepreneurship, technology or digital transformation.
Good overview of all the different factors, technologies, strategies that are part and that can be applied to the digital transformation of companies. It would had been nice to see more real life examples. Overall very complete course.
The course was created in 2016, and so some of the material seems out of date. It is a beginner course, but for someone who understands most of the components, it still provides a useful overall framework for transformation.
I liked the course, excellent to know the trends in digital transformation, but in some cases I would have liked to deepen more with the examples and that the interviews were less general and more detailed in their analysis
Good overall introduction to Digital Transformation. One trivial observation , the speakers keep referring to only " he" when referring to someone in the talks. You may want to include she's as well.
BCG & Darden have made a great job into structuring  & delivering a course that covers the key building blocks and path to consider when planning and deploying a digitally-driven business strategy.
It’s a very insightful
course. Thank you to BCG! I have understood the exponential impact of
technology and how deconstruction of industry stack is key to massive
innovation in several businesses
Structure and content are well organised and comprehensive. Only thing to improve is some of the presenters' presenting style and skill should be unjustified to be more appealing and clearer.
It covers a very comprehensive range of concepts related to digital transformation, from strategy to technology. I do expect to have a more detailed illustration of a real example.
First of all I want to thank for providing such a well designed course to me.I have learned a lot new think which is beyond my imagination I enjoyed the learning  a lot.
Great course detailing the background, the theories, examples and tools for digital transformation. It lost one star because the background image kept changing colour.
Great for business professionals who wants to learn more about the concept of digital transformation in terms of "knowledge acquisition". Syllabus is well thought of.
It was an exhaustive training with detailed and good coverage of Digital Transformation topics. Quiz questions could have been asked in simpler and straight way.
Very good course. It provides a framework for digital transformation and gives examples of practical implications in a wide range of industries. I learned a lot.
Good overview - some interesting topics. Doesn't up-skill anybody to be a Digital Transformation expert but does give good direction in topics to pursue next.
Ok overall, although it may be due for some updates.  The area evolves too fast; for instance, the 2-speed IT concepts may need to be revisited.  stay agile!
The course is very insightful and informative. It would be nice if there could be practical sessions or projects for the students to dirty their hands with.
Great learning, however, the course material per week is long. It'd be better if it was divided into more weeks, like may be 5/6 weeks rather than just 4.
Well structured overall. But they are reading the prompter or just recite from memory. And some concepts are too difficult, to "consulting" to comprehend.
Good course but would have liked some of the components to go in more details. However a good study to get an overview of Digital Transformation concepts.
Great content, format and dynamic! Quite interesting for those that already know about digital transformation and for those who are starting this journey!
Good introductory course.  If you asked me, it will be nice to see different C-level people talking about their experiences too.  Great starting point.
Gives a good idea of how digital transformations work and what all is needed to be considered and taken care of while carrying out this transformation.
The course is well established and the interview part gives the real experience of how the different approaches can be implemented during digitize.
Helpful frameworks and information. More details, practical examples (vs generalities) would have been helpful, but overall good course. Thank you!
This is a good course, moreover for executives, who want a bird's eye view of the Digital transformation journey and a strategy for their company.
It's a very informative course, starting from scratch. People with no background in Digital Systems can learn how Digital Transformation works.
Very interesting and informative. I liked the models. The interviews with experts were less interesting to me. Overall a very good experience.
very GOOD AND NICE LEARNING EXPERIENCE. SUGGEST WE CAN ADD MORE PRACTICAL CASE STUDIES WHIH CAN BE USEFUL TO UNDERSTAND COMPLEX CONCEPTS
Thanks for the quite informative course.  The Framework on Strategy and key building blocks were well illustrated with examples.
Very useful and relevant course that all companies need to consider for their business strategy. I enjoy this course very much.
Great experience and very good structure and overview of a broad topic. Could go into more detail at some points though!
The course is well structured to give an overview of the context, technologies and approach for Digital transformation.
Useful and comprehensive take, but could be a bit more practical in sharing the process to set a DT project in motion
Great Course ! Give and comprehensive idea about the way that digital transformation evolves and affect our industry,
The transcriptions are really horrible, some words don't make any sense, but the course is great. I learned a lot!
Extremely useful and practical course. Very learned and practical solutions provided by BCG thought leaders
Great summary of strategy implementation. Would need a refresh as some statements are already 3 years old.
Overall a good course, but more documentation from BCG would have reinforced the frameworks presented.
A  great foundation for starting digital transformation journey. Good content and delivery. Thank you.
Very good course covering the fundamentals and discussing how to apply in your business environment
Interesting course to being with understanding the digitization currently happening  in the world.
Atual and relevant discussions and contributions for a successful digital transformation journey
I found this course is great for understanding what is the digital transformation - Riyadi Akbar
Really well explained. I not being from a business background could still understand it easily.
Provides a good overview and framework on how to get along the Digital Transformation journey.
It was interesting albeit indeed a beginners course. Nonetheless educational and stimulating!
Concepts delivered with solid examples, both illustrative, as well via interviews with SME's.
The course is very insightful! I think there should be more resources for Modules 1 and 2.
Good enough to have a supercial approach on what is digital transformation.  Thank you.
Clearly a few years outdated, but overall a great course on digital transformation.
The building block for Digital Transformation was the better part of the course
Good but can get very technical. Did not enjoy week 3 with its focus on trends.
Thanks , added lots of value to my thinking regarding digital transformation.
More deep down logical and practically help in real life business journey!
Excellent course with great exposure to real-time problems and solutions.
Good course to enhance understanding on overvie frame for digitalization
Give a good overview and examples are provided for better understanding.
This course has really rich content! A big thank you to the instructors!
Excellent course content. Quizzes can be a bit tricky in the wording.
Some parts of the course are a bit outdated but great overview
In-depth information with good examples from industry experts.
Very good course, interesting and well presented. Well done!
It needs a little update, but contents still very valuable.
Good course to understand what is digital transformation
A very vast subject, fantastically fitted in 4 weeks!
good content, big thanks to BCG and univ of Virginia
Contemporary, concise and easy to follow structure
excellent course but could have been more graphic
New way of presentation specially the interviews.
very informative and share in a structured way
It was excellent. Got to learn many new things
More Real World examples to be added please.
Decent, look forward to a detailed course
Very good course. Nice and light lessons.
Great training for the era Digitization
Great content, interviews and examples
Great introduction to this wide topic
highly informative with nice mentors
nice explanations with real examples
This course is useful and practical!
A solid and useful study.
Where is the cert link?
The examples and
This is the first MOOC I have completed and I must say it was wonderfully presented. As an Undergraduate Business student in an Indian college with outdated curriculum and deficient teaching methodology courses like these are a blessing. To learn about the background of Technological Innovation in Business and to learn about recent trends in the Business  Sector and how it is transforming the world around has given me a lot of perspective. It was wonderful to learn about the Process of Disruption, Digital Transformation, Blockchain, AI, AM,etc. and the last module where we were taught about how organizations can use Digital Transformation Strategy in alignment with their resources and their business ecosystem. The Interviews with the BCG experts were very insightful, perhaps my favorite part of the entire course. Regarding the course content and methodology, I think some modules were a little overwhelming in terms of the information but that is alright since we can always rewatch videos. The tests were wonderful as they required us to use the concepts we learnt and apply them on real life scenarios. This course did not have peer reviewed assignment but made up for it with brilliant quizzes, which I believe are better than most quizzes and peer reviewed assignments in other MOOCs.  
I hope to see more Strategy courses from BCG and Darden UVA.
very insightful!  The syllabus is very well thought of and very understandable from a perspective of a non - tech person. the takeaways really help in summarizing the knowledge / lessons per module.
Perfectly created content, timed and packaged extremely well. Would recommned to everyone in my ecosystem!
Very helpful course to broaden understanding of Digital Transformation implications.  Nice introduction to  solid notions which, so far, only had a conceptual presence in my mind.  Very much appreciate the diversity of roles and nationalities; missed seeing more women in senior roles.  This is not a feminist comment; rather a gender statement ... it almost feels as if digital transformation was a masculine capability.  Regardless, very excited about the main takeaways.  Looking forward to understanding its potential applications in the fashion industry.  Thank you.
Having heard of this term every single hour of working with a consultancy, finally feels great to have a structure in my mind to understand, adapt and explain what digital Transformation really is!
The course material is fantastic and was delivered capably by the instructors. the interviews with the experts were value adds and provided good insights into the application of the concepts.
Great course! Offered me the opportunity to understand the exponential impact of technology and how deconstruction of industry stack is key to massive innovation in several businesses.
It is a very comprehensive course that the materials are well prepared.  Thank you to BCG!  I have refreshed my knowledge, learnt many new concepts and on how to apply them.
I have yet to complete this course and was planning to quickly review it for any additional information to supplements my courses on Digital Strategy and the Future of Work courses from my People Analytics studies with AIHR Academy and MyHRFuture. (I am also taking classes in Data Science). I just become completely enthralled by this course, the case studies, and the outline of things to come. The reflection questions have provided me with guides to express how I have contributed to business transformations in the past, or how attempts to change technology platforms have failed earlier in my career. I'm so pleased I took the time to review this course. I highly recommend this course to everyone! I found examples from so many industries and it really helped me think clearly about my own situations.  Thank You! Brooke Zimet, SPHR, SHRM-SCP
I first opted for a free enrolment to the program, I learned for a week and stopped when it prompted for money, went to find other similar courses on other platforms but the impact of the first week session was so deep on me that it brought me back to the course, made me pay for it and after finishing the course I feel so glad I deed and feel so enriched. The course is structured very well, the content, the interviews, the videos, the description is so relevant, to the point and impactful. The exercises in between and weekend reviews really keep you tested on your understanding. The Coursera platform is one of the best e-learning platforms that I have experienced. Kudos to the BCG team, I now know why BCG is The BCG, look forward to more from and with BCG, and Coursera. Thanks, Darden School of Business and the University of Virginia.
The course provides a very well thought out overview of digital transformation for organizations. Lecturers provide a range of tools and frameworks behind the theory, real-life examples to illustrate concepts taught, and common pitfalls to watch out for. The interviews of fellow BCG-ers and various polls are extremely helpful to get a glimpse into practice and into fellow students' perspectives. There are no lecture materials nor readings, so prospective students should be prepared to take lots of notes. There is also no final exam nor final peer assignment, which would have helped students really consolidate their learning. Great job!
Although I already knew a lot about digital transformation, this course is highly recommended by me. In a structured way, it goes through the entire scale of what digital transformation is, can, does, how to implement to practical tips. It really takes some perseverance, but achieving this grade is definitely worth a compliment. The only comment I have is that the course sometimes seems a bit outdated when you look at the examples and expressions like '... in 2020...', it is already 2020! On the other hand, it was more than fine in terms of content.
This course is really well crafted. You will get a strong overview of how to empower a company to make it fully digital. All facets of this transformation are covered including a framework which helps pave way to define our own transformation plan for any company. If you are interested in strengthening your understanding of the subject starting from the very basics up to a practical framework to digitally transform companies, then this course is a must!
After going through this course it has now enabled me to have an structured approach towards Digital Transformation by following the strategies & implementation strategies discussed in the course.
Very good course with practical case studies and interviews. Also the presentations were very nice by the BCG people. The teaching style was very approachable and fun especially by Amane Dannouni.
The course is great. The instructors have an amazing knowledge. The materials are very good. I would like to thank Amane, Ching Fong and Micheal for their effort and examples during the course.
Super value! Awesome insights into many aspects of business, strategy, operations and technology. Concise content effective in driving the key points. Along with practical examples across industries. I like Prof Michel Lenox and Prof. Aman. Very impressive in their knowledge and delivery. Only 2 pieces of constructive criticism - 1) we should be able to submit answers to the real quizzes (graded) even if we are just auditing the course (we don't care for the certificate but it's good to see how we perform and get some grade at the end of finishing the course!) and 2) week 3 and 4 are toooooooo much in content compressed within 1 week. Maybe both can be divided into at least 2 parts to make it total 6 week course. Anyway, thanks to all involved in making this course (knowledge) available to us.
The course is a perfect first theoretical approach to the Digital Transformation. I have learnt about the technologies that have triggered the Digital Transformation, about disruption and the life cycle of industries and a framework to understand and to speak about Digital Transformation; it has gotten a much more tangible concept for me. Also it was important for me the part of the course about how a company should face the Digital Transformation, and which tools does it have.The extension of the course was perfect and it covers all the subjects I expect when I saw the name of the course. I would have liked to have some written tests, not multianswer ones. I think it is a better way to prove one has learnt something from the lessons.
This is an unbelievable course!  It is amazing how the course is put together in a precise and concise manner which offers so much educational value. The syllabus is very well put together, in logical sequences which makes learning enjoyable. The videos are also of high quality, and the interviews done with the BCG experts are so insightful!  Don't be fooled by thinking it is only a 4-week course and it can only offer basic materials.  The materials in this 4-weeks course are immense, because it goes direct to the point and complements it with interviews of real life experiences.  I have been 24 years in business and I still find this course very useful. If you are passionate about digital transformation, you really need this course!
Thank you for developing such a comprehensive course! This has cleared up the fundamentals of Digital transformation for me and I think this will help me in developing the right mindset to adapt to disruption. The trainers are amazing and explain everything really well.I would just like to point out that there are many mistakes in subtitles and transcripts which should be corrected to avoid confusion. I did this course to help my own company as well as consult my clients on their companies journey. I hope this knowledge enables me to advise and help them achieve their business goals.Looking forward to the next updated version of this course, as we learned that the technological advances are going to keep changing exponentially,
Each module of this course has been designed as a stepping stone in your journey towards digital transformation. The expert interviews helped a lot to again a better perspective of different concepts explained in the course. The framework, facts & figures methodologies, trends are explained in kitchen table language which is very easy to grasp and build upon. Only aspect which I really missed while attending this course was real life case studies, although the expert interviews talked  multiple times about digital transformation of journey of some companies. In addition to that, some chapters in the course are a bit old, which definitely need some revisions keeping the  in trends in technology and digital capabilities.
Glad to have had the opportunity to pursue the course on “ digital transformation “.The modules well precisely designed for a non technical, non IT say like us from business domain to have us thoroughly engaged in the exercise.The speakers were brilliant!The examples were relevant and the user could connect to those , the interviews with subject matter experts were thought provoking.Yes beyond the test and the certification, the over all experience was memorable, transformative to our existing mindset and nudged to reaffirm that digital disruption is a reality and is going to impact all spheres, it’s about “when” and not “if” :)
One word for this course? Fantastic! Even though some explanation are still unclear for me e.g., the concept of Blockchain, the overall of the course was fascinating. I think one point is because the course was a well balanced in both the theoretical and practical. Due to the fact that it is a collaboration of academia (Darden School of Business) on the one side and one of the world most admired management consulting firm (BCG) on the other. One thing that I have a doubt with is the workload of last (4) week. It was exhausted. If possible, divide that into 2 weeks and make the course a 5 weeks long.
I would like to express my gratefull feelings about the course and the content of the course. It was a great experience for me to gain more knowledge in the field of Digital Transformation and learn all the required techniques to help my team and my organization to solve complex problems with the tools and methods learned from this course. I highly recommned  BCG, University of Virgina under the umbrilla of Coursera above all others specially in Digital Transformation. It provides the course materials at your own pace, time and with the best ever support network ever.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. It gave a solid background on concepts of digital transformation, the driving technologies and how large organizations are both impacted as well as how they can manage the process to their advantage. I have been working for technology vendors on the areas of cloud, AI and big data and selling their solutions to large enterprises. This course provided a nice theoretical and practical context that I can use in my high-level engagement with decision-makers. The quality of the content and the presenters are excellent.
A surprisingly interesting and useful course made by the University of Virginia and BCG collaboration.All topics are well structured and presented by authors.I really liked the references and comparisons in this course between "old school" corporates and digital advanced startups, interviews with executive managers who have experience in real transformation cases. This course is not about IT transformations of businesses, this course about organizational model transformation, culture, and value delivery transformations as well.
This was my first course with Coursera and for that matter any online learning platform. I would say the experience has been tremendous and beyond words. The course was very well researched, structured and brilliantly presented. My knowledge level has seen significant uptick on every aspect of digital transformation, the impact, risks and the pitfalls. I am much better prepared to lead or advice on how to move ahead with a digital journey. Great Course!! Thanks to the BCG Team and Darden School, University of Virginia.
An excellent insight into the journey of Digital Transformation for large and small scale organizations. It helped me understand and appreciate how digitization, innovation and technology is disrupting the economy and various businesses. The deep dive into understanding trends like Big Data, IOT, Cloud Computing, Cyber Security, 3D printing, AI and Block chain followed by the customer-led digital transformation journey  with emphasis on Agile was truly insightful. Great job by Ching, Amane, Sonja and Mike. Thank you!
While I have been following the Digital Transformation trend and its impact on various industries I didn't have then all nailed down into a structure which could be applied / used to analyse a business.The course did a good job in helping me connect the dots with starting from the basics and going all the way in highlighting the emerging trends which would be most impactful in the future which providing a good framework to make use of the knowledge to drive the digital transformation agenda.
This is a very comprehensive yet  intensive course that provides a solid understanding of the "Digital Transformation" by  clearing the myths around this broad topic and providing a solid tools & frameworks to enable successful transformations. A very useful course for those aspiring to get involved in Business Strategy where Digital technologies are bringing lot of uncertainty in the business environment requiring the businesses to rethink/ re-align their strategy to survive and thrive
A very good course in collaboration with BCG, Darden, and Coursera. BCG's wide and extensive experience in helping clients from across domains was very helpful in explaining the different challenges faced by organizations and the new trends they are adopting to face the challenges from platforms and startups. The course provides a very handy framework for individuals to assess the situation and how to go about digitally transforming the company to remain a dominant player in the market.
Excellent course. Very well structured (it builds up progressively) and ends up with actionable references (knowledge pieces, a solid framework and inspiring examples).The speakers do a superb job. As well as the interviewees. It's clear it has been extremely well-thought and planned. And very well executed. I liked it. And it's going to be applicable and useful to my company reality.I wholeheartedly recommend it. But do your best to pass Week 3 and get into Week 4. It's worth it.
My name is Jose Antonio. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career ( https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11) I did this course as a Coursera Beta Tester,  to get new knowledge about Digital Technologies and better understand the digital transformation process. The course was excellent and the classes well taught by the Teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and all the Teachers that contribute for this course.Regards.Jose Antonio.
A Very good course , with an excellent digital transformation framework provide by BCG and University of Virginia Darden School of Business. It loved the way the course was presented with examples, interviews with senior partners from BCG, and also the tests at the end of each module. I have though a suggestion for this course, it should add reference materials or reading materials for each module. Thank you for this wonderful course.
This is an excellent introduction to the concept of Digital Transformation. You will be able to have a basic understanding of the technological trends that are shaping the new economy, and you will also get presented a framework that describes the building blocks you need to know in case you decide to embark in the Digital Transformation journey. Thanks to all the instructors for having developed a high quality and well taught course.
This is an excellent big picture view of how digital technologies are reshaping companies. I have no technology background or experience and found the fundamentals of how companies are organised and how technology is allowing companies to be disintegrated absolutely essential to my understanding of what might come next. I found the presenters very knowledgeable and the interviews insightful. The BCG folks are impressive presenters.
While this course seems to be from 2017 it provides very clear formulated lessons on the technologies that are still highly relevant and shaping today. I appreciate how this course goes beyond just simply listing the benefits of digital transformation, but rather showcases what components come together and how they do. Impact of technologies is clearly communicated and advice on the application of digital transformation is given.
Great introductory course on digital transformation. I want to thank Michael, Amane, Sonja and Ching Fong for this course! Good mix of theory (by UoV) and practice (BCG). Though, there are two areas of improvement: 1) Peer-graded assignments - this improves the learning process a lot and also encourages to cooperate with other students.  2) Content update - digital is fast-paced environment. Some content requires an update.
Very comprehensive and well structured class that explains in detail what digital transformation is, what it entails and how to approach it for your own business. I found it especially interesting to look at digitization from a corporate, business side and to try to translate the findings and concepts onto the public sector. Definitely enjoyed the class and am certain I will come back to my notes frequently in the future.
There's a ton of information packed into this one course. If you are new to industry 4.0 and agile concepts, it'll will probably require extensive external studying. But if you are already in deep in the industry, it nicely connects all the different concepts together. Insights from BCG thought leaders as well industry case studies where the principles were applied really cement together everything taught in this course.
Well organized with good content & plenty of example & expert interviews. Neat work!Very good overview of core digital concepts & fundamentals.Decent overview of new trends & factors to consider for implementation.Very good course to make business cases, make supporting arguments & influence decision-makers!Could definitely up the complexity & make it more content heavy or introduce an advanced course!Thank you!Pranava
This course does a great job summarizing at a high level what a modern digital transformation entails across industries and the globe. Great examples provided from public and private domains and a thorough dissection of upcoming technologies, for the time that it was created.  An updated curriculum may be necessary, give the break-neck speed of technological progress which is actually covered in the very first module.
This course shows an absolutely methodical and structured framework with which IT leaders can approach, adopt and possibly excel in Digital transformation. Examples of real customers who have successfully adopted and excelled in the fourth industrial revolution also promises that this change is not easy but not definitely feasible. Thanks BCG and University of Virginia to come with such a professional grade course.
Very well structured, paced and presented. This course is packed with great insight to give you an overview of digital disruption, transformation. Fantastic framework to understand where, how and why disruption is happening, an overview of the tech trends we hear of and an approach to think about when coming up with a digital strategy. Highly recommended even for people working through transformation initiatives.
This course on Digital Transformation gives a good strategic view. The BCG Framework for Digital Transformation is quite comprehensive and well thought through. I see that components highlighted in framework have practical relevance in our Digital Transformation Journey. Thanks to BCG, University of Virginia and all Faculty Members and support staff for creating such a wonderful course with practical utility.
A comprehensive introductory course, that allies a good structure of theoretical content with practical examples of companies going through the challenge of digital transformation. This is a strategy course, then, it provokes us to strategically think about how the changes in the environment are affecting the business dynamics. It is an inspiring first step to learn more about how to digitalize companies.
I thank the BCG team for this clear, deep and effective Digital Transformation course. My previous professional experience in the field of technology has brought me closer to this important phenomenon, which is changing the user experience in all forms. I had a good idea of its scope but it was not structured enough to try to lead an transformation process. Now I am better prepared and empowered to do so.
By far the best course I have taken on any online program. The materials was both insightful and immediately applicable to my leadership needs. And the unique instructional approach with embedded quizzes was very effective in keeping me on track with learning. Clearly the collaboration of academics with practitioners was very effective. I hope to see more courses joining produced by BCG and Darden.
The course contents are quite clear and gives a good foundation knowledge about the digital transformation.  Having spent about 26+ years in various Banks and worked on digitization projects this gives a deep understanding about the concepts and were able to related to my job.   Special credit to Amane Dannouni who has been outstanding with his presentation and his examples are simply awesome !!
It's a great course to start your understanding of the underlying principles behind digital disruptions and how your organisation can prevent it. The course is well structured and would inspire you to learn more about the upcoming technologies. Real life instances from BCG helped me to understand the scenarios better. Hope to find more such courses from BCG and University of Virginia in future.
Really excellent learning opportunity. Format of content and delivery was exceptional.  Practice quizzes were very helpful.  Content was very relevant to what our company is going through. It provided an impartial look at industry so we can draw comparisons on our own.  Deeper dives into explaining things like bitcoin, history of these kinds of transformations along with case studies was great.
Fantastic course. Before now, Digital transformation was just a buzzword for me. Now, I have gained insight into it and can see the need for every company and industry to undertake a digital transformation in order to remain competitive in this times. I have come to realize the errors my company made when embarking on its transformation and now know better approaches to go about it.Thank you
Following Course Helped Me so Much in Understanding About the Different prospects of Digitally Enhanced Environment,Also How we can review a company's Future Prospects and integrity using Technology and its upto date maintained cycle .How Dominant Players in Market use Technology to Transform there business Prospects to keep up with the Market Trends and How That can be useful for all of us
Excellent course. One of the best courses I've taken so far. So much of new information and usable real world techniques to overcome and eradicate challenges. Removal of myths in the industries. Such a quality content. I am really impressed with the efforts and the time that has been put into making these videos from the professionals. Thanks again for bringing this wonderful course to us.
An extremely fascinating, practical and enlightening emersion into the past, present, and future of the role of digital transformation in the formulation of the strategy, competition,  and co-petition,  and leveraging  on organizational  resources and distinctive competencies and in special circumstances   ecosystems  for the purposes of better serving  customers and other stakeholders
A well-researched and strategy-oriented course that addresses digital transformation through a knowledge framework to guide thinking about digital strategy formulation and implementation. I particularly appreciate the alignment of topics with resources and methodologies from beginning to end. Excellent experience and invaluable resources to apply in my role in cognitive technologies.
I recommend it for Digital Transformation enthusiast like me. The course is comprehensive and insightful. It provides the digital transformation framework that could be adopted by many organisations, developed by Boston Consulting Group. Going digital is not just an option today, its a must.  #digitaltransformation #innovation #digitalstrategy #digitaldisruption #BCG #Coursera
I begin by saluting the whole ecosystem of BCG, Darren School and our beloved Coursera, the digital platform provider. It was not only a mind-blowing journey but an eye opener to the 21st century which truly is an exponentially growth oriented and the human mind slow-paced linear one. I would love to go further in this new journey that has well begun in the new decade 2020.
Perfectly balances relevant theory and practical methodology, and in doing so, equips you to set off on a digital transformation journey with sufficient confidence and actionable knowhow. The interviews with industry experts and senior executives are particularly helpful in terms of presenting real world examples of how to execute the lessons learned. Highly recommended.
Very good, high-level overview of Digital Transformation. The course includes real life cases. A full digital transformation, or Agile @ Scale transformation is a massive task and more in-depth explanation with real life examples of how such detailed tacticals should be applied, and the related challanges would be useful before embarking on a full scale transformation.
Great course for those working in transformation groups or trying to understand new technology their company is undertaking, or just understand roles of new colleagues (focused on technology/digital strategy ) better.  Great course for supervisory to senior level leaders of legacy companies, specifically those that feel intimated by changes digital is bringing our way!
This has given me a good understanding of the Digital Transformation subject .This has improved my knowledge of the subject and has helped me scaling up with the key essential and building blocks in the transformation journey.There were many live examples given by the instructors during the course of the learning which helped in understanding better.Thank for this.
I took this course because I want to structure my experience and gain experience on Digital Transformation from BCG. Insightful and top class presented.I would recommend to add more business cases/lessons learned as examples for those learners who want to dive-deeper. Thank you so much! Wishing Coursera more collaborations in future with strategy consulting firms.
This Course is indeed about a subject which is very vast  but presented in a very comprehensive manner. The quality of each lecture is class by itself and well explained with proper supported materials and methodologies in a balanced way(Not too complicated, not too easy ways). I thank BCG for this course and helping many thousands of students like me world over.
Exceptional Course.... the Experts are great plus the content is extremely streamlined. There are lots of expert interviews and real life examples to go with the theories. Also the experts create an engaging experience with minimal distractions during the Video and impromptu questions or insights. Really helpful and would strongly recommend the course to others.
Superb Digital transformation introduction about how companies can obtain value leveraging digital technologies, with the last strategic approaches and tools to be hands on and given by the best experts, in the market field and in the academy, who are great communicators, as well. A great journey which now looks so quick and short, like market evolution today.
Fantastic course. I remember learning about BCG matrix during my GCSE's and A-level's. BCG insight into industry is unparalleled. The content was brilliant and made me think about Digital Transformation in my own life and work (employer) on multiple occasions.I recommend this course for those wanting to gain an understanding of Digital Transformation.
Very well-structured course. Even though
Digital transformation is no more a latest topic, transformation is a continues
journey, the way course is presented provided a structured way to looking at it.
Surely helps in thought process of looking at the today's fast pace changes and what
disruptions can be expected and for why. Overall great course.
This course is a complete foundation for start thinking of your company digital transformation strategy. I would definitely recommend it to those who has some pieces of information regarding new technologies but requires the big picture of how digital transformation works. Many thanks to Darden Business School, BSG and Coursera for this course!
It has taught me how to fundamentally analyse a business model in the present day and how to define a purpose for an organization to step into the digital world in order to use it to the best of its advantage. It also helped me understand various global megatrends and how it would bring about a difference to the overall business ecosystem.
Excellent course, all the topics were very interesting and very well explained by the instructors clearly and precisely, the practical examples presented and the interviews with BCG experts were very important to understand complex concepts clearly.I am enrolled in the specialization because I really like the way the courses are developed.
This is a great course to learn the building-blocks of Digital Transformation. Examples shared and interviews presented in this course was great to understand how others are doing it and how we can replicate the same. I recommend this course to managers & professionals who are looking for a deep understanding on Digital Transformation.
This has to be one of the best online courses I have sat through till date. The delivery is effective and structured and the course includes a lot of cases and expert interviews to throw light on what it means in the real world. This felt very similar to sitting through and MBA class. Kudos to the team and thanks a lot for the effort.
I am responsible for delivering strategic reporting solution using BI tool by working closely with multiple stakeholder from different areas i.e IT, change and sourcing team. So, this course was really important for me and finally, I've got answers of most of the questions which I've got during my job. I will definitely apply this.
The course is progressive in nature yet relevant in the ever evolving world. Even for people who have exposure towards Industry 4.0 and new-age technologies, various modules will help in building a strategic framework to actually orchestrate the digital transformation in live-environment. Beautifully designed and enriching course.
Buying Coursera Plus is one of the best self investment decision I have made in 2020. So far it has provided me access to incredible resources in wide fields of study from management to engineering and also has helped me improve my fundamentals in mathematics and science. I thank coursera for this wonderful Coursera Plus Plan.
This course allowed me to understand the fundamentals of digital on the one hand, but also the importance of aligning the strategy with new technologies. The course is complete, rich in examples, which allows us to truly understand the complex elements sometimes of this field. Very exciting to have participated to this course!
Fantastic comprehensive look at the digital changes in the world. Explores many fundamental legacy concepts, new ways of thinking, and past, present, future look at digital transformation across many industries. Very impressive and a good place to start if your are interested in how technology is changing the modern world.
Fantastic course with good structure and format that you can learn at your own pace online during 4 weeks. I've learned a lot about the basic drivers of the Digital Transformation, its impacts and challenges, strategic approaches, insights and best practices from real projects, as well as useful tools, frameworks and tips.
I'm really grateful to all of you. It's a really great course for me because before I didn't have any idea about Digital Transformation, like Digital marketing, and at this moment all over the world depends on online marketing. everyone is working online, our life depends are online because of the pandemic. Again thanks.
This course was really helpful in understanding all the hypes surrounding digital transformation in corporate world. The knowledge was made easier to digest. Just a minor comments that, some of the scripts displayed was not aligned with the videos (not all, just a number of videos). Hopefully this will be rectified soon.
This is one of the best course I have attended recently. The usp of this course is not just talking about the success and how to enable digital transformation, but also discussing about the failures and what not to do in a digital transformation journey. Interviews with leaders and walkthru of ICO was very insightful.
In a nutshell, I simply LOVED this course.  It covers the basics of digital transformation in a very concrete way while also allowing for many abstract discussions about the different technologies involved and how they can affect my own business.  Very thought provoking and definitely worth both the time and money.
Though this course was challenging, it opened my eyes on this important subject. I really learnt a lot and it will help me in my day to day work, knowing a lot of disruption are now inevitable as well that we need to create them to better compete in today's business world.Thank you so much Team for equipping me.
Really helpful in laying the foundation and creating a structured approach to the digital transformation journey for incumbents. The economics of digital transformation and insights on current digital trends were also helpful. Must take course if you are keen on understanding and undertaking the digital journey.
It was very interesting to learn about digital transformation, it's not just about technology, it's about the market that the company is in, the level of maturity, the strategy, it's much more complex than adopting cutting edge technology and expecting great results Many thanks to Coursera BCG and Darden School
The best Coursera course I've ever take.The tutor have assembled a deep, well-thought-through material, which covers both the conceptual side (frameworks, trends, "big picture") and the business implications, via a very diverse set of examples and case studies.Only negative aspect: no materials to be downloaded
Thank you for the fascinating course curriculum. The lectures were crisp, clear with great visual content. I enjoyed every single lecture and learnt many new concepts and acronyms. This is probably a MUST course for all the professionals who are going to embark the journey on Digital Transformation. Thank you.
This course is great. Goes directly to the topics, without entering in much detail but the necessary to understand the impact of each one on a digital transformation journey. It covers the necessary knowledge of business development to understand how a transformation process should be driven. Great work team!
Really great course with interesting perspectives and expert opinions. The materials are extremely carefully prepared and help you to complete each part of the course. All in all, I consider the course to be the best way to get started in terms of business optimization in combination with digital challenges.
Very good course for beginners to acquire basic knowledge on digital transformation.  I enjoyed this online learning and the case studies sharing are relevant and course contents are good, easy to understand and digest.  Highly recommend for those beginners who wants to learn about digital transformation.
Very good overview of technological trends, how they interrupt and support business development in a digital age, practical use cases and lots of case studies to deepen the understanding. Great for building a base understanding of digital transformation and steer hunger for further, more detailed learning
Although I was very familiar with several of the Digital Transformation disrupting technologies, without doubt, the course added much value from the business perspective. I enjoyed it and learned many useful insights that gave me new tools to deliver more value in my consulting practice to my customers.
I highly recommend this course for everyone interested in the digital transformation and new digital trends, the tutors are amazing, they explain everything in details with real-life business examples. I'm sure you will have a solid understanding of new digital trends after finishing this great course.
Thanks for Digital Transformation course that BCG and University of Virginia Darden School of Business have jointly developed. The course contains a lot of real business cases and gives a deeper understanding of the most impactful digital technology for a business environment today and in the future.
Everything you taught, I was doing them instinctively as Digital Transformation Catalyst at Philip Morris. I faced so many trials and errors, and finding my own way and framework. Strangely, they look similar to yours. I wished I took your course so I could accelerate success and prepare myself more.
The course was beautifully classified and brings the content of digitization to a base level where everyone can understand. Use cases discussed were so relevant and amazing to learn what was missing in the business scenarios. Structured it so well so that you are hooked to complete the course soon.
My first course using Coursera. I am pleasantly surprised. Relevant content presented clearly by subject matter experts.I failed to download the videos prior the deadline. Is it possible to do it after? How?I find the combination of video and written material/transcripts very reinforcing.Thanks.
Love how the course is structured. There is good balance between theory and use cases. Also appreciate how the speakers are speaking slowly and having pauses in between for audience to digest and reflect along the way. Highly recommended for folks who are interested in Digital Transformation!
Excellent material and example shared. This is important for employees to understand the changes going around their organization due to the digitization happening in the world and how best the organization can pivot to adapt to it and the place we can contribute to add value for organization.
The course provide a comprehensive justification of the why even care about Digital Transformation with clear examples from industry leaders and CEOs. It wraps it all up with BCG's framework for Digital Transformation where all the pieces and their relationship is laid out in a clear manner.
I learned how to improve human performance better by recognizing digital transformation role in shaping it . Also, this course has helped me to develop a better understanding about where individual, team, system and target of any given company can utilize this issue using a sound framework.
This course met me at the right level of interesting content, emerging trends and actionable strategies. The interviews and dialog elements contributed to my overall understanding and appreciation for the complexities in transforming our thinking to unlock authentic transformative action.
Excellent comprehensive course that allows the learner to both learn the concepts but see how they work with real world examples.  Instructors were highly engaging and knowledgeable.   This is very worth the time and commitment.  It encouraged me to try different courses from UVA Darden.
This course provides an extensive insight and knowledge around Digital Transformation. I really enjoyed the course delivery and the content from esteemed trainers. This definitely gives an edge to my current and aspirational roles that I am looking for in my career. Thank you once again!
The course is very well done. The approach is very pleasant, it is clear in content and form and the topics are tackled from a strategic point of view giving the right vision to start thinking about a digital transformation in a company. It would be nice to have access to a higher level.
It has been a great learning experience about agile@scale and deep understanding of the customer journey. Digital transformation is critical for long-term success for any enterprise, and this class prepares individuals to become digital-ready! Thank you so much for creating this course!
Thanks for this course,  I found this course very relevant for the digital transformation of my organization.all the digital trends, transformation frameworks and tools are effectively covered  and explained clearly , this will help me in the digital transformation of my organization.
I have taken several Digital Transformation courses recently and this is the most actionable by far, its probably because it conjugates academics with real-world consulting expertise from BCG, the BCG DT framework itself is worth time and effort by a large factor, thanks and congrats!
A thoroughly enjoyable course, filled with lots of great examples, interviews, and thought provoking ideas. Would recommend for anyone who's company is looking to go through an digital transformation formally, or those who are interested in ways industries are impacted by technology.
I would say that, the course itself is a journey....a wonderful experience to attend this course: A well designed, fundamental, futuristic digital course by engaging people to think in line of ambidexterity with data & relevant information by crating a virtual interactive ecosystem.
A highly recommended approach, "glueing" together loose components of digital transformation, into a comprehensive and useful tool that will allow for meaningful interaction with company peers and clients alike. Thank you all, keep up the good work and aim for a "to be continued"!
Excellent course. It is comprehensive and offers a lot of insights into the digital transformation execution and challenges. The concepts need to be thought through well after the completion of the course and revisited when applying in the real world. Great learning experience.
Thank you very much BCG and University of Virginia. This amazing initiative it´s an exemple of commitment with Business and Technology Lifecycle. Helping people to increase their knowledge on how to be better and makes the world better through Digital Technology Transformation
Excellent material and frameworks taught in this course. One needs to assess the state of their function and try to map it accordingly to the level of transformation that is necessary and to keep oneself in sync with the changes that might take place in the coming 2-3 years.
I would like to thank the creators of this course.  It was very well organized and engaging throughout.  I learned a great deal from each of the lecturers and also got some excellent recommendations for additional resources in the process.  It was a very valuable experience.
It is an exceptional course which helps you in understanding adoption of digital transformation in organisations through BCG's frameworks. The course covers some real time examples of success and failures of organisation globally in adoption of inefficient digital strategy.
Materials were well organized and presented.  The BCG group and Univ of VA presenters are extremely knowledgeable and passionate about what they do and are keen to share their expertise and insights.  I recommend this course to anyone interested in digital transformation.
An excellent course to learn latest business challenges, technological advancements, competitions challenges, develop and execute digital transformation strategy. A must to have course for people interested to help their organization to overcome transformation challenges.
Course is rightly paced and properly structured. It was logical at the same time tightly packed. The best part is the practical examples given during the course which make one understand the concept clearly. Highly recommended for all digital transformation professionals.
Excellent overview in tying up all the elements together for a 360 degree view on how enterprise's should approach digital transformation. The real life examples and interviews from experts really add a lot of value to improve our understanding on this topic. Thank you !
It was a great opportunity to understand deeper about concepts that underlie
the Digital Transformation. The practical examples and the didactics were
great. Congratulations for this great initiative and thanks for giving us the
opportunity of having so valuable content.
While I already have some exposure to digital concepts and trends, this was an excellent refresher. The BCG interviews were very insightful and I got some practical insights into implementation of these concepts and frameworks going forward. Highly recommend this course.
Very well conceived course. Instructors were lucid in their explanations and very easy to comprehend which kept the interest in the course alive.  I would sincerely request the team to include a separate more elaborate module covering Design Thinking and Agile at scale.
"From an engineering student interested in Technology to a freelancer consultant (trying to help the small-scale companies) who can confidently discuss, explain, argue and implement concepts about Digital Transformation", this is what these lectures helped me to become!
Very well structured course touching upon all the points of Digital Transformation. Also, superbly delivered by UVA and BCG teams along with informational interviews. Right mix of Academic and Industrial knowledge. Loved it and would apply it and recommend it for sure!
This course taught me different technological impacts that I never felt was possible. I learned that learning different Softwares cannot make a better decision-maker but understanding and investing in better visionary decision making can create an impact for my career,
Course was very engaging. I learned something new with every module. Mini assessments ensured retention and quizzes were great at brining it all together. Instructors and guests were very informed and attached a way to apply each concept and idea to a real environment.
Hi,I am happy to take this course. It is very unique experience to learn from both BCG and Business School perspective. With the given business cases it has become more realistic and capturing. Thanks to the readings that will deepen our understanding.Kind Regards
Dear Friends, I have done many online courses but this course is unique in many ways. I will suggest everyone having some knowledge of English and Internet to do this, as it will transform your thinking process. Thanks, Aman for the best explanations and examples.
Highly recommended. With finishing the course I feel gaining on transformation processes which are occuring by digitalization. I felt lost, didn't understand what was going on and now I am happy to understand the matter. Thank you for this well structured course!
It is a very clever approximation to new trends of Digital Transformation. The teachers and the contains are clear, friendly but serious and deeper. I recommend this course to everyone who wants learning about the immediate changes which will happen in business.
This course is designed very well. I am going to entered in week 3 & I start seeing things differently. I mean people might say that the growth of XYZ industry has become stagnated but no it's the Digital Transformation requirement for that particular industry.
This is a truly value adding course. For people who are looking to transition to the transformation role or are already involved in the same, I would highly recommend this. By learning a very well structured approach, the probability of success will be high.
Very informative and insightful course, this course takes you through a complete journey of transformation starting from scientific causes and historical facts till revolutionary trends and how organizations may start to transform their business digitally!
Great course, I was tired of having all tech vendors coming up with their biased interpretations of digital transformation.   This course settles the basics in a solid, clear way and identifies the key ingredients required for having a successful process!
I loved this course and looked forward to each and every module! The content is informative, organized and highly-applicable. The course offers real-world frameworks and guides for any business to start its journey into digital transformation. Thank you!
The best online course I have sat through in a long while. The quality of the video presentations, expert interviews and case studies all met and exceeded my expectations. I will be back to Coursera and its partners for more qualitative online learning.
Clear explanation of new technologies and how they are impacting the business world. How adoption of new technologies to accelerate growth can be challenging. Introduced high level ideas on how to drive Digital Transformation and how to avoid pitfalls.
Rich content and clear exposition of the themes. The course's structure offers broad opportunity to the students to compare the  material and ideas with the practical life. Highly recommended for those who want to start the digital disruption journey.
I have had the great time listening to all the lectures because it was put forth with suitable examples and in very sorted way. I have explored the actual focus areas in digital world and their significances with the help of this course. Thank you.
This Course taught me to think digitally and would be very useful for to coach my PG students in the University Department of Management. Kudos to the resource persons.  Insightful interviews with experts are the added advantage for the learners.
An absolute eye opener.! Glad I took the course. In today's world of ever changing business needs and rapid technological advancement coupled with aggressive competition among industry players, there is absolute need to up-skill and evolve fast.
It was a great learning experience. It helped me in understanding the fact that Digital transformation is more of a business issue than an IT issue. The interviews with the practitioners were simply great and helped in demystifying the subject.
The course has been well designed and well articulated by a team of facilitators who are leading industry experts. Their deep expertise on digital technologies and business understanding helped understand this rather complex subject with ease.
Good insight into the challenging world of digital transformation.  Course material and how it was presented gave food for thought and wasnt all spoon fed at too low a level.  Enjoyable and certainly feel more knowledgeable after this course.
Very enjoyable delivery. Mix of presenter, interviews and location visit is bit refreshing. In addition, some simple message we thought we know, but the way they are conveying the message enable me to think even further. Recommended Course.
Wonderfully explained! The part I liked the most is the context-based questions. If you just think a bit critically while answering the questions of this course, you'll learn a lot and will be able to identify what's wrong in your industry.
Fantastic course! Comprehensive, logically structured, practical, and truly thought-provoking. I recommend the course to every professional seeking to understand the broader context and business implications of current technology trends.
Really a great course. Very insightful and for sure applicable in jobs. This is for sure the present / future of the global business strategy so is very helpful that everyone starts to know and learn in how this transition must me made.
excellent course. very nice description. very deep and very very logical. really a great course. very quality content and people are really really an expert who were presenting this. very broad view of presenting information and logics.
This was a very interesting and illuminating course, on a topic i hope to use to improve my value proposition to my clients & partners, as a Management Consultant & Digital Transformation advisor.Thanks to UVA & BCG for a great course.
Amazing crash course on Digital Transformation. It was perfect course which I was looking for. And it definitely helped me get an overview of what Digital Transformation is, the key trends and framework to get started with. Thank you
Very thorough walk-through Digital transformation, this course gives a full overview of what is at stake and how companies should adapt for future digital age. I strongly recommend this to all business and non-business stakeholders.
Excellent explanation! Simple and engaging! learnt a lot of things as well as this course helped me to have an insight into the digital transformation that's happening and will be happening in the upcoming days! A must-do course!
Course really helped me understand the need for Digital transformation & the benefits that can offer If implemented successfully in my industry. The course material was extremely good with lots of interviews with eminent business
This course brought me up to date with the digital technology trend.I feel equipped to take on new tasks in Digital transformation and innovation.Definitely recommended for anyone wanting to make that move in their organisations.
This is an insightful course for any person that wants to understand the rudiments of Digital Transformation. I found it practical because of the case studies used throughtout the course. Thanks BCG and Darden School of Business.
First and second part of this course were very boring. But third and fourth part were incredibly interesting. I started digital transformation in my current company, although I am looking for a new job :) I recommend this course.
This an essential course for all IT professions to enrich their knowledge on how to make IT more effective in non-IT context.In addition, it can be used as a good reference for an academic research on IT researches and critiques.
I found this course very informative especially the fourth module. It helped me get an amazing job in times of Covid-19. I got a jump of three designations in the new company compared to my previous role. What more could I say?
The examples were great and the seminars were helpful. It would be great to get some of the slides as part of the lectures. Some of the subtitles/pronunciations were note clear. But I really enjoyed and it enhanced my learning.
one of the best courses i have taken so far , the structure , the preparation ,the infogarphs all were excellent the only issue is it needs updating as i am taking this course in 2020 some numbers and data needs to be adjusted
video lectures were good and guest speakers added value. However there were a number of errors in the transcript of the videos. on the whole gave an excellent overview of digital transformation which will add value in my work.
Very interesting content. Well paced and in organized.  It would be interesting to hear more real examples of companies that have been successful (or not) in their digital journeys, and exploring those examples more in-depth
Very useful and practical .. only a small part
of it is theoretical .. obviously the topics covered by the university not BCG. I hope we can have more courses with partnerships between universities and big consulting firms.
Fast and entertaining. Interesting for many levels of expertise. Even for people with a lot of hands-on experience, the frameworks and terminology will help be more effective in consulting clients on Digital Transformation.
Very Useful course for an entrepreneur on digital transformation ,it  had balanced material to completely understand what it is nowadays digital transformations , I will continue now with e commerce specialization , Thanks
Excellent and very complete course, addresses all current and interesting topics and allows a methodological framework and real approach, with applied case studies to understand and apply a corporate digital transformation
A very practical course with useful insights. The case studies and related interviews reinforced the learnings quite succintly. A highly recommended course for every employee of an enterprise that is 'Driven by Digital' !!
Excellent course, they compile in a suitable way the immense quantity of theory necessary to understand a digital transformation and in addition they offer practical examples that demonstrate the operation of this theory.
Very good approach, lectures and well prepared speakers. The examples and interviews were also very helpful to understand the big challenges the companies and professionals might face. Than you for this great experience!
Best Digital Transformation Course. I highly recommend for business professionals to understand various elements of Digital World. BCG have done a great work in designing this course. Thanks to Darden school of business.
This course will equip you with the required knowledge and skill to start your digital journey. Hearing from BCG consultants and experts with real life examples and frameworks makes this course unique and knowledgeable.
This course me a deeper insight into fundametal antecedents for digital transformation and the use cases also helped me internalise the knowledge and relate it to my real world business environment. I totally enjoyed it
it was such an enlightening course for me, who has no background at all in digital transformation. the principal of this course has been very helpful in assisting me to comprehend the context of digital transformation.
I thoroughly enjoyed my learning journey where few myths were busted, mostly learnt newer things, importantly all my learning have made me confident of being relevant to the current day. Its now to build and outshine.
I liked the structure of the curse, complex ideas and terms were given in portions. Every lecturer built my understanding gradually. Plus, interviews from specialists gave an additional point of view on the subjects.
Excellent course! Very complete and with a sufficient level of depth to face the subject with solvency and criteria. I consider that it requires at least double the suggested hours in order to get the most out of it.
Excellent overview provided for the entire Digital Transformation journey. Very informative and be taken up as a starting points in case your company is on the verge of undertaking the Digital Transformation journey.
This was a wonderful introduction to Digital Transformation. The lectures were well paced with practical examples. The quiz sections tested the understanding of concepts very well.Overall a great learning experience
This course offered a good mix of videos, interactive prompts for contemplation and quizzes to reinforce learning.  I highly recommend this to anyone looking to further their understanding of digital transformation
It was an very interesting course with good insights not on theory but giving lot of practical insights of industry. This help me to use this knowledge while working with my customer in their digital transformation
A wonderful course touching up on literally every aspect of digital transformation right from the various technologies (enablers), strategic paths to digital transformation, till the key ingredients (three layers).
Very structured coverage on Digital technologies, economics and implications. The course is hosted by experts who bring great simplicity and insight on the topics and contribute to an enriched learning experience.
This was a great course! It was well structured and well organized, and had interesting and relevant topics, a great way to start digging into DT. The only negative point was the many errors in the transcripts :)
It was well laid out course , incorporating all key elements pertaining to existing & emerging digital trends/technologies. Gives good insights from functional perspective too, even to a non technical person, yet
Very well structured.  Small bytes of videos with dedicated topics made the content easy to digest. Also a good balance of key/ industry terms and simplified language. Thanks for designing this brilliant course.
Very interesting course. Now I totally understand the structure of the company I work for and their vision. Probably they consulted BCG, because so many similarities, even terminology is not possible otherwise.
Excellent presentation of the material. Interesting and insightful interview videos. Thank you to all the presenters for making by first steps into the journey of digital transformation easier and attractive.
A phenomenonal course talking about the underlying digital transformation businesses will go in future and that to pretty fast. Structured knowledge in simple langage makes this course exciting and engaging!!
Gives a great overview of Digital transformation going through all topics. The BCG and UVA teams created a very comprehensive course that helps a lot to understand concepts and the how to implement. Thank you
It's a fantastic digital transformation journey that I got a full picture how a company should think about the impact of digital trend and how to get prepared to start its own digital transformation journey.
Before enter in course need to change mindset about that digital transformation and after course feeling guts to change some new innovative ideas should come in my mind to change the organisational benifits
Course content has many applications for today's business environment - much more than just digital transformation.  I highly recommend this course for anyone seeking to make a difference through business.
It was an amazing journey. I started off hoping to learn something new but eventually leant a lot from business perspective and in the end believe that this course has definitely whet my appetite for more.
Very good course. The best one I've taken online. Very good instructors, good material and dynamic. And, more importantly, I learned (and I don't really know much about digital trends or how they work...).
It is a great opportunity to learn the nuances of digital transformation initiatives which firms undertake to realize growth, new source of revenues and to leverage their incumbent position in the market.
This course helped me to understand overall transformation process, framework and business needs. This will certainly help me to educate our clients and partners the importance of digital transformation.
The course gives good examples and is useful for the own Company. I could understand much better why  several decision were taken.  Amane should very detailed and easy tounderstand (even for foreigners)
A highly informational course which provide insight of digital trends and core competence required for this ongoing Industrial Revolution 4.0. Highly recommended course of individuals across industries.
Great course to understand the main topics and trends of digital transformation, no matter your role or department, the reviewed infomation is the base to later learn in detailed each digital skill.
This course is of very high quality.Quality of the content (subjects, courses, interviews).Quality of form (illustrations, images, audio).
Quality of learning (pedagogy, questions to think, quizzes)
The course was very focussed on identifying and explaining the structural aspects of Digital Transformation. The practical experiences and knowledged shared helped in decluttering thought process.
It was a very relevant, insightful, and productive course. As a learner, my experience was really good, however, it would be better to have a toolkit on a course for Digitalization Transformation
It was a clear travel on Digital Transformation, and give me the bases to understand the critical subjects, risks and opportunities to facing our Business Digital transformation journey. Thanks!
Amazing course explaining the 5Ws of Digital Transformation. It explained how disruption and digitization can be made at core. Definitely it enhances my perspective on Digital Transformation.
A very informative and in-depth knowledge about modern day requirements and how to meet them while growing your business to meet the demands of the customer and reach business satisfaction.
Really good well structured course with both relevant and very interesting content. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who would like to learn more about Digital Transformation.
Thank you for tredemous efforts of all the trainers & professional who made this course possible. I enjoyed learning this course and will apply in my Digital Transoformation consultations.
Wonderful experience of getting to learn about the Digital transformation / trends & to be introduced to the newer technologies that can potentially change the world we live in - now & for
Amazing path to go through training, balanced curricula between theory 
and practical business cases, get adjusted to changes. Highly 
recommended for visionaries, leaders and innovators.
Very informative and clear. The quizzes also felt very practical aside from just theoretical. Interviews from various experts were really helpful in understanding real-world applications.
It was a really wonderful experience to learn using Coursera. An interactive course design, lots of real world examples and a good food for though to while thinking about transformation.
Great introduction course to the whole picture of digital transfermation. Loved the part of economic perspectives of digtal transfermation. Presentation slides and Visual are really good
Week 2 is good, week 3 is quite generic  but provides with an overview of the main DT tehcnologies, but week 4 and the framwork to guide your path to Digital Transformation is excellent.
It's an excellent and complete course in a journey to initiate
and understand Digital Transformation. Thank you so much for that
great experience, I learned and enjoyed a lot the course
This is a great starter course to learn about forces shaping the current environment and what companies in a similar place are doing. The instructors are good and content is well paced.
The course was very insightful. It is specially useful for technical professionals, so they can grasp the business dynamics behind the digital transformations behind and ahead us.
This course is fantastic. The use cases and examples discussed here was pretty relevant and helps us connect the theory in real time world.  Great content and topics well covered.
I really good starting point to understand how Digital Transformation works and how should structured. I Think I'll come back to consult this material a lot of time in the future.
Very interesting training fully aligned to the reality of the companies who are facing digital transformation. I'd definitely recommend it to my friends and colleagues from work.
This course is very informative for the knowledge of digital age. It would be very useful for our own business environment. Thank you Coursera and all instructors of the courses.
Hands down the best course I have taken on Coursera so far! A fantastic overview of all of the most important aspects to consider in a successful digital transformation strategy.
Great high-level overview of the Digital Transformation topic. Very good level of presentations and support materials. A very good first-step into Digital Transformation journey!
Great knowledge journey! I'm really excited about Digital Transformation in the Companies. The lectures, the interviews were very important to achieve my goals about the subject.
Excellent course to understand the disruptive potential of digital trends, various strategies for navigating between hype and reality, practical use cases for their application.
Interesting course content. It helps provide a context to all the buzzwords around digital transformation that we are exposed to these days. Happy to have completed the course.
Very pleased with the course content, lecturers, case studies and delivery. Highly recommend this course, I've learned a lot and am now eager to learn more about DT. Thank you!
Amazing course! It really helped me to better understand different frameworks in the path of digitalization. I also could learn about new approaches to digital business models
Thank you! This course was really thought provoking, insightful and enjoyable. Got to learn so many things to align myself with the digital needs and strategy for the future.
A very insightful and transformative journey. Digital transformation is happening and the way forward is to embrace it. The course is very rich in contents and illustrations.
Very educative course, with real life examples. I particularly liked the mid-video pauses to gauge understanding, it was interactive. I hope to be taking another course soon.
This is a very exciting course. It covers the basics to understand the key concepts for digital transformation and some of the most important tools involved in this journey.
Super interesting course! I gained many new insights into the topic! I feel comfortable that the course prepared me for projects around digitalization. Thank you very much!
Great material explained in a structured and easy-to-follow structure. Strongly suggested for professionals facing the opportunities of implementing digital transformation
Very insightful and provides first hand knowledge and frameworks to apply Digital Transformation concepts across organisations. Thank you to the creators for this course.
Overall very good class, the blockchain part for me was a bit too superficial so I am not quite sure it really brings value to bring it in. The rest was a very good intro
A great contact on the subject. Examples of all kinds of industries and interviews with professionals who bring great value to the learning process. 
Highly recommended!
Thank you for the course, this was very informative and provided me a very good background and breadth of knowledge across Digital transformation activities and impacts.
Great course,  It comprehends critical aspects that we must know in the digital age. Instructors give clear contents with explicit examples helping us understand better.
Easy accessible and inspiring course giving you a clear overview of the basics of digital transformation. Highly recommended for anyone with an interest in the subject.
Very good lecturers. There was a lot of examples provided with each content portrayed. Even the quizzes of every week was fun and helped understand the concept better.
I learned a lot. and I get to know more about iot, big data, cyber, etc. I also came to know about business impact, the challenges it contains, and the key takeaways.
This course is really great! The challenge is how can we keep up with the exponential growth of technology. There are so much can be happen (transform) in the future.
This is one the very best courses available on digital transformation on any platform. Course is very comprehensive in its coverage and highly recommended . Thank you
A very informative and truly 'transformational' courses. Covers foundations of digital transformation and all the information to help one get started in this journey.
Great course and it shows you where to go next in digital era. Everyone should learn this course if you do not want to loose your way in digital transformation world.
A very complete course with key elements to achieve the successful implementation of digital transformation. It offers a variety of components that enrich learning.
Awesome!  Was able to understand the fundamentals of Digital Transformation and it's building blocks.  Huge thanks to everyone who shared their ideas and knowledge!
Great course, it explains in a very easy way digital transformation, it's very usefull the fact that they present field experts to get deeper knowledge of concepts.
Very structured and complete with practical examples. This course is packed with useful information, frameworks, and strategies but still feels very easy to follow.
Excellent overview of underlying technologies driving the digital transformation and the BCG model which can be used as a tool to plan the transformation exercises.
Great content, fluid pace and good mix of visits, interviews and challenging quizes. All brought by charismatic and interesting trainers. Worth the time I invested.
Thank you for a very good introductory course, it needs additional intermediate and advanced courses on implementation methodologies with deep diving of use cases.
I can only recommend the course. It gives a very succint overview about the technologies unterpinning the digital era and the building blocks of a digital strategy
Very good course, interesting and applicable information of trends from the field with the experience of teaching of the University of Virginia and insights of BCG
Very good overview into the phases right from strategy to execution and trending technologies that can help companies into their Digital transformation journeys.
Thank you very much for a wonderful and informative course. This will definitively help me in guiding my organization through its digital transformation journey.
An interesting and practical ways to learn from top professionals. It is such a rare privilege to learn form the case studies as well. Thank you for this course.
Heavy content but BCG has put lot of efforts to simplify for the learner. Great efforts by covering all areas of industries with latest trends and technologies.
If you are looking for all angels view of digital transformation then this course is what you need to start fundamentally towards understanding the big picture.
Fantastic course - lots of interesting points to think about and explore! Thanks to the team for developing such an excellent, crisp and to the point content.
This course changed my vision about what digital transformation, why is important, what are the technologies, strategies and how the companies are migrating
Very nice, very concrete, clear and sharp ideas; the interviews were magnificent, the language used it's very simple and clear to understand. Excellent Job.
Great course, offering a very pragmatic framework and approach on how to envisage and deploy and end-to-end digital transformation across the organization!
I am a consultant currently working on digital transformation and organizational alignment challenges, this course has been an incredible tool.  Thank you.
very good course that shows the cycle of Digital Transformation using good framework , it's good start for sure for those seeking to continue on that track
The material is still relevant now at 2020... requesting if there is an update on statistics based on the predictions on the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
A very good course by BCG and Darden School of Business . i fully recommend this for executives looking to understand where to take their companies next !
Excellent course! the best for me was the Digital Transformation Framework. It  contains the solution building enterprise blocks for the future industry.
Fantastic course that I learned alot from, despite being experience in business. I'll definitely continue with the rest of the specialisation. Thank You
Enjoyed the interviews, quizzes as well as the discussions by the instructors. Very good overview and updated world class content. Thanks to entire team
I have learnt the fundamental points to look for when implementing a Digital Transformation programme through the BCG Digital Transformation Framework
Excellent course on digital transformation. Highly recommended to understand why digital transformation is need of hour and way to start the journey.
Awesome course with a lot of useful information. However, I would like to learn more about application of different technologies (AI, blockchain etc)
this course has helped to understand more the digital world. I am so happy to take this course I discovered new concepts that i did not know before.
The course is a good start if you are a beginner in digital transformation practices. It's a nice compilation of theories, case studies and quizzes.
Deep insights. I like the way technology, economics and strategy were fused to proffer a safe path to value creation through digital transformation.
Quite an informative and insightful course, a must for those who want to explore the digital age and learn the foundations of digital transformation
The course gave me a new outlook on strategic innovation - a new perspective and framework on how one can self-disrup before others will. Thank you!
Really Good Brief about Digital transformation Journey, i hope more specialized programs about this topic, great instructors and experts interviews
Good course which helped me discover new technical terms in the digital transformation field.Thank you to all who have contributed to this course.
Excellent course with a lot of useful and practical information. I prefer if you publish it in a form of summarized book or blueprint.Many thanks.
It was a very insightful course. Courses were delivered in easy to understand way, it was exciting to hear from Partners sharing their experience.
Very well designed curriculum, explained comprehensively in a lucid manner by an extremely competent faculty from BCG & Darden School of Business
This was a great course! Lot's of knowledge, history, context and vision. I'd love to see something similar in the future. Definitively worth it!
Indeed this course speaks out for the consultants' difficulties in answering questions from business owners in terms of the digitisation process.
The course was excellent and of a very high quality. I would really love to have more courses from The Boston consulting group on this platform.
This course gives the idea on how digital technologies shaping the new business ecosystem. Really helpful, well structured. Nice faculty. Thanks
Really a useful course for the beginners to give an overall understanding of the so many tech buzz words flying around in the industry circles.
Awesome. Great group of faculty from Darden business school and BCG and very insightful videos. I have really gained from this fabulous course.
I was delighted with the quality of information and content of this course, thank you very much for this wonderful ride :-) Mohammed Bentaleb
It was a wonderful and insightful course so important on these times of uncertainty that we are trying to address with digital technologies.
Very helpful in creating a structure for understanding what Digital Transformation is and what it is not; especially for C-level management.
This course is very comprehensive and beneficial, with well structured content, and excellent instructors. Thanks for this wonderful course.
Important business insights and concepts. I would suggest to include more use cases, from different industries (startups and/or incumbents).
Very structured course. It has lined up lots of fragmented buzz I knew previously. I was impressed with a quality of examples and interviews
An outstanding experience ! Helped to understand how to build a systematic approach to the digital transformation process for organizations.
Excellent course, where they explain in a concrete and pleasant way the concept and a framework to start the path of digital transformation
Very good course introducing you to the Digital Transformation topic but at the same time giving you a framework to transfor your business.
Excellent course. I enjoyed the insightful interviews and real world examples used throughout which helped to shape the information shared.
Warmly recommend this course to frame what is Digital Transformation and what to consider for implementing. Clear and structured approach.
The course was really good and amazing, I discovered many new things through it. Thank you BCG for sharing this course with the community.
A great course that will give you the tool set required to engage in digital transformations and technology strategy. Very well presented!
Excelent course, It is a complete overview and the next steppes to undesrstand the digital transformation and implement in our companies.
Good teaching methodology and good insights from industry. This helped me to get more curious in learning in depth digital transformation
This course help you to understand what are the main challenges of digital transformation in a easily way. Recommended for all IT levels.
It was the first experience on this kind of platform and I really appreciated the learning experience.The contents are very interesting.
So amazing course, a great opportunity to learn with high-level professionals, that teach exactly what runs in practice over the world.
Extremely important and helps technology strategists to consult and guide businesses to carefully traverse through digital disruptions.
Excellent course to provide an introduction on Digital Transformation.  Fantastic entrance door to this world of endless ramifications.
If you are starting your digital transformation journey this is the best course to begin with. Excellent content, very well presented.
the stories they used to explain a complex ideas are really the most exciting part of this course i really get a huge benefits from it
Very informative, very timely, and relevant examples and great insights!I am highly recommending this Coursera course by BCG and UVA.
Great introduction to the world of digital Transformation. Wish there were more intermediate and advanced level classes to follow up.
I really benefited a lot from this course. I would strongly recommend it to any one who is interesting in business transformation ...
Excellent material. Excellent delivery of the sessions. Good insights into digital transformation even for experienced professionals.
Great course! Thanks to all the instructors for sharing their knowledge about Digital Transformation. I enjoyed the interviews a lot.
Exactly what I needed. Provided a concise framework for legacy companies that are thinking of starting their digital transformation.
Great course which covers the fundamentals of Digital Transformation, with lots of interesting case studies discussed along the way.
Recommended course for everyone who requires the fundamentals of Digital Transformation.  Great trainers, interviews, use cases and
Love it. I want to congratulate the team of BCG. Great content.All my life i´ve been wondering to work in BCG.How can i sen my cv?
Amazing course with great teachers and panelists. I like the mix of BCG experts and business school teachers. Highly recommended!
It was very useful, the explanation and material provided made me understand what digital transformation is. Thank you very much
A wonderful approach for understanding the shift towards digital transformation citing wonderful examples from across industries
Great instructors, interesting topics and informative examples. A must have for everyone within the digital transformation area.
I've learned a lot in this course and it helped me in understanding the Digital Transformation topic in great detail.Many Thanks
Really enjoy this course. The way how instructor explain the concept is very thoughtful. Best investment for my knowledge so far
This Course has an amazing structure and gives a holistic view and gives clarity on the overall Digital Transformation Journey.
Great rythms and insights - even for somebody that has worked in a digital department, I have learned alot. Thanks to the team.
I will be in my company's digital transformation team, and this course provided me valuable information to start this journey.
although in industry for long time true eye opener and make sense of happening around you thankyou for useful practical course
It is fantastic course to understand the digital transformation from basic to establish the digital drive in the organization
The Speakers ( Teachers) showed a deep knowledge on the subject. The presentations outside, clear and very well communicated.
I enjoyed the course and think it has sensitised me towards Digital disruption and transformation happening across the world.
Really liked the course - short, simple and very insightful. Good to begin your journey in the digital transformation space.
Too good. It was totally an eye-opener with so many case studies and real justification of the digital trends in the course.
Use cases used and presenters were on target.  The breath and depth of learning, as well as the pace was great.  Thank you.
Very informative. A better platform to understand the current trends and also how about to go with the aproach in business.
BCG has done it again! Great consulting group, and this course is a look inside the golden quality they bring to the table.
Really nice course which sets up the basics for digital transformation, I would recommend this course for business managers
We  need  to  minimize  talking  and  example  should  be a live  in  video  show  like  a competitors  roleplays  modules
Excellent course to begin one's digital transformation journey. BCG's framework is amazing, very simple yet comprehensive!
Very good course for people who need the basics of digital transformation and need/want to make a change in their business
Very complete and comprehensive introduction to Digital Transformation. Clear concepts, good examples, great explanations.
I learned how to make an specific assesment of my company and how to take digital transformation wave in a succesfully way
Great course with comprehensive discussions. It would be even better if they summarized Key Takeaways of Expert Interviews
Been a CTO, this course for me was a continuos flow of business strategy and comprehension of the actual and future world
I learned a lot of new stuff. It has both theoretical and practical information. Highly recommended. Thank you very much.
I love this course. very informative and I'm so excited to apply what I have learned to our company. Thank you very much
The best course on digital transformation that I have had the good fortune to experience. Current, complete, motivating.
I loved the course. Although, I didn't like that much the interviews, I'm more focused on a real-case approach. Thanks!
I really loved this course. It is a very new knowledge for me and now i am getting very passionate about it. Thank you!
Excellent overview about Digital Transformation with very profound framework, which can be used in practice right away
Achieved the goal of giving me a thorough introduction to the theory behind and implication of digital transformation.
Till now  this is the best course I attended Very insightful and informative. Lot of differnt approaches on innovation
material was good, teaching / mentoring was technical but with simple language . content is very specific to subject.
Use of Real business world examples was very helpful in conveying the various concepts of the Digital Transformation
Excellent information provided from top instructors. Loved the real life examples given for each part of the course.
Course help in understanding in & out of digital transformation & basis understanding of various digital technology
Best course! I have ever taken as a graduate student. Enjoyed every module and gained valuable skills and insights!
The best course I have ever taken, the content and the way they explained with practical examples is simply superb.
Excellent Course for all those all involved with clients who are embarking there journey on digital transformation
This course is very informative and descriptive, it paved my technical knowledge and skills for my future career.
Excellent Course created by Darden School of Business (University of Virginia) and BCG (Boston Consulting Group)!
This course is really helpful for me to rethink about the business world and foresight the future, Thank you team
A basic, but complete course about Digital transformation and his importance in all business today. Thanks a lot!
Really interesting view on what is the digital disruption, how to identify the key points to navigate through it.
Very well articulated, precise content on the key principles, challenges, lessons and framework to adapt locally.
Good course. Provides frameworks and tools that helps you understand the underpinnings of digital transformation.
Interesting content, lot new content to learn, challenging due to the regular quizzes, great videos - well done!
Excellent course about digital transformation. I really enjoy classes specially Interviews and real experiences.
A very dynamic and explanatory, detailed and concrete course.
5 stars, because the classes were also quite fun!
i learn much about the digital transformation from the course. and i hope i can implement all soon as possible
It was a great learning, the ways used to explain and the example given are commendable.Keep up the good work.
A great crash course for starters as well as practitioners to kick start their Digital Transformation journey
Good easy to understand. However, would love to see stage, 2 and 3 that is the equivalent of a master course.
Brilliant course with in-depth explanations, practical examples, and great interviews. I really enjoyed this.
It was fantastically organised, structured, researched and very informative . Overall , i would give it 10/10
Very Good course with overview of ongoing digital trends and how to leverage them for maximum business impact
Excellent course, it has great content, superb instructors and well devised and practical model of teaching.
Thank you for the great course...its just a fun to learn the digital transformation. Lets change the world !
This was an extremely valuable course with interesting insights and learnings in a very professional format!
Very well presented interactive videos. Excellent content on the subject with practical real world examples.
Very interesting course … with very informative learning/course materials  offered by  competent instructors
An immense mass of information about digital transformation in this course. Recommend for all participants.
An awesome Course, it provides a very interesting foundations to drive a successful digital transformation.
Excellent, the material , videos , interviews , everything was so useful and interesting , congratulations!
This course is excellent for who needs an introduction and a framework.  Highly recommended for executives.
Very good and structured course. Recommendation: I think some case studies as reading material would help!
Very good course! it gives a full and deep overview of what Digital Transformation is. Very recommendable!
Great course combining latest concepts with real live examples along with practical framework and advices.
I found the course very well structured, rich in context and example. Very professional and clear teacher
Great course, helped me with building a picture of what is needed to create a digital transformation plan
A very useful and informative look at digital transformation, essential for my personal development plan.
Very apt to set fundamental & set the foundation for digital transformation catalyst in the organisation.
Without a doubt this course puts together a framework on beginning your companies digital transformation.
This course is very interesting and knowledgeable, very
inspiring interview and way of teaching is great
Well structured, right paced, interactive, good insight... Overall very useful and enjoyable at sametime
Well put together and presented. Covers a good breadth of material. Overall a very positive experience.
I'm happy that I've learn so many things about Digital Tranformation and now I have insight about it.
It is very informative and engaging. The examples given are easily relatable to the current scenario.
Best digital transformation training, and the BCG framework is so unique and efffective.Must learn...
a very insightful tutorial and I have learned many practical advices regarding the new technologies.
This coerce will give you  the courage for First step towards your digital transformation journey!!!
A good course to understand the orad map of a digital transformation. Good examples and discussions
Very structural, informative and comprehensive approach for a sound digital transformation strategy
Excellent course and contetn. Just you should update some data and facts since It's already 2019 ;)
It has been a very informative course and the examples are found to be very relevant to understand
Offer the fundament, hands-on example and concept how to tackle this subject in your organization.
So sparkling, rubbin shoulders with cutting edge technology embedding in our days life inevitably.
This course was really helpful to understand how digitalization has helped improve organisations.
very good overview and key insights about how to face with digital trasformation in the companies
An excellent primer and insight driven course to reinvigorate both business and IT professionals.
Great course with insights on what digital transformation is and how to plan for it strategically
Excellent course for those who is exploring how to make digital transformation in their companies
I am delighted to say that, it has been a great value delivering course, i have attended so far!
Great insights to the concepts and parameters to be mindful of while going through this journey.
Excellent course, well structured and great instructors !!!Thanks BCG and University of Virginia
Excellent course overall! The design of the course is very interactive and flow is well defined.
Constructive content presented by a very good mentors. Thank you for the quality of the course.
Very insightful not just for Business owners but for students as well. A "Future-ready" Course.
Excellent course focused  on Digital Business Strategy, Digital Trends, Digital Transformation
Very well formulated course and a good learning experience in achieving digital transformation
Very thorough, detailed, with great examples and very experienced professionals! Do recommend!
Excellent well directed course and in depth focus on digital transformation on emerging trend
It is a great course for people looking for growth in their organization in this digital era.
truly educating and informational.  it is talking about what companies need and whats to come
Extremely informative and contemporary. I really enjoyed the educational journey and content.
Well distributed course, with both theoretical & empirical discussion and also case analysis.
Awesome course and the right insights into the strategy for digitalization in an organization
Very good training! It was very useful for my learning and open minded approch about digital
Very good course. It helped me to better understand the path towards Digital Transformation.
The course is great but it will require more study materials from Darden School of Business.
Excellent learning for understanding nuances of digital transformation ! Great lucid modules
This is quite informative & eye-opening session. Will help me a lot in my future endeavours.
Very Practical course & all basics of the Digital transformation are covered systematically.
Have learnt alot on digital transformation, core values and customer experience management
Excellent content and cases concise and easy to understand and also interesting to follow.
Very insightful and the framework is very practical. The real world examples are very opt.
It's a very good course for people looking to structure their knowledge of digital trends.
Great Course!!! I learned a lot about Digital Transformation. The teachers were fantastic!
A good course for young professionals to understand the hype about digital transformation
Great Course. Great Content with real world examples and key trends in the digital world.
Well delivered and explained. The course introduced me to concepts of agile@scale and AI
A good orientation for the implementation of digital transformation. Highly recommended.
Great course with very useful information to start the digital transformational journey.
This course was very informative, it changed my perspective on business transformation.
Very good course. I can certainly say it is one of the best courses I have took online.
Very useful course to understand current digital trends and start think in new reality.
Really enjoyed learning about the science/ framework behind any Digital Transformation.
Concepts of Digital Ecosystem well explained with case studies for practical exexposure
It was really good learning. Various  interviews in the course has given good insight.
Amazing course for anyone who wishes to learn the basics about Digital Transformation.
For someone who wants to understand digital strategy this is an awesome starting point
an amazing introduction course to discover digital transformation and its key elements
Very good course for beginner to give entire perspective about Digital Transformation.
Information about digital Transformation was illustrated nicely. It was learning fun.
Excellent course on latest technologies and how to implement a digital first strategy
Good course to learn and embark your digital transformation journey for ornganization
Very Interesting course for anyone looking to have an understanding about this topic
Super-excellent course content, and amazing course facilitators. I learned so much.
Very well structured course, will resonate very well with any business professional
interesting course , it allows me to have a bird view about Digital Transformation.
Great course, the way of explaining things and link it to read example helped a lot
A very helpful framework to start with for making digital transformation decisions
This course was great. The presenters spoke clearly. I saved all the transcripts.
A very  well structured course by the professionals. It transformed my knowledge.
Very interesting and with excellent guides and professionals in the area. thanks
Very in-depth course with relevant topics on the forefront of business strategy.
A good overviewA follow up course going deeper shall be very useful and relevant
Good course and provides good context around the Digital transformation journey.
Excellent course - Great information to get me started in this exciting transfor
Wonderful course. I found this very insightful and relevant to the digital age.
Very insightful and well-executed. I have taken a lot of value from this course
An excellent course, for its content, for the quality of the experts. Thank you
Outstanding, crystal clear explanation, One of the best courses i had ever seen
Easy to understanding of digital transformation is required in present scenario
Very insight course to develop understanding about digital skills and strategy
This course offers lot of information and Thoughts about the fast moving world
Great course! it's upgrading our understanding related digital transformation.
Good overview, it would be great to expand in a new course the BCG framework!
Great introduction and builds through the course to give a great understandin
Amazing journey. Its a very good learning experience with all of the mentors.
Very useful course to correctly set the foundations of digital transformation
excellent course, very helpful to understand and plan digital transformation.
Well-structured, well-presented and good information which you can implement
Very enlightening in regards to digital transformation. Thank you very much
Excellent course , the content study material are very useful and relevenat
Great overview of how to best approach a digital transformation! Well Done!
Very good in all aspects: time/ duration, contents, presentation and tests.
Fantastic! This course provided me with tools that I can apply immediately!
Excellent! Balanced learning approach of the theoretical and the practical.
I have obtain fundamental knowledge of fancy word "Digital Transformation".
it's so interesting and i got so many benefit from this course. thank youu
I had a wonderful experience, it delivered exactly what I was looking for.
Brilliant course. Very well articulated and very comprehensive. Thank you.
Excellent fruitful course, with a lot of real-time examples and Interviews
Examples during the session were relevant and made the learning fabulous.
Very Interesting and important to cope with the new era.Highly recommend!
Excellent structured course with balanced approach! Highly recommended it
Truely  the contents and the presentations are thoughtful for the journey
A step by step training to be better confident in digital transformation.
Liked the structure example and framework discussed. Informative session
Great course, I have learned a lot about digital transformation. Thanks.
Great Explanations by all the esteemed Professors. Thanks to all of you.
Very very informative and relevant. I like all the contents and example.
Wonderful course from a wonderful professors.Thank you for your efforts.
Excelent course. A lot of valuable information to apply in our company.
A very good and complete introductory course on Digital Transformation.
Great Course! I really recommend this course for all digital disruption
This course provides really great insights regarding digital thinking.
Very helpful, especially the framework that focuses on a big picture.
This course covers the Fundamentals of Digital Trends in the industry
Excellent. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and surely learned a lot.
Amazing course. well-paced. One of the best courses attended so far.
Thanks very much for this profund overview of digital transformation
Great course! I'm hoping that they have another one in the pipeline.
Quick and worthwhile overview of the frameworks and key technologies
Very insightful and well organized course, with many ley learnings.
Excellent course content - really useful. Interesting case studies!
Amazing course very well taught by Amanne, CF, and Michael Lennox!!
Excellent course! A must to understand our world and what's coming!
The entire course was awesome..full of practical use cases..Thanks.
Loved it! thanks for sharing all this valuable information with us!
From far, the best MooC I've done regarding Digital Transformation.
Very well put together. Clean, no clutter, directly to the point.
Refreshing way of presenting a very interesting topic and current
A must have course in current technological disruption scenario.
Very good knowledge and understanding of digital Transformation
its great course for new innovation life thanks for this course
Amazing course, especially when presented from BCG perspective.
Amazing course to get insights about the digital transformation
Fundamental but touched on a lot of excellent, relevant topics!
very well curated and the relevant examples help to correlate.
Very good to have some fundamentals of digital transfomartion.
The course was insightful. Help me to understand the concepts.
Great Course! Very clear and usefull tools! Highly recomended!
Very nice and informative information, i enhance my knowledge.
Very good introduction to Digital Transformation. Recomend it.
Excellent material and information given. Very useful course.
Excellent ...very well explained and with real world examples
Great course, well-curated, definitely useful and insightful!
a really very well made introductory course. Good investment.
I love the learning proccess  and the presentaion ,It superb
Great introduction to all aspects of Digital Transformation.
This was an amazing course! It simply transformed my vision.
It's a very impressive course to understand the DT journey.
Amazing Course with a very structured well-defined quality.
Wide coverage of concepts and many examples. A great course
Clear, dense and interesting. Definitely worthy the effort.
exclente course for cahnging environment specially in Latam
It was a great learning course.. I enjoyed every bit of it
Awesome course with such great interviews and case studies
Awesome course! Highly recommended. It is very insightful.
Excellent! I, now, have a clear definition of the roadmap.
very good fundamental knowledge to tap into digital world
Great Course with some great real-life business scenarios
Great course, good frameworks, proper industry examples.
Very clear explanations. Well structured, good examples.
Fantastic !! Really liked the examples and case studies.
Great learning experience with various industry speakers
An interesting overview, full of ideas and suggestions.
Really interesting. worth the time spent on this course
Great!!! A detailed course where you acquire many tools
Good course, very well explained with all the examples
digital transformation is a must read for everyone...
Perfect course to learn about Digital Transformation!
Excellent course - with a good 360 degree coverage !!
Very good course. Magistral people from Singapore BCG
useful and engaging content with some good examples
A very value added course which can give a beginner
I don't know why I am very proud passed this course
Great learning, the examples are thought-provoking
One of the best courses I've taken if not the best
Very good introduction to Digital Transformation.
One of the best certificate which I have earned!!
to the point and crisp and also actionable course
Well explained, effective and really interesting.
Wonderful Course ! Clear & Concise. Thanks to all
A very comprehensive and industry-relevant course
Good Course for understand digital transformation
excellent course with many example from real life
Great learning here, concept very well explained.
This course really changed my professional life!
Excellent Course with awesome expert discussions
Very good introduction to digital transformation
concise, essential, informative and entertaining
Thanks a lot for this very interesting course!
nice course its develop our digitally thinking
It was a very informative and excellent course
Great insights and very experienced lecturers!
Great course, valid information and learnings.
love this course thank you coursera for this
Extremely well structured and very engaging.
Many thanks dears for the great information.
It is the best course ever Thank you so much
Crisp information on digital transformation.
Very good introduction to everything digital
Clear basics and definitions for beginners.
A great course to enhance your perspective.
Well organised and very informative course.
Was great, learn a lot as usual on Coursera
The best course on this subject I ever saw!
Simple and well-structured course! Love it
Very good and excellent informative course
Amazing course! Great real-world examples.
Great course and updated in industrial 4.0
Great course about Digital Transformation!
A good course about digital transformation
Extremely informative and practical course
Extremely insightful and well constructed!
VERY GOOD CONTENT AND METHODICAL TEACHING
Thank You BCG for such an amazing course.
Amazing, insightful and down to the point
Very informative, gives valuable insight.
Very helpful for my current IT position.
clear speaking, systematic, professional
Outstanding course explained beautifully
Excellent Program for the current World.
One of the best courses I have ever done
It was insightful and fun. Thanks a lot!
Great insights on Digital Transformation
A very comprehensive course as a starter
Great Initiative. Thanks for the course
i really learnt a lot from this course.
Honestly an excellent team of teachers.
It was an awesome "journey". Thank you.
A must have for analysts and consultant
perfect and the language is very clear
Good content and very well structured.
learnt something very useful, love it!
Excellent examples and with good pace
So interesting with concrete examples
The course covered basics really well
Fantastic course! Highly recommended.
Very informative and well structured.
Amazing and very Interesting course!
Great Course. Lots of new learnings.
Great course with clear insights!!!!
Fantastic course! Very very current!
great course everyone should enroll
Great stimulation to human brain!!!
Very interesting and well prepared.
Amazing course by amazing teachers.
great content, very well explained.
Was a great an interesting course!!
Excellent! the best course so far.
great course , relevant to my work
Great course and knowledge shared.
well constructed and insight-full.
Great content, very well taught...
Very usefull and well made course.
I extremely recommend this course
Really informative, learnt a lot.
Strong insights. Good frameworks.
Excelent course. Thank you very m
Good explanation and application
A very good and complete course!
Very innovative and insightful !
Excellent. Very nice knowledge!!
Excellent, I can learn very much
Great content, very informative.
It s a nice learning experience
Excellent last week of learning
Very Good learning experience.
everything is clear and useful
Great course.  Well organized.
Very simple, clear and precise
Comprehensive and interactive.
It’s really wonderful course.
A very well structured course
This was an amazing journey!
Amazing, eye-opening course!
Very good strategic insights
great course for leadership
Tough but insightful course
Satisfactory and educative
very interesting course!!!
Great lots of new learning
Simple, focused, relevant!
It is very useful to work.
Good structured learning
Very good, recommended!!
well organized thoughts
simple and covering all
Thanks for the course!!
Very useful and precise
Digital Transformation
Extremely Informative.
Great course material
It was so beneficial.
this course is great.
Good and encouraging
Simply The Excellent
Extraordinary course
Highly uptaded cou
very comprehensive
Very good to learn
Amazing and useful
Brilliant start t
trending courses
Good one! Thanks
Great insight!
it was great
great cour
Easy to un
