This course is quite boring and I have not felt it has been really useful.
why can't I un-enroll this course, I tried clicking un-enroll many many times, help please!
This has just been a long and rambling series of telling us to use technology because it's important to ensure the kids can cope with the digital age and to caution us that while doing so, we should meet the needs of learners and to align with learning objectives rather than use it based on personal whim and fancy. Other than flipped classroom (which is passe already), where are the pedagogical approaches that will actually help with learning? Instead we get very non-specific advice like "you have to plan ahead and think about how to make the tool align". I get that there are so many subjects that it's hard to find accessible case studies on specific subjects for a general teaching audience, but it really is very silly to give us examples like using flikr to enhance one's photography class. On the SAMR evaluative model (which this course ought to talk about but does not), this is clearly at the lowest level! What I would like to see is the substantial research and more academic rigour. Also, it's really ironic that around half the links this course uses are broken! That is really not making the e-learning case.
The course is very poorly designed to be taught online. Most of the recommendations they make, they, the builders of the course do not carry them out. Why, if they are experts in online tools for education, they do not put them into practice and teach us how to use them. The course is limited to an immeasurable amount of boring and repetitive videos and some assignments without further use of the cyber tools.
After Completing and submitting all the self assessments and the graded assignments, still its shows that the self-assessments have not been submitted and the final grade was just given as 58.7%TOTALLY UNPLEASING
Not very satisfied with the course here.It looks like a collection of interviews from various people who have found success in teaching online.I understand that hearing their opinion helps, but it did not feel like a complete course
The class seems to be mostly a central hub for internet links related to online teaching.  There were a few videos by the instructors giving introductions to the topics but not teaching the topics.  Also some videos of other teachers' experiences.  However, there was little material directly in the class about online teaching.  The course format was multiple self-assessments of how comfortable you feel in your pre-existing knowledge about the various topics and then based on how you marked the self-assessment, the software would spit out a huge list of external links to material on the topic.  I estimate over 300 links sent to me from the course software.  I don't mind a few external references, but I expected the course to cover the material, not act one massive hyperlink doc.  Also, the two assignments were a bit vague and graded only by fellow students.  So my "grade" and feedback were not from the course instructors who have the knowledge, but opinions by a few students who happen to be taking the MOOC the same time I was.  I prefer to get feedback from the instructors--that is why I am taking the course.  Also, the LMS would hang after the self-assessment/list of links portions.  And when I would reset, I would lose credit for watching the videos.  My completion record never did update to show that I watched the required videos.  This entire course could be replaced by just sending the complete list of links to the students and skipping everything else.
Many words, very little specific details and recommendations
I did not receive the certificate and did not get the chance to get review report on my assignments. Although I attended this course on my University platform
Inspired me to try a flipped classroom. Provoked me to research several educational technologies. Provided me with a strong foundation for implementing technology in the classroom. Very beneficial, overall. However, many broken links. Some links led to subpar resources. I found some questions poorly worded, leaving them open to more than one answer - but not the one they wanted! Some activity feedback / scores didn't make sense to me. Would be nice to see peer reviews of my submitted work. Tech help was fast and efficient, though.
Very interesting subject but for a course on e-learning the methods are quite modest and a bit obsolete. There is a lot of repetitive tasks and lectures following the same pattern. Also a lot of hyperlinks to recommended readings don't work. I've taken a few more appealing courses here already
The fundamentals taught in this course were helpful, but the learning resources used were out-of-date with some even being unavailable. I would be interested in an updated version of this course.
Please try to give a live demo on use on different technology mentioned in modules as done in case study
I found that many of the links for the recommended readings were not valid. There was no interactions with the teachers other than the small  prerecorded videos at the beginning of each module.
Run of the mill, more of the same, let´s full the course with things and interviews. I am not saying it was not well made - it is just the generic things that I would full a course if the supervisor mandated me to do a course like that.For teachers who are drowning I imagine it will be helpful, but for the most experienced will be just selecting some new websites/tools and one or other sparse idea
The only downside to the course is reviewing peer work and this is because you see how little some have put into it. I found the lack of effort by some peers rather disappointing. However, the course content is great for new knowledge and ideas.
Good Course, well paced, a bit too focused on Academic Institutions
I found this course quite useful, although I would add more practice, since that is the best way that to me works to make sure that I have truly and effectively acquired the knowledge and tools offered by the course.
Everything is so generic, so abstract and it is not concise at all
This class was listed as being for beginners. I don't agree with that. It assumed too much prior knowledge and was way over my head! I was hoping to get some  instruction in actually using online tools to create classes. This was more propaganda for why online instruction is so good. I was kind of disappointed.
I want to give this course a full 5-star review but I can't.  I am overwhelmed by the amazing, and amazing amount of resources.  I am extremely happy about that.  I felt the course was well-organized and easy to follow.  However, I have two major problems with the course.  Firstly, if my VPN was down (as it was for a friend), we couldnt' see the videos as they are hosted on YouTube and people living behind the Great Firewall of China cannot access YouTube. Please host them in a place that all, or at least more, people can access them.  Secondly, so many of the links for recommended, further, etc readings were not working.  For one module, all five of the links were dead.  In that case, I feel like the self-evaluation's time and my money were wasted.  I am a university teacher, too, and this is term time.  Please don't waste my time with dead links.   On a separate note, videos in Modele 8, I believe, talked about the appropriateness and ability to change materials within the course during the course.  I was on the MOOC on Friday and thought I'd finished all the components except my final assignment submission.  Waking Saturday to find self-evaluations and other readings pop up that had not been there the previous day infuriated me and wasted the rest of the day.  As far as I could see, there'd been no notice of it being down, being mainanenced, or being uploaded   Overall, I enjoyed the course and will be recommending it.  Conversely, you need to sort out those issues. PS The teaching assistant seemed lovely.
Good lecturers, clear delivery, and lots of great reading materials. What I really like about this course is that it is so well organised, using their own protocols, which are documented and shared with the student, that following the course gives you some idea of what a good online course should look like.The forums are moderated, but not by the teachers of the course, which creates a slight disconnect. However, posted comments are read and replied to, which is good.Some of the materials feel dated for the topic (as far back as articles about wikis and blogging published in 2009!). This could be improved.Another thing I liked a lot was that the assignments were really challenging (not multiple choice exams) and you are rewarded for using sources presented to you during the course in your assignments. Peer feedback system works quite well.
There is nothing revolutionary in this course about teaching online, however, I do believe that it teaches the fundamentals well. If you are new to online teaching or perhaps would like to tune up your skills and make sure that what you are doing is best practice then this course is for you.
Please update with some current Platforms in use at academia.
Overall, I learned a lot about this course. I was able to reassess my strengths and weakness in conduct lessons online. The only thing that I didn't liked about the course is that some students who conduct the peer review don't seem to read the submitted content well. I hated when somebody gave me a score of 0 and 2 when I clearly stated facts and included resources and my personal experience to support my output. It was quite disappointing that these students are not doing peer review in a professional way. I hope that you would be able to look into this because it was so unfair on my part to have a very low score from them.
This course is nicely designed, however, it's very exhaustive when it comes to the reading material. The high amount of reading material can prove to be negative for student engagement and motivation. Despite that, I learned multiple open-source online tools and technologies, for example, Stile, Flickr, Pinterest, etc along with the open-source websites for educational material like MIT open courseware, that not just support but elevate the online teaching-learning for the students as well as the teachers. Overall I learned a lot through this course. Thanks for floating this one.
Very good course with nicely organized activities and assessments. Short video segments and questions made it easy to budget my time.  Helped me to think about key concepts of designing an online component for a blended course. Final assessment required me to outline my new course activity, which was very helpful for my actual job.  Enormous number of outside links to reference sources was almost overwhelming (too many to follow up on); few broken links to defunct or closed websites.
I found this course very uesful as introduction to do an online module. I have missed a simple guidance on how the course flow would be and to have me made more conscious of the deadlines that I found out myself in a very late stage. This course is focussed for teachers. I am a sales person and was therefore not the best choice for me as too oriented on teachers which makes sense. Thank you. Will book another course for sure.
The course would be an effective way to introduce yourself to online learning and teaching. As someone who has taught online before, I learned as much (and maybe even more) by how the course was delivered than by the actual content. The assignments were effective ways to reflect upon your learning and ideas about online teaching. The peer feedback was widely varied, but there were a few good suggestions. Thank you for sharing this MOOC to the broader community, particularly when everyone finds themselves needing to teach online.
Very good course to interact with class students online
Very well supported although could be least extensive
It's one of the inspirational course I had attend.
I couldn't find much motivation for this course.
It was very time intensive. A lot of reading.
The course was intense but very informative.
Great Exposure....Learned a new platform...
A great introduction for online learning
Good but not general enough to suit all
Peer assessments need to be moderated.
it was great and really insightful.
Good course learned a lot from it
Have learned  a lot ,wonderful
a very good lesson ....
Its very informative
informativecourse
It was indeed great learning by enrolling in this course. Almost every module/video, experts, were worth listening. However, I've got a humble piece of suggestion for the course instructors. We'have been glued to screen listening to you folks and being very attentive to internalise the subject matter. In the process, it becomes very monotonous to keep doing so. Having just two self-check activities or exercises for a 5-week long course, are not sufficient enough to hold the audience back. Also when two of the instructors keep sitting through close to 100 videos, it becomes disengaging for the viewers. Had they delivered some sessions standing and using their backdrop to impart knowledge, would have been more engaging for the participants. One more thing that can be embedded in the videos itself, is "quick quizzes on-screen" wherein the participant answers the question and clicks to see the right answer and the presenter continues the discussion.All in all, very good learning for me to start teaching online... Bingo!
It would have been a 5-star course five years ago. My only major critique is that it is a bit outdated simply because of how fast technology evolves: It seems the course was created circa 2012, and maybe even before. This also led to issues with some of the links being broken in suggested resources, which is annoying, especially if you're someone who is actually taking the time to wade through the mountain of "recommended" resources. I did this as professional development as a college writing instructor at the direction of my institution, and I'd say it was a great introduction to teaching online, especially when it comes to student engagement and motivation, and instructor presence. I was able to use the assignments to start making a rough outline of online courses I'll be teaching in the fall. I'm still not a believer in MOOCs, but this worked fine for me for what it was.
Good course overall. Definitely value for money. I found the videos with close caption very useful. A few points, please review the material regularly as some of the sites were removed. It could be quite frustrating when click on a few links and they are not available anymore. I would also review the word count on the assignments. I spent more time editing the work to fit the word-count than I did on writing it. Can you really get the essence in 200 words?  Some of the reading was excessive though. I also felt that some of the questions in the self-development exercises questionable in terms of the response. Finally, you should really have a reference list in the module summary pdf files so we can use this as a basis for further research. Apart from that, I hope I can implement what I have learned at work. Thank you...
This course was geared more toward the educator who is starting to introduce online and e-learning technologies into their teaching practice. As a future elearning course developer I found this course to provide me with a good foundation for online learning. I felt that UNSW did a great job with their Case Study interviews in various fields of study and how educators use different technologies for different objectives. I also thought that the recommended reading / viewing references based on the ungraded personal assessments were very helpful. I saved them all and anticipate having to refer to them in the future.  I highly recommend this course if this matches what you need for your career. Thank you UNSW team for all your great work!!
The course is rich with resources and provides an array of strategies for online and blended learning. The assignments helped me reflect on my existing practices and helped me achieve a new perspective in planning activities, resources and assessments. I explored a lot of tools online which I would have probably not done otherwise. However, The course is more relevant for higher education especially University education and found less resources and strategies for K-12, especially Primary school. It would have been nice if case studies around K-12 was a lot more, would have been useful for me to put it in practice.
Good basic course for teaching online, with some interesting ideas. Videos are well thought out with relevant information, real examples provide excellent content to verify how to implement some ideas into educational settings. Much of the content does seem more targeted to higher education which doesn't fully apply to me as a Secondary School teacher, however there is overlap and I have learnt great ideas of how to plan, assess and evaluate online learning. Overall I am impressed and glad to have completed this course.My only suggestion for improvement would be to fix the dead links in the suggested resources.
The teachers of this course were excellent collaborators.  I found the Question and Answer section quite helpful.  The course was definitely overwhelming to me at first, having never had computer classes in my education through my masters degree.  However, the way the course was presented allowed me to move forward and persevere.  I found the vocabulary used in describing the assignments new to me.  Therefore, I felt greatly challenged.  However, when I was able to successfully pass each assignment and reflect on peer reviews I felt a great sense of accomplishment.
The content is relevant and very well founded. The videos are quite useful and allow to go deeper into topics and definitions. However, although some of the material was optional, everything had to be reviewed in order to pass the course and obtain the certificate. For example, I think it would be useful to give a percentage to the participation in the forums, to encourage students to give elaborated answers and not just participate so that the forum activity would appear as completed.
I did like the MOOc. Sometimes the amount of information and documents to read were overwhealming. Too much and not allways clear what was more important a¡or useful. I will have to continue reviewing many documents. I was doing this MOOC at the same time that I was redigning my course that has to begin in two weeks. For this reason I did not always had the time to read all the suggested recomended documents. Thank you
It was really interesting to join such a contemporary course. I like the quality of the videos share though the optional ones needed some upgrading. I also liked the personalized element where the activities lead to specified elements. I hope to see a more practical course where some of the technologies addressed can be put into practice and then linked to a pedagogical framework.
This course is great for first time to experienced online instructors. There is something new for everyone. The course covers everything from the beginning to end of the course to assessments. The most beneficial part was the course gave specific articles and tools based on what type of classes your are teaching whether its ESL or elementary or university.
Great course to help someone begin the considerations for an online course. There's no one-size fits all solution, and this course helps teachers navigate options and plan accordingly. The linked resources are very helpful, but many are starting to feel out of date. A slight update to course content and linked resources would benefit students greatly!
Overall it was an informative course and I learnt a lot of new techniques and ideas that will help me to enhance my teaching and learning experience. I will also be more confident now to integrate technology in my lessons. Just a suggestion that you should recheck some of the resources shared in reading section as they were not accessible.
This was a valuable course for teachers who commence their journey in online teaching. The course could have included a demonstration of an online teaching class using digital tools. This would have helped in visualizing and virtually experiencing the engagement in this novel mode.Thanks for curating and delivering a wonderful experience!
I found the course to be very interesting.  I am not a very techno-savvy person and the  course really enhanced my knowledge about the resources available out there. Both the instructors (Negin and Simon) did a real good job with the design and the delivery.  Thanks a lot to the entire team which strived towards putting this course up.
Great option to enrich our online teaching practices in terms of contents and assignments: it provides a good combination of visual and written resources as well as project-based learning. Also integrates different kinds of online teaching methodology along the course development
This was a great course in preparing me for the unknown 2020-21 school year, with us being remote most likely.  There were links that did not work and would like to see some new articles concerning online teaching models.  Thank you for this opportunity to grow as an educator.
This course helped me get an overview of all the things we need to consider for online teaching to work as a whole. It is a course that gives you a perspective of how you are using technology in the classroom and how small activities correlate to your global learning goals.
It was a very thorough course. Very well done for 2010 or whenever it was done. But that is the downside: there were quite a bunch of links with 404. I think in the current times it would be much easier than back then when the course was created to track the error-links.
Enjoyed the wealth of information, numerous short videos, online resources and practical assignments. While I do not work in an educational institution, I feel more equipped now to develop, facilitate and evaluation online webinars at my not-for-profit agency.
The course is very nicely designed and introduces the learner about the principles behind online teaching. It would be much better if the course gives more overview about the different tools that are used in online teaching and how to use them effectively.
Great course lot of new things and very helpful for the freshers who's just thinking to join in educational system also for the people who's already in the field of education there's no end for learning and teaching and this course can be the Good one
This is a good course for the topic however it assumes that you are already teaching or have taught.It is designed to reinforce teaching methods and discusses the options of moving education online.Lessons are well presented with ample referencing.
Although the content in the videos wasn't rocket science, the wealth of external literature, blogs, videos, and research results, enriched my understanding of the importance of a proper training setup and teaching method for online training.
Hi! This was a useful course. It provided a lot of information and even recommended readings. The assignments are also very good. However, I would like the videos to be more than the lecturers speaking. Overall, it is very good.
This course helped me develop my thinking and research skills. I have been able to acquire more knowledge on online teaching and learning and I am proud to be able to put this in use in my everyday life as a K-12 facilitator.
I found this course very useful in learning many things to teach courses online. This will, no doubt, help me a lot in designing and teaching courses online during the pandemic scenario of COVID 19 and even afterwards.
It was really a good course which gave me overview of all the open tools and technology used for online teaching. It also upgraded my educational knowledge and skills which will help me throughout my teaching journey.
I really enjoyed being a part of this course.. Suggestion for next run is include more global tools. More tools were restricted to either higher education or something that needs to be purchased by the organisation.
Very good for starting to look into online teaching, It also serves as reinforcement of crucial pedagogical elements such as curriculum alignment. formative assessment and student's engagement and motivation.
Very good for beginners!  I hope the course provider can also assign raters for the submitted output to provide balance with the peer review.  Overall, I learned a lot and will recommend this to my friends.
This was quite interactive and had a lot of good resources, curated to what you wanted to gain.  My biggest issue, however, is some of the resources are either slghtly dated or no longer available.
This was a great learning experience. My only suggestion is that a lot of links shared for resources didnt open it was page not found. I would have loved to take a look at those as well.
I really appreciate going through this course. Eventhough I have been teaching online but there are lot of knowledge skills and reasoning I developed when I am exposed to this course.Q
My expectations were different from the reality of this course, nevertheless the tools I learned will be of much help in developing and improving the finance courses I teach.
I liked the course as it provided some insights of how to conduct online teaching, various online platforms/applications, and many other facets to teach online successfully.
A very well explained and thoughtfully designed course that gives one a basic idea and the avenues of online teaching. Each of the module is simple and clearly explained.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course as it helped put a lot of learning (that I have had on the job) in proper perspective. I specifically enjoyed the off platform activities.
This is an excellent course, many thanks for everyone who helped to produce it! But it is necessary to update some contents. I hope there will be a second version soon!
For a beginner like me who is new to online teaching, the contents were very useful and it was very practical. The flow of the contents were interesting. thanks a lot.
it is a good course, it introduced me with a lot of open internet sources that I can use to enhance my pedagogical strategies/approach. thank you coursera.org
Some great material, and really valuable insights to the skill of teaching on line.  Highly recommended for anyone with an interest in on line teaching.
There is a lot of material to cover, not all of it applies to me. But it is a very interesting topic and the personalized resources are very useful.
The course is outstanding in explaining the materials and have significant resources. the only issue is few of them are outdated but it's okay. ♥
Good overview of teaching online . One gets an idea of things to be considered before, during and after the implementation  of an online course.
Pretty intense but detailed course. Supply of recommended resources commendable. The videos were simply, useful and easy to follow. Great job!
Its helpful in understanding how online teaching learning should be designed to use technology aligning it with pedagogy and course outcomes
Explores a lot of new technology while keeping pedagogy in mind. A few links and reading resources are unavailable. Kindly update the list.
Each module was well designed , informative and quite relevant with numerous good examples. Thank you for the learning opportunity
The course was interesting and the Case study was quite informative part on how the technology is actually used by real teachers.
It is a great primer for online teaching experience, and broadens your mind to many possibilities and concerns of the trasition.
If you are interested in developing Your on teaching into new technology and prepare for the future this is a course for You.
This course was a very educative and informative  for me to work in this pandemic situation which was very helpful indeed.
I highly recommend this course, to learn the basics about teaching online, but I would like more practice activities.
It was a very well developed course with lots of case studies. It really helped me gain skills I need as a teacher
Not that applicable to preschool teachers but full of information about online teaching and learning! :)
I m very happy from this course .It is an excellent way to get education. It my first online course
It was an amazing course, but I would recommend some changes related to the peers assessment
It was a wonderful experience. Each and every activity and assessment are well connected.
Its a great place where you can get more great tools for delivering your online classes.
Good course for online teaching/teachers. Explores several key areas online teaching.
Excellent design and flow of the course. Was extremely helpful. Thank you very much.
I appreciated the short modules and flexibility of time to complete the course.
Overall very informative and to the point course for teachers.One must adopt it
Thank you Coursera and UNSW for an engaging and satisfying learning experience.
Nice presentation , case studies were relevant, reference material are helpful
Congratulations to the instructors and UNSW. Very useful for online teaching.
I could learn and gain the required knowledge to teach online effectively
The course taught me many things which will help me in my Online Classes.
A great course for beginners in the field of teaching and education.
I have learned many online tools and their usage. Very very Useful.
Very good course useful for teachers in today's situations 👍👍
Very useful information and resourceful for on-line teaching.
I anticipated that the course would have been more hands-on.
very nice videos has provided i have learn lots of thinks
Great help for teachers that are new to online teaching.
This course very helpful for further study and job.
I think the concepts and the information presented, plus the peer evaluation process and the wealth of resources make this course a great overview for anyone teaching online for the first time, especially those of us forced into Distance Learning. I am taking away a lot of good conceptual ideas, plus many bookmarked websites and pdfs. At the same time, some of the course materials, especially when referring to specific technologies, is outdated. More than a few links to the online resources are broken or absent, and should be checked and replaced as needed. Overall, thank you for a 4 out of 5 star experience!
I really enjoyed and benefitted from the course. It touched on all key components that we are currently experiencing as teachers since the pandemic started.The only  suggestion I have is that the University should also be involved in evaluating the assignments that are graded. I feel, from my experience, that the people that did evaluate were not necessarily well experienced or expert enough in doing so.All in all, I will recommend this course to my teacher friends for sure.Thank you
THIS Course gives you a great insight to teaching online , Most of us started recently due to the  Covid 19 situation. great resources. and you will learn a ton especially from the assignment and the community .Hope to attend next level course  since teaching  online is not an option any more, it is the new reality . Thanks a lot for the journey  :)
A very timely and relevant course at the time most higher-education institutions have been essentially forced to take the digital leap as a reaction to the Covid-19 crisis. Whilst it touches on all the areas relevant in this new normal, it might be worthwhile updating some of the content towards the online only reality.
+ Videos = short but informative+ Self-evaluations = tailored to individual teaching categories (K-12, ESL, etc)+ Resources = many worthwhile articles to read, consult and download.+ Projects = challenging and well explained_ Discussion forums - not so helpful
Peer review has to be better managed. My work was peer reviewed by colleagues within the same institution to  which we have a mutual dislike. This personal rift could have affected  my grading outcome.
It was a nice learning experience. I suggest to give more room (more flexible schedule) to submit tasks and reports. Overall was good.
The course obviously met my desire for a skills upgrade. I can now approach online teaching methodically with confidence. Excited.
Excellent guidance and online ungraded activity also helps in improving the concept of online teaching learning activity
It's a great course with not only fundamental knowledge about online teaching but also great case studies.
I really appreciate the list of resources as well as the Q & A which was good feedback.
A good course for beginners to start online teaching.Thanks to authors
I learnt a lot fo new tools and how to use them for online teaching
it gets a bit repetitive for someone already teaching online.
how you benefited from the course and the duration it took.
Very well planned. Provided fruitful information.
It's well designed course
Very help ful all the way
It is very good course
It's really awesome
Thanks to the course teachers and others associated with designing such a wonderful learning experience. Appreciate each one of your contributions is peer learning and evaluation. Best wishes
Well organised and very useful course for online teaching beginners. One very useful feature is that timelines can be reset which allows for assignments to be submitted later if necessary.
A wonderful experience and a handy course. The lecturers are great with a very nice way on interacting. Thank you for all your cooperation. Hope to see more of you in future. Thank you once again.
This course was excellent, the amount of information and tools they provide us are wonderful. The Simon and Negin,  Course Instructors show great knowledge and professionalism. Thanks for everything.
Very good course that has given an overview of using and implementing web tools appropriately to optimize students' performance in their academic experience leading to become an independent learner.
This course exceeded my expectations!  It is extremely  well-planned with engaging materials. What impressed me the most about this course is the quality of the videos, the interesting case studies which includes practical tips on how to plan an online course. The timely support and feedback offered by tutors on the online forums has been great. I could really feel a tutor presence during the 5 weeks! Inclusion of  specifically tailored suggested readings have made this course  truly innovative. I think other online courses could learn a lot from this MOOC. I would recommend taking this course if you have time on your hands. It's super intensive with lots of reading involved. You'll probably need to set aside  6-8 hours/week rather than the suggested 3-4 hours/week if you want to fully benefit from the course. It's challenging yet very rewarding!
This course provides me the information about various online tools, strategies and planning for the best techniques for online courses. I will make the use of this valuable information in my work.
A great introductory course to the world of online teaching and learning. I am grateful to have undergone this course, especially considering the current circumstances. Highly recommended.
I'm so glad I enrolled in this course.   It was a wonderful experience. This course provided me with a glimpse into the world of online teaching, the resources involved in its teaching, the institutional and open access technology that is required for it, and the learning curve that is required by both teacher and learner to make it work. This course has both depth and breadth and its up to the learner to either skim the surface or plunge into it depending on your time availability and pace. The instructors and moderators were most helpful in the discussion forums. It does seem very dense, however, for a 4 week course, but the learner can keep going back to the resources that are mailed to the learner after the self-assessment tests. I highly recommend this course, and would like to enrol in it again at some point.
The topics discussed in this course is very helpful and very practical. Personally, it makes me think more about what a great teacher should do in order to prepare our teachings. Thank you, UNSW.
A course that really made me think - however, could some marking be done by the university? as sometimes my feedback from other people on the course was only one word.
A really interesting course for someone who is already teaching and wants to spice up the classroom or for someone who has absolutely no knowledge on online teaching.
The course teaches a lot on the online learning tools, which can be effectively used in day to day teaching. Teaching can be made simple and effective using online tools.Thank you for the course.
Well conceived and executed course. No hesitation in recommending it for those who wish to get a comprehensive understanding of online teaching!
The resources and linked articles for the course were of a very high quality - and seemed to have good currency still too - which is great this is not just an online MOOC that has been set up and left to run out of its usefulness, it was still current and helpful.  The information about the loading of the assignments is a little clunky - perhaps it could be repeated in the second assignment information as well as the first assignment information, i had forgotten the steps when it came time to submit the assignment and ended up submitting late because I ran out of time to search and find the steps again - they were not easily (re)located.  I would recommend this course as suitable for a beginner with some area of 'stretch' into further details for a slightly more experienced online learning environment user, many thanks.
I am a digital immigrant. It was harder for me to take this course but, I am very pleased because I learned new skills in the field of technology. For me, it was not easy to talk about online teaching because this is not practiced in my school. By examining the work of colleagues from other countries I saw how useful online teaching is. Gee Ghong Ling is very attentive and responds promptly to messages. Congratulations!  Thank you Professor Simon McIntyre and Dr. Negin Mirriahi!
This was an incredible online course that taught me a lot about online teaching.  The resources for the course was vast, the instructors were extremely professional and experienced and provided great insights and knowledge into the curriculum.  The self-assessments throughout the course were extremely valuable and the resources page paid dividends and provided a wealth of knowledge.  I highly recommended this course to my government agency.  I took the techniques that I have learned and successfully applied them to my curriculum. I was strictly an in classroom-type teaching person but after completion of this superb course, I changed a few of my courses to blended learning, as well as other courses that I made to work online.  I am ready to use the numerous online approaches platforms and modalities I learned from this course.  Highly recommend 5 stars!!
I am loving this course! Never did I take an online course with this amount of support and extra reading to help me cope with the lack of face-to-face moments with a teacher. The reading suggestions so far are spot on and I already feel more comfortable with the course itself. They even guide us on how to evaluate better an online course. Thank you so much for this opportunity and for creating this for us teachers!
The Course has been structured exceptionally well and helped a senior teacher like I to boot up online teaching! The given resources are excellent and this course itself a model to desing, deploy and to motivate learners by way of videos quizzes! Hats off to the creators and presentors and all the co-participants in teaching this!
I am extremely Grateful to the creators of the course and the mentors for making learning holistic and enjoyable, besides exposing me to the magnitude of possibilities in facilitating teaching and learning in an acceptable and joyous manner. Got excellent insight into the galaxy of teaching-learning methods ans media available.
Fantastic course! It is really rich and provides tons of content. The teachers explain the material very clearly. I definitely learned a lot due to this course.The only minor downside is that some links to the resources in this course are no longer available (the websites are too old, the webpages do not exist anymore, etc.)
It was my first MOOC and I have to say that I really liked the experience because of how they have structured the course and for the amount of generic and personalized material that they offer you. If you are looking for a course that will help you solve the shortcomings of your online teaching, THIS IS YOUR COURSE.
It's thorough. It assesses where we are in terms of online teaching and gives us a multitude of resources to help us journey through this new and complicated process. The videos presented are precise and the quizzes and case scenarios given are very practical. I love this course and I'd go over it again and again!
This course is very well structured with very useful contents and resources. I'm really thankful for having this great learning experience. I strongly recommend this course to all teachers and pedagogues in all levels.
This course has taught me the fundamentals of designing an online class. It has been so helpful for me to take the theory from the course and use it in a practical manner in my job as Academic coach. Thank you
Big thanks to Simon and Negin ,the way that they designed the course was one of the best example of using technology for online teaching and get the best outcome of the class  .
Great online module! Recommended to everyone who wants to teach online.
It is well planned, organized, clearly stated course expectations and course requirements. Course materials, videos, activities and resources are relevant and updated. Course faculty members are knowledgeable, experts and updated. I feel honoured to part of this course as I have learnt a lot and being able to move into digital literary and online teaching
A very helpful course that provides the basics for any teacher trying to understand the different elements involved in teaching online and in teaching in a blended situation. LOVE the Case Studies and I am truly grateful for all the references provided because they really make you better understand what are the core issues when teaching online. Thank you.
This is a fascinating course, from start to finish. It takes the participant on an increasingly interesting journey in the aspect of strategies and methodologies for teaching through technology. I have learned a universe of motivating techniques to achieve a more successful class and to get students interested and engaged in the work of learning online.
I took this course because due to Covid 19, many schools are moving at least a portion of the learning online and I wanted to be equipped to handle it. This course provided me with a very thorough overview of understanding the why and how to begin online teaching and has excited me to look deeper into some of the topics introduced by the course.
I've been teaching online for decades and this has given me such enlightenment on how to fully utilise the power of the internet when it comes to online activities. Now I'm pursuing a career in curriculum development, this course has given me deep insights on how to make online activities engaging, enriching and of course educational.
I have learned a lot from just a short period of time. I have had my own reservations regarding the effectivity of on-line learning but this course opened my mind to a whole bigger world of learning dissemination . the professors were outstanding! I wish there would be a part two! I highly recommend this course! It's life changing!
A very well organized course, the instructors show profound knowledge of the subjects, the array of provided contents such as websites, books, articles, videos etc is incredible, and for me, who is at the beginning of a carrer as online teacher, they are like treasure. Finally, both UNSW and Coursera have my sincere thankfulness.
Thank you so much for this opportunity to get a lot of  valuable information on teaching online. The course is well structured and covers a broad number of topics. It is sure to help me in my work. This experience was involving and sometimes challenging! I really appreciate that doing this course was not just a mere formality.
Thank you for this wonderful experience! This is not only free but very timely. We all need to take time to understand what technology means when it comes to education.It's fun learning with Teacher Simon & Negin, you won't even feel you are only watching their recorded videos, they're so lively! Thanks to virtual peers, too.
This course is very well designed. Both the mentors explain each module, each concept in detail. Their style of connecting with the learner is amazing! The assignments to be completed in this course are very thought provoking, it really tests the learner's understanding of each module. Thanks a lot!Sunita Bhagwat, India.
Coursera is very good for all the teacher those who are engaging in online teaching class. It provides to learn various tools for online classes. It helps us to adopt new technologies in our day to day online classes in very simple and effective ways. It helps us also to have a communicative and peer learning methods.
The design of the course, its content and the assessments are very well aligned and  give you a feel of profound learning taking place. I would recommend any teacher to enroll in this course. You will love it. The resources available as course materials and optional ones are well-researched selections.
Amazing course! It was well made. This is the first extensive course that I finished. When I got a low score during my 1st assignment, it pushed me to do better. The peer feedback helped me realize the things I need to work on and made me open my eyes to ideas shared by fellow colleagues in the course.
This course really enabled me to improve my teaching skills for online teaching. It taught me how to develop, align,  deliver and assess online components into a blended course.  The best part of the course is that it discusses how to engage, motivate and drive student to get their best for the course.
Thank you Coursera. I have learnt that knowledge created by learners is more powerful than information given to them so share respectfully, suspend judgement, keep an open mind, have courage to ask questions and participate actively with new online technologies to gain wisdom for the greatest results.
This course was  excellent and has given me an overview of using technology appropriately to enhance my teaching skills. What I liked  is the quality of videos and well-spaced assignments.The instructions were very clear. Thank you Dr. Negin and Prof. Simon for your wonderful sessions . Best wishhes!
THis is a great online course. It is comprehensive and the lecturers have explained important and relevant topics well and very professional in their delivery of the course. Videos, case studies, resource materials, modules and many more are all beneficial and useful. I've learnt a lot. Thank you.
Great option to enrich our online teaching practices in terms of contents and assignments: it provides a good combination of visual and written resources as well as project-based learning. Also integrates different kinds of online teaching methodology along the course development.
If a person takes the time to read all of the attached pdfs and website you can get quite a detailed knowledge of this topic.  The course did a very good job of mirroring the principles that it taught.
I enjoyed this learning. Simon sir and Negin mam are very encouraging and straight forward.The assignments made us look where we are standing.I wish you all the best for your future because you are training so many teachers who are in turn training so many students (the future). Stay safe, happy and peaceful..Sunita Rajamani
This course offers valuable content to those who want to develop some knowledge in the field. The platform is intuitive and flexible as it makes suggestions of content to fit your particular needs and background. I want to thank UNSW for creating these learning resources and making them available to many of us.
Thank you.  I learned so much from this MOOC.Unfortunately, for both assignments I had a peer rater who gave me a zero all throughout (despite getting a high evaluation from the other two).  This was something I did not learn from.  I wish I received constructive reviews so I can really improve.
Excellent course. The best part about it was that there was so much material available to learn about various aspects of teaching online, so there was always opportunities to get a deeper understanding of things. Self-directed, self-paced, and well-organized. I really enjoyed taking this course.
A wonderful course offered with passion and dedication by the course leaders. well done and thanks for the immense enlightenment Negin and Simon. GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILIES AND OF COURSE UNSW SYDNEY FOR EMPLOYING QUALITY ACADEMICS -- WISH I WAS THERE WITH YOU! (CV AVAILABLE ON REQUEST :)
Hello Dr. Simon & Dr. Negin,I am Vivek K from Bangalore India. Due to pandemic inour place we are facing the lockdown. We have converted face-to-face classes to virtual classes. This course is relevant and provided fundamentals of online course and I could validate best practices.Thank you.
Great course for those who are interested in improving their their online teaching. Even though the course does not tell one exactly what should be done, it gives a plethora of useful ideas,  which may come in handy in one's teaching practice. I could not recommend it more! Brilliant MOOC!
A very enjoyable course which is quite easy to fit into a busy day.  The advice and activities are incredibly useful, but I think it is the videos with there range of views and experience that really make this a course teachers can return to as their teaching practice grows and improves.
This course gave me LOTS of resources to use to improve my use of technology that I can take with me for later learning and practice on my own time.  I am appreciative of the copious amount of resources and links that I can use to improve my own areas of technology use in the classroom.
ITS REALLY A WODERFUL LEARNING EXPERIENCE. The course material and the supportive resources and activies were planned appropriately in a sequential order. Really gained many new things through the course. The instructors are really helpful. overall i had a wonderful learning experience
I love how the course is full of modules that actually shows how online teaching goes and delves into the theories behind pedagogies.I Just hope that they will offer one that is more for primary teachers than college or secondary.GOD BLESS THE PROFESSORS AND TEAM  BEHIND THIS COURSE ❤
The course is wonderful as it provides a practical approach to the online teachers. The Vedios in the course resolves all problems faced the teachers teaching online their students. The live comments of Teachers, Lecturers, Professors from different Universities is greatly helpful.
this learning to Teach Online course is very helpful to us educators likewise to those beginners who wish to engage themselves in teaching especially online. The modules are very useful that gives relevant information in this current situation. thank you very much and more power!!!
I found this course very useful for teaching online and this was for utmost importance for me during this pandemic and lockdown to reach our students who are sitting at their home. This course also provided lots of means and measures to connect with students interestingly
This is an outstanding and really professional course I really enjoyed and learned a lot by doing this course. There's a world of opportunities and tools to teach online wether you work completely online or in a blended classroom. This course shows you how to manage both.
Learning to Teach Online is practical for many who are new to teaching online and still useful for those with more experience than average. This course be made into a nearly perfect course if only it were organized in a way I could enjoy as much as I enjoyed the content.
I think its an excellent course cover almost all the aspects of oneline teaching. You get a chance to go through lot of relevant material and hear lot of usefull online techniques through the expert teachers . Shor t assignments also help you a lot to polish ur skills.
This online course has opened upvseveral avenues before me to explore, to experiment, to investigate. I take this opportunity to thank my mentors and their associates for their well researched course. For a novice in this field, more demonstrations were in the asking.
Sessions are very useful  and informative. When i was joined for the course,  i dint have any clue that how to conduct the online teaching. Iam  very confident and i have very clear view points about how to move with the classes. Thank you once again for my trainers.
I was reluctant to pursue  this course in the beginning but once I started viewing videos which are encompassed with very informative contents laid an indelible imprint on my mind. It is indeed an avenue of effective and efficient teaching and learning pedagogy.
It was wonderful experience for me. I help to a great extend to  create, plan and execute my own course suited to me and my students for better and new way of l experiences . Sure I like to keep all the material , resources , video in my collection permanently.
The course is very well designed and caters to persons who are either "digital native" or those far removed. It is a must do especially in light of what is happening globally. Additionally it is effective for a teacher at any level of the educational system
The course has given me an insight of what online teaching is. This will be beneficial to my  pupils and myself. Thanks to the course coordinators:- Simon and Nagin for doing a great job. I enjoyed every bit of the modules and they were eye openers. Thanks
This is a great course and gives you very basic clarity about various online teaching modules , with goods n bads about every medium.Would recommend everyone who are involved in teaching online courses especially with current covid19 related situation .
Really a wonderful course. It is not only about using online tools. It really aligns Learning Outcomes, Teaching Pedagogy and tools together. It helps you to select a suitable activity, a suitable teaching tool and provides excellent learning materials.
Brilliantly organized, well-paced and well-resourced. Would commend Simon, Negin and Karin for putting in their efforts for this MOOC and going to all lengths to procure interviews and case studies to allow us to understand real-world implementations.
This course describe importance of online activity , assessment or resources which we have to adopt to teach future generation.  Use of Technology with current method will help teacher to help and achieved outcome which was designed for the curriculum
As a teacher, I have learned a wide range of aspects of learning to teach online. I am positive that these aspects will help me with the new way of schooling that arose due to the pandemic. Thank you for giving me this great opportunity for learning!
As a new online teacher, I have learnt a lot regarding the different applications / software / platforms I can use for my class. I have also picked up some very good tips as far as the students' engagement methods are concerned. Thank you very much.
The course is designed in a very interactive manner. The exercises are very helpful. This course doesn't only teach but ensures that we realize the utility & benefits of online teaching. My big thanks to the instructors.
It was a great experience to learn new technological and pedagogical tools and its application to the teaching field. Its appreciable to include very good references through out the course. A big thank you to the team.
I love this course, it was interesting and engaging, it gave me a lot of interesting and relevant pedagogical strategies and a lot of ideas of how Technology could improve the learning experience.  Fully recommended.
I joined this course to learn about new teaching methodologies and strategies when designing and delivering online learning. This course delivered in spades. The content was engaging and the resources were excellent.
Amazing course with up-to-date information and practical examples to apply to teaching practice. Thank you very much, I really enjoyed this course and have grown both personally and professionally with this course.
Thank You Respected faculty for providing such a wonderful and informative online learning experience. I will definitely incorporate the learning methodology that i had studied through this course in my teaching
This course is carefully crafted to teachers who want to learn how to teach online in an effective way. The modules in this course were written inclusively. All types of learners can easily adapt to the course.
This course is very informative and supportive for faculty members who are planning to teach online. This course has been the right tool for professional development and engagement during this Covid-19 period.
I found very valuable tips and recommendations to improve my online practice especially in this time of global pandemic. I highly recommend it if you´re looking for practical examples and tools to use online.
In the beginning, I thought it would be something boring and superficial. However, I think it is one of the most valuable, rich and enlightening experiences I have ever gone through. BIG THANKS FOR EVERYONE.
This course gave me an insight of other teaching methodology that I can adopt. The main focus is online engagement where it is lacking in my organization. The materials provided are engaging and interesting.
Its a very well designed course. The various aspects like peer review assignments and review your peers added value to learning. It was a great experience to be a part of this course. Thanks to entire team.
This course reached and even overpassed my expectations about it. Very well built, scheduled and with amazing teachers and case studies. More than happy to have concluded it and I´ll certainly recommend it.
The course is great, well organized and really a must for anyone concerned with the quality of online teaching activities. What impressed me most were the references, which were always relevant and useful.
I would recommend this course to everybody who is a teacher and would like to explore many technologies and apply them in the classroom. Very interesting course with interesting, knowledgeable instructors.
Great course! Lots of practical tips and specific resources for developing online learning. Easy, affordable form and, of course, incredible charming teachers who turn the learning process into a pleasure!
An excellent training. I enjoyed the course continuously. I was having overwhelming engagements in last few weeks. But so accommodating as per need of students and so possessive to facilitate the students
They course gave me a proper understanding of pedagogy behind the teaching with technology. I could evaluate the mistakes I already made as a teacher and gave me a good start for advancing in my carrier.
I rate this course 5 stars as this is one of the best online courses I did. The main instructors are awesome. The assignments really involve you and make understand the objectives of the course outcomes.
Excellent course. I have learned a lot about teaching online: online resources, planning activities, assessment, methods and strategies. Thank you so much to the instructors and all the people involved.
It was an awesome experience for me in improving, especially my teaching skills to a new paradigm, I learned and benefited immensely from the course, as the course design is meticulously well planned.
Excellent course, since it provides you with essential tools for planning and executing curricula of all kinds of strategies and courses that you teach in virtual, remote and technology-assisted mode.
it really helped me in understanding online teaching in depth and also provided better understanding in context of using online content and resources in context of terms and conditions of use.
A very good course for digital learning experiences. This course will be useful for beginners who want to Teach Online. Finally, this course transforms a Better teacher into a Smart teacher.
This course has helped me a lot. It helped  me build confidence to teach online. Thanks to the people behind this. Much respect to you. You have made another teacher so proud of herself.
It has been a wonderful learning experience. and I would like to express my gratitude to the course teachers, peers and others associated with this wonderfully designed online course.
This is a very well designed and progressive course. It helped me a great deal in understanding the processes, benefits, and challenges when designing or teaching an online course.
Grateful for this insightful course! The pattern of the modules is very well-thought of and the provided case studies further widened the advantages and how-to of online teaching.
It was an excellent well planned and well organised course the Instructor did a great Job.This is the wonderful course for the beginner and already teachers teaching online course
It is amazing. The course is systematically designed to help even beginners. It facilitated me to learn core online teaching principles which can be applied in this need of hour.
Excellent Learning Experience, I am really surprised by the way the instructors were dedicated themselves to make the learning happen in a constructive manner. Really fantastic.
It is very informative and good course and cover all the aspects of online teaching and learning. It adds lot of new tools and strategies to improve online learning and teaching
It helped me a lot designing online course and evaluating assessments. It is must thing to do for all instructors out there for betterment of themselves and for their students.
I earned an indispensable certificate at this time! It was very practical, and I learned the knowledge and evaluation methods for running online classes. Thank you so much. :)
An excellent course. I gained additional information and strategies with regards to using and choosing safe technology effectively to engage and motivate students.  Thank you
This course provided sufficient amount of information on tools, strategies, assessments, theories, evaluations which is very relevant in learning ways on how to teach online.
Quiet through, well designed. Any beginner can start teaching online classes after this course. I would recommend anyone who even starts learning online to audit this course.
Course is structured nicely. Its is very much useful or the teachers and trainers who are going for online classes, very good support with  reference materials and guidance.
This course is really helpful in understanding online teaching learning process. The facilitators are really excellent. Would love to to do more such courses from this team.
This is an excellent introductory course to elearning and online teaching! I really learned quite a lot and it encouraged me that migrating the courses I teach is possible.
It is a great feeling and achievement for me. I have learnt a lot through this course. I have developed some valuable skills like online teaching, planning and evaluation.
This course giving properly knowledge of the online activities implementation. speakers are really knowledgeable and explain the topics in more detail with proper example
Thank you for sharing your knowledge and expertise. I learned a lot from this course. Highly recommended course especially for teachers transitioning to online teaching.
A very comprehensive course with appropriate objectives and pedagogy covering almost all the best of the best technologies that are available and could be used suitably.
I loved how the instructors did not force their own ideas onto us, but equipped us to find tools on our own and to judge for ourselves what works best for our classes.
Very well crafted course. With wonderful content. The instructors were very lively and welcoming. The structure of this course as well will help me to build my course.
This course and it's course marterial is worthy to read ,digest and to use in work life. Thanks the people behind the corse design,executing it for us.A big Thank You.
It was a great experience throughout the course. The instructors kept the videos engaging and crisp for optimum attention and memory retention. Overall, Great Work!!
I learned a lot about constructive alignment, appropriate activities, resources and technology in the course which I can use in online teaching.. Thank you so much.
I have learned alot from this course. I will used all the learnings in preparing for my online classes in the future. Thank you so much for sharing your expertise.
Sir,I am not able to reset deadline for the final assignment. Please allow me to reset so I can submit the final assignment .Thanks & RegardsRakesh Vasant Gudekar
Nice course, that give a really good overview of all the possibilities to develop your online teaching. Only drawback some of the link resources need to be update
A very useful course touched upon many topics we are not aware of, my teaching will be effective now and looking forward for more such courses. A big Thank you!
Excellent and well designed course.It has covered each and every important aspects of Online teaching.Enjoyed it thouroughly.Learnt many new things Thank You !!
Very good, interactive and complete course. Give a lot of material and good ideas for the online teaching, with the guide of a correct planning and evaluation.
I have learned a lot about online teaching environment from this course, but I now have to apply these skills in my teaching practices like course evaluation.
I suggest all teaching faculty go through this course and is required who wants to create an online course. Really useful and necessary to get this certified
The course was just soon amazing. I appreciated the videos and the assignments and personal recommendations contributed in fine tuning the learning process.
This is indeed very helpful and allows opportunities for us educators to broaden and widen our horizon in the understanding of technology and online tools.
I really enjoyed every moment of the course, if you are a teacher and you would like to develop your skills in teaching online, this course is the best! :)
I absolutely loved the course! It is well structured, informative and interesting.  The best part is interviews and personal recommendations - very useful.
It's a very nice course for the beginners who really want to teach online. Lot of resources and ideas are shared and the activities are amazing Thank you.
An excellent course which has exposed me to a lot of new  techniques for online  teaching, learning, evaluating. A must do for teachers of 21st century !!
The course was very informative with lots of useful resources. The primary instructors are very good at presenting the topic - engaging and knowledgeable!
Excellent class with updated information and valuable learning techniques. Great video presentations and links for expand knowledge. Thank you! LuzDelMes
The course is very good and complete. I learned so much about technologies and teaching online. I recommend this course for everyone. Thank you for all.
It is well designed course. This course helped me a lot to understand the approach towards the teaching and learning. Thanks to the course instructor.
Precisely designed and perfectly implemented having resources as the key is the key for the success and 4+ review. Honoured to be part of this course.
I took so much away from this course - most importantly for me, how and when to integrate technology and adjudge whether it has been successfully used
It is a very good platform for the learners to obtain well equipped education in a well organized manner.Thank you I have learnt the required course.
This is a well-structured course and has excellent resources, is well-paced and possibly the number 1 course i recommend to all teachers in the world
Very good course that has given an overview of using and implementing online learning tools to meet the expectation of contemporary education system.
Great course gives me more self confidence for teaching online
Very good course and in more in depth than expected. The videos were well done, even though some were a bit repetitive in terms of the information presented. Many had multiple interviews with different professors all stating the same thing, why x,y, or z is important when teaching online. Other videos were very informative, especially when delving deeper into one area. I was impressed with the way the course was structured and how individualized resource lists were made. I was sometimes disappointed with the outdated resources, even though some are quite good. I never saw a single resource that was from the past 5 years, so I feel that the course is in need of some updating, especially considering that technology changes fast. Otherwise, I did learn a lot and felt that I was challenged enough as well. I would recommend this course for sure.
Excellently structured, well paced and adequately supported through online resources. The course practices what it preaches. It has been designed keeping in mind the important principle of constructive alignment. At the end of the course, I could reflect upon my own practice and even plan a class using technology. What I also liked about the course was it's assessment pattern which included both formative ungraded self assessments as well as peer reviewed summative assessments. At no point in the course did technology overtake pedagogy. Technology was smartly used to even generate personalized recommendations based on our answers in the formative assessments. A big thanks to the Simon McIntyre and Neghin Mirriahi for  sharing your expertise with us.
the course is well designed , the assignment very clear mapping . I am really enjoyed and benefit so much from this course, wad an excellent experiences for me that was informative and very well prepared. this course is polishing and reinforced my experiences in teaching and learning, specially I have gained my Postgraduate Certificate in Higher Education (PGCertHE) in the UK 2012 fromUK Higher Education Academy (HEA), and as a Fellow of the Higher Education Academy (FHEA), I am really glad to take part in the informative course , and it is prove my theory of learning  in my PhD thesis in the UK. Thank you so much COURSERA  and thank you so much for the great instructors DR. Simon Mclntyre and DR. Negin MirriahrBest safaa
First I'd like to thank God for  this blessing of finishing my course "Learning to Teach Online" with Coursera, to my two Professor Dr.Negim Mirriahi and Simon Mclntyre , to Cousera, and to the all contributors who share their knowledge of expertise and experiences. I've learned a lot from this course, I'd like to commend also my peers fellow classmate in this course for their constructive feedback to help me improve.taking the course  help me a lot learning about different technologies as tools ;on how I can plan and deliver my pedagogy of instructions effectively  in Digital Learning . Cousera is one of the best  online platform to learn and thank you for your great endeavor of helping and sharing knowledge for Free...
Very well organized, presented and implemented. (Y) I have a suggestion to make: like the two assignments (which were graded) if you can add any such activity which is peer reviewed like the assignments but may not be graded because adding this to grade will make things cumbersome. Why I want to add more peer reviewed (ungraded) assignments? Because it increases the interest level as they are engaged with each other. But if the (new) assignments are not graded, may be people skip it. Yes! So, the (new) assignments can be made compulsory requirement for the completion of the course, thus people who want to complete the course will have to go through the (ungraded) assignment too. Thanks (Y)
This course has a great impact on current and future educators of the world. Anyone who is interested in education will gain important information in this amazing course. The most important information I gained is that technology and Education is the future. I think this course is a great place to start in learning how to integrate online teaching, online technology and exactly how to go about doing it. This program is well designed, its not too heavy and complicated for any learner. I thought I knew enough about Online Teaching when a colleague recommend this course but boy was I wrong. Anyone who takes this course will leave with some greater knowledge on how to become a better teacher.
I took the course to improve my teaching skills during the COVID-19 pandemic. This course helped me to learn about the taxonomy for learning, teaching and assessing based on Bloom`s Taxonomy, of which I had never heard or read before. Also about selecting technologies based on the desired learning outcomes. For example, I didn't quite understood how and for what purpose to use a Forum; now, I do.  All the bibliographical references and videos were very rich and assertive.  Besides, I also learned how to assure the quality of my course and how to get student feedback to improve my course. Thank you very much for such a well planned and rich course. Impressive! Thank you! I enjoyed it!
For anyone worried about having to teach online and being thrown into the deep end, this is an excellent starter to finding out about the concepts and theory behind online lessons. While using new technology may seem daunting, the course guides you through the major issues and provides recommendations and support specifically tailored to your individual needs. At no point do you feel you are on your own.There is also an abundance of good advice, thought provoking questions well-produced materials to help you along the way,I have recommended this course to a number of my colleagues as an introduction to teaching online.
This is my first course in the coursera. I am a clinician and also spend time on transfer of knowledge and and skills to community health care professionals by using blended training. Everything  is five star about this course . The important sections for me was different learning tools, learning outcomes, engagement of the learners and assessment. The course is designed very nicely with small video, links to quality materials and peer review. Because of my busy schedule, i would mostly go through the course during my long travel to hospital. Thanks to Simon, Negin and UNSW team to have such a wonderful course. Thanks
I really enjoyed getting all these great ideas and an insight in the various aspects related to online teaching and learning. It has been my first online course, and I realise how convenient and flexible online learning can be. What I liked most, was that you always encouraged us to think outside of the box but at the same time made clear that we should design our own learning activities for our student with regards to our own situation at our insititutions and prerequisites. That took away the pressure and gave me the freedom to reflect on my teaching. I got great ideas that I'm trying out with my students now.
This course is very helpful to everyone,in my case this widen my knowledge to different online technology that is very helpful in the delivery of my instructional material. Thank you so much Dr. Simon and Dr. Nigen for sharing your expertise, i really appreciate your effort in discussing each topic that can be easily understood by individuals like me who is not a computer savvy. Thank you so much and God bless always.Hoping you can help me to obtain my certificate, i enroll this course for free  but as i go along i thought i want to have certificate from this course. Once again thank you so much.
Thank you for this opportunity to learn from the best! Our university has now shifted to fully online class in order to respond to what the world needs right now as we face challenges brought to us by this pandemic. Taking this course "Learning to Teach Online" from UNSW has provided me the necessary knowledge, skills, and strategies on how to deliver my online classes effectively and efficiently. Definitely, I recommend this one! Our course instructors Simon and Negin are great! I am a proud university teacher from Manila, Philippines and I should say "Maraming Salamat po" (Thank you very much)!
The course was extremely helpful and interesting.  I learned so many useful things. And now I can easily differentiate between open access and institutionally supported technologies,  select necessary technology for facilitating online activities and design and evaluate the online activities to maximize my students ' learning.  Before taking this course I had doubts about my digital skills, no idea of online activities which can be helpful for my students and engaging all students in active learning.  Now thanks to this course I have obtained many skills necessary for successful online teaching!
Its really a mandate course for all higher education faculty fraternity. Through this course, I learned many things like lesson planning, how to integrate my course objectives to course outcomes. Which online tools are the right one to assess student performance, For me its like win-win approach both for the students and faculty. For this, I must thank our GITAM UNIVERSITY for providing this prestigious platform COURSERA to listen to intellectual sources and especially the resources and links which are provided are very much useful for me at present and also my future inventories, Thanks a lot
This is an excellent choice for teachers or any professional that has a corporate trainer role. Regardless of your level, if you take this course you will clearly analyze and evaluate the role of the technologies, e.g: Web 2.0, LMS and others,  and the common challenges found when trying to use them.  For instance, I understand that we cannot use technology just to amplify or extend our teaching status quo. Students will react differently and they have different self-realization aims while experiencing the ever-changing real world and professional challenges.  Come and see!
A fantastic course!!! An incredibly substantial one, containing a multitude of useful links and recommendations. The latter are flexible, individual-oriented and depend on how  familiar you are with certain aspects of online teaching and certain technical issues. I have been interested in online teaching for a while and have watched a number of webinars, but I had never seen anything of the kind! That's fabulous. really. Expressing my profound gratitude to the creators of the course who have contributed so much to switching my online teaching to the brand new level.
'Learning to Teach Online' course helped me to develop my  teaching competencies and skills using technology. As the education is completely shifted to online platform all over the world, due to the pandemic situation, this course has very much importance and relevance nowadays. The excellent lectures by Associate Professor Simon McIntyre and Dr. Negin Merriahi, enabled me to learn the content with more ease and efficiency. Thank you coursera and UNSW for providing this excellent course to all learners around the world.
Good opportunity to learn through the course and through the peer members in the discussion forum. It was very much interesting and helpful during their pandemic, where we are all looking forward to online learning practice. This course has helped me to shape up my online teaching plan and, strategies to be followed, the ethics, the requirement of necessary tools, the do's and don't during online teaching. The wonderful and most useful course at the right time by the right people. Thank you for the opportunity.
An amazing course conducted extremely well by Simin Mckintyre and Negin Merriahi. I have been into e-learning for over 20 years now. However, this course has given me so many insights and markers into planning, setting up and evaluating a vibrant e-learning environment. I would highly recommend this course for teachers from school level to teachers in higher education institutes. The Covid Pandemic has created a situation where  all teachers need to go online. This course is pure gold.
The Learning to Teach Online was a well organized and structured course, appropriate course materials and academic literature, video guidance and tips to look for when reading recommended text and in completing each of the parts n the course. It has help me to review several new online teaching tools available in the technology market. It was certainly a very good exposure and I am excited to future my learning on how to use the different types of online software. Thanks and Cheers.
The course is excellently designed. Making training interactive, interesting is the NEED OF THE HOUR. The course structure covers each topic systematically and is easy to understand and implement.The design of assignments is amazing. It makes you think of ideas to make sessions more interactive and interesting. The videos prompts the practical ideas.The Case studies videos shares vital experiences for industry experts. It was  really inspiring.Special thanks SIMON and NEGIN
It's deeply substantial.  It is very relevant now more than ever since schooling will really be online until a vaccine on COVID-19 is discovered.  This course has equipped me with the tools I need to improve my teaching.  I have saved all the websites for future readings; plus, you provided us with other platforms that we have never seen or discovered before.  I shall be recommending some of them to our institution so the license can be institutional as well.Thank you.
I liked the course much. I have got many different interesting things, and I have changed my own position in some things. I began to use many of the advised mechanisms in my own teaching practice to improve learning. I may conclude that my own courses became better and more interesting. Online and blended learning may be interesting and useful. This course helped me to understand this and accept it. Thank you very much for the possibility! Wish you all the best!
A very unique course, with a detailed questionnaire-based activity helping one find his or her current status when it comes to online teaching, lots of resource materials to read depending upon your need, case study videos, methodologies on different aspects of online teaching, and sincere efforts by course administrators Prof. Simon Mclntyre and Dr. Negin Mirriahi in Q&A sessions, helping millions of educators to be confident in using online teaching tools.
It was detailed and helped me to understand a lot on online teaching. In india, online teaching had not been practised. Just when the COVID pandemic striked India, has India taken a sudden leap towards online teaching. Mobiles had been banned for use for college students inside the campus even the day before the pandemic struck and immediately when personal contact was not possible, they expect the teachers and students to shift to online mode overnight.....
I Thank wholeheartedly,  the faculty members Dr Simon Mclntyre  and Dr Negin Mirrahi who developed this course and  also the supporting staff . You are all doing a great service to faculty members working in different parts of the world . I thank the authorities of UNSW and the Australian Government for supporting this Project . Thank You Once again - Dr M Thiru Chitrambalam , Professor , dept. of Mechanical Engineering , AVIT , Chennai , India
Fantastic Course. this is not like a subject. This course will take us to known to unknown. I thorougly enjoyed each and every bit of sessions. Now i started applying the techniques in my regular teachings and evaluation. Thank you so much Dr Negin and Prof. Simon for your wonderful sessions. sessions beautifully designed and executed. I could see your hardwork and concern in each and every module and assessment. Thank you so much once again.
Thanks for giving an opportunity to learn with plethora of experts. I was about to give up but the motivation that wad given to me by this course and others helped me a lot completing this course. This online experience is one of the remarkable and phenomenal for its comprehensiveness. I am looking forward to enrolling your course once again. Rest assured, all the learning I’ve got will be applied. Again, my sincerest gratitude everyone!
This course is intelligently design to help me as an educator to improve what I know and what I can, as well as provided me a lot of information that will make me more confident to teach most specially online. Thank you to all the intelligent people behind this program. Congratulations for bringing out another person in me to become more fruitful and willing to share nd payback your good deeds. More successful years to come to all of you
Excellent course. I am new to this field and learned a lot. Lots of well developed and organized materials and videos. My only recommendation is that we should maybe do the first assignment after the 2nd week. I did not feel I was knowledgeable enough to start reviewing other students' assignments after just the first week in the course. Again, thank you for developing and conducting this course. Michael D. Roberts, New York City, USA
It is an excellent course. I would like to thank the training team for the very well designed course. You practice what you preach in your course. Designing the online course, aligning the learning outcomes with the objectives. Self assessments, Peer assessments etc. Step wise videos and training material is made available. Thank you very much for the fantastic course, with exposure to various types of technologies.
Excellent course. This was my first time attending a course via Coursera. It works very well with the assignments and peer assessments. The assessment rubric is a very good way to assess other people's work. I have learned a lot with the help of the case studies and the practical assignments. Very well set up and structured learning environment, I can recommend it to anyone interested in designing online learnings.
The course requires a lot of reading but the content is somewhat individualized based upon the level of education you teach at. I did learn quite a bit about teaching online through this course and have a much better understanding of how it needs to be delivered quite differently than traditional in-person teaching. The class provides a lot of different information and you can choose which areas to read more about.
Really a well planned and aligned course, which helped me to understand the available online tools, the suitability of the tools in courses, besides learning about course alignment, the evaluation module has improved my understanding of "Teaching online".Next time if I will use any technology/tool/resource for my blended teaching and learning this course of, course era will be my reference. Thank you Course era.
This course was so helpful. I am most grateful that I started it when I did, given the arrival of Covid.  I found the structure very user friendly, the content adaptable for a wide variety of applications and the resources on all topics extensive and helpful.   The course instructors did a wonderful job of developing and delivering a course that exemplifies the possibilities of a well-designed online course.
Its a great course. In our profession, and I think in all professions except the profession of teaching itself, we are not formally trained to teach our specialty curriculum, or to design and evaluate it. So in this regard, in addition to learning online teaching, this course has created an awareness about many core ideas on teaching itself, and this will also help me in my future teaching assignments.
It's a very nice course, Very exhaustive and elaborate.  Really taught me so many things and concepts related to online teaching.   Hope you keep giving me access to this course even after I finish this course, so that I can always use this for reference.  That way it will motivate me to recommend the course to others as well.  Thanks a lot and Best wishes to all who join this course.  Happy learning!
This course was better than I thought it would be. I love how informative it is and how I was able to immediately apply that knowledge. The Professors are awesome with their approach to assisting with each of the assignments and how they guide you through each module. In addition and most important for me, was the amount of resources that was given to support and guide my understanding. Thank You!!!
Coursera has
helped me organize my way of planning for preparing the e-Modules for online
classes; and the modules in Learning to Teach Online gave me additional insights about the strategies
of blended and flipped learning of students, the importance of teacher-presence
in online classes and the good effects of giving constructive feedback to students’
submission of their assignments and projects.
I have learnt a lot in this course as I learnt how to use new tools to increase student engagement and learnt how to motivate students and enhance their learning by learning from peers . I learnt new online models and how to apply a diversified approach when designing an online activity. Then I learnt evaluation techniques and thus keep on improving to enhance the learning experience of students .
This course is really helpful in providing authentic online learning experience at the Graduate School Level, because it really encourages learners to write their own idea and cite supporting literature and evidence that the idea really works. Better yet if all the Links provided in the individual reading assignments are visited regularly to check accessibility.    Thanks for the learning...
This is a well planned course. I am happy to have gone through this eventhough I have been doing e-learning for 2 years now, I still get very good tips and receive new materials to read and also the two professors touched on issues I never thought off before. The Forum community is great, the Moderators gave good Feedbacks and their online presence is definately there. The participants
This course has been so useful! I learned a lot about instructional design and methods to teach online in a conscious, rigorous and efficient way. I really enjoyed going through the content and interacting with the class, and doing the two assignments. Obviously, the designers of this class are themselves experts of online teaching! Thank you so much for making me a better teacher.
For a person who has just begun online teaching and now its become very important, I guess this was one of the courses that helped me understand how Online technology can be more interactive and make it effective. As it was a suggested course by my colleague, I recommend and suggest others to definitely take up this course as it has a lot of learning and enriching experience.
Thank you for a great course.  Great presentation style with lots of opportunities to ask questions and talk about real-life examples which all made for a really enjoyable and informative course."This has more than met my expectations.A wonderfully practical course - both personally and professionally.  I will take away lots of things that I can quickly and easily apply.
This was a well needed course! Eye opening and enlightening! I have learned a lot from it and i am going to gain more confidence in the presentation of online learning using the different platforms through practice! Planning and designing a winning way of teaching online is what is needed these days! So thank you so much to the facilitators! You have made a difference!
I appreciate fully the impressive construction of all contents and resources in this course. I'd love thanking personally everyone behind this immensely useful project. Cheers. I'm forever grateful. I'd be even gladder if you give at least sort of a free, little certificate fo those who could not afford the real certificate.  Please. Thanks. Send it to my email please.
One of the best courses I've ever taken. The resources provided are very practical, covering every aspect you can imagine. I particularly liked the personalized recommendations, which addressed my needs. Thank the whole team so much for offering such a thorough teaching training course. Because of your help, I feel so confident in delivering my online lessons now.
I learnt an important lesson that online technologies can not be blindly used for all of the teaching and assessment tasks. One needs to identify the right tool for the right task. Though I was aware of what-is-what, this course has given the right insight into exactly what is to be done.Thanks to UNSW, the Instructors and Coursera for this wonderful opportunity.
The researches and case studies presented in the course are so relevant and relatable. It also gave a lot of insights and best practices to be applied in my institution and course design and learning environment. Thank you also for having a live Q&A session for the cohort. I felt the presence of the course professors all throughout the duration of the course. :)
This was a good course for beginners planning to teach online or blended courses. However, some of the optional videos did not add much value. While peer-reviewing other participant's assignments, I observed that some participants did not pay much attention to what they have been asked to do. I guess you may add a video emphasising how to address the prompts.
The course gave me a very deep reflection on teaching and learning in the online scenario. The materials available are of high quality and the classes and case studies complemented the course objectives well. I also felt engaged to discuss in the forum and the instructors were excellent in their explanations. I feel confident enough to teach online! Thankful!
Great Efforts by the Instructors in designing the Course. Really the Instructors have spent a lot of time in designing the course, which was evidently seen in the content. Moreover both the Instructors were very good in putting the things right on the Platter. Hats off to the Instructors for designing this course. Really it was a good Learning Experience.
The course was truly helpful in my ability to learn new technologies and novel teaching strategies. I am so grateful to have taken part in this course under such amazing facilitators -- Dr. Negin Mirriahi and Simon McIntyre. They were magnanimously patient, gracious towards the participants, and awesome in their own ways!  Thank you so much to you both!
I think it is a well designed course,very useful for those in Higher learning/college teaching/technological field teaching situations.A little more on School level options and work would make it more holistic in approach,though I understand the constraints,obligations-smaller children,restrictions on using options etc.Overall great learning option!
This was an excellent course to do. Though I had read a few books on the topic of conducting online classes, a practical orientation was needed. Through this course I could understand the minute things a teacher can do to make her/ his online classes interesting and engaging. I am grateful to Coursera and my university for introducing this course.
Excellent course. Well done duo. I really appreciate the way Simon and Negin have developed the course, assessed the learning outcomes, and specifically the communication skills of both. Throughout the course, they both set us an excellent delivery of an online course. The course itself is a fabulous example for that. keep up all your good work!!
I have learned a lot from this course. I have already put my learned knowledge into practice confidently. Thanks to the facilitators for the simplified and well-planned execution of course. The discussion forums also played a major role in knowing various perspectives and practices which will definitely come handy.
This is a great course.  Aside from the learning material, it is great that they have assessment along the course to assess individual student's knowledge on each subject and give personal recommendation on resources individual student can further pursue.  Really love this course.
Course is excellent and gives initial exposure as to what it means to be teaching online. Though it does not train  on individuals tools, but brings awareness of various online tools for content preparation suiting to meet course learning outcomes, assessment, and evaluation
This is an excellent course. This course is crafted for everyone, novice or experienced teachers. The course is well-crafted.  The videos and all learning materials are so helpful in further understanding the topics. I highly recommend this course!
It was an wonderful and enriching experience, tutors were truly inspiring. I enjoyed the process of learning. I heartily thank them and also thank Coursera for for providing me the opportunity to learn a new dimension of contemporary curriculum.
Excellent!  Has helped even teachers like me who did not use technology & removed apprehensions. It also gave me a platform to learn & be involved.Finally,it was a good learning experience.i wanted to learn - as it was a now or never situation.
An excellent course, which has helped me prepare to turn my teaching from a face to face environment to an online one. I hope to refer again to the many useful links and sources of information provided by the course team. Thanks and well done!
I really learn a lot from this course.This course gave me confidence to use technology.It is very beneficial and even a person with a very little knowledge of technology,after doing this course could be skillful.I liked my teachers very much.
The course course has been of great help to me in teaching online. From here, I have found my own online teaching method to apply in my current job. At the same time, this is also the field that I have been studying and working for many years
The course is wonderful. Its very comprehensive and interactive. I found it very engaging and it went very smoothly. It is very well-designed. It's going to be very helpful in my teaching during these Covid-19 times and in future. Thank you.
A wonderful experience provided by Simon and Negin. I highly recommend this course to anyone who is facing the prospect of teaching online as this will definitely help you gain an understanding of everything that happens behind the scenes.
I gained so many insights and learning from this course! Thank you very much to our instructors, Associate Professor Simon McIntyre and Dr. Negin Mirriahi, and to all fellow educators who took part in this Learning to Teach Online course.
Really fantastic course. I was able to learn at my own pace and focus on the things that I needed to learn about. I did not have to spend time learning about things I already knew and was able to just learn around the gaps in my knowledge
Really enjoyed the thought starters. I am a practitioner in a relatively forward-thinking institution.  This was pitched at the right level with lots of additional resources for those who needed more.Thanks and keep up the great work!
Very informative and everything is explicitly explained. In this course one would be able to assess oneself as to their knowledge and effectiveness in teaching inline. Highly recommendable for all teachers to go through this course.
This course is very helpful especially now that the world faces covid-19 and most of the affected countries switched into online learning. This course gives many strategies on how can online class be more engaging to the students.
This course enables teachers who are teaching online for the first time to plan the topics which can be covered online, prepare a lesson plan, plan online activity, online assessment techniques, effective ways of engaging online.
This course helped me a lot in improving my knowledge in strategies and assessments. Thank you for creating this course! I hope many people could see this, enroll themselves and also learn for the betterment or work performance.
This course is systematically packaged. You will see several short videos that are not boring. External links from UNSW provide learning resources that are suitable for your needs. I am grateful to have been part of this course.
A very well structured course, helpful tools and really a lot of material to read through. I am so happy to have found this opportunity. Now I can say that I CAN teach online. Many thanks to all the participants and the mentors!
It is a very useful course.Built in a very organized way. I was able to enlarge my knowledge, and to have a better understanding of lots of topics.I would like to thank the instructors for all the support shown in this course.
What a wonderful course to impart  a lot of insight on teaching online. Well-designed and delivered stuff ! One who takes this course will definitely enhance the teaching potential in the face of ever-changing techno world !!
It is an excellent course very well designed, I loved reviewing online teaching, I learned about evaluating my work online, I learned new ways to motivate my students and new resources that can improve my teaching practice.
Very well organised and conducted course. The course instructors facilitated the learning very effectively. Now I gained more confident in conducting my online classes. I would recommend sure this course for my colleagues.
getting older in the academe is partly a difficult thing to be onset with the latest trend in delivery. i find this course very helpful with my line of work and i wish to use all the learnings  gained through this course.
Though I started online teaching using WebEx, Zoom, and G Meet, by undergone this I clearly understood the concept, blended learning, Students. psychology and many more.  Hope I could still better in the ensuing semester.
There are so many practical suggestions, so many tips and advises, useful links to different applications in the course and forum, and what I like most is pedagogy behind the online courses, very understandable explained
THis is an excellent course. The activities are really well planned and the orientation to references adapted to previous knowledge is fantastic! Thanks to teachers and peers who reviewed my tasks. Great experience!!!
Really enjoyed the course. It was very accessible even for the first time learner like me. It also provided a wealth of reading materials that I shall continue to refer to. Thanks for putting this course together.
This course is a amazing opportunity for me to increased my knowledge about online teaching. And I really thankful to Coursera Course for giving me such a beautiful experience,learning topics by the teachers.
I really find this course very useful in the preparation of online classes in August from Module 1 to 8. I learned a lot. Thank you very much.  Application on what I have learned here will be the next step.
I found this very course to be very useful as i gained a lot of knowledge and confidence .I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to improve their knowledge and skill in online teaching.
Thorough course. You do receive so many helpful links, and you definitely get out of this course what you put in. Good for this point in time, but definitely not Covid specific.
The course is well organized and really beneficial, the assignments are challenging and add more to your experience, I recommend it for every teacher.
Very educative. The trainers are a real depiction of what online training should look like.I feel so energised to conquer the online training space!
Totally recommended. I learned a lot, and I feel secured to planning, asses, and innovate methodologies in my teaching process. Thank you very much!
I've learned a lot and it adds my confident to pursue online teaching. Thanks for the ideas, advised, and shared  instructional designed/platform.
Excellent Course! This helps me a lot to upgrade my skills in teaching online. Thank you so much and God Bless you All.LORLIE B. TANJAYPhilippines
A marvelous and generous check-list with the do's and don'ts to conceive a successful online course (or a blended one). Really great ! Thank you.
This is a very good course and I would recommend this to anyone who plans on teaching online or looking to improve their teaching effectiveness.
A very helpful overview of issues and approaches to online pedagogy.  I found the case study videos to be the most helpful aspect of the course.
Thanks to Associate Professor, Simon McIntyre, and Dr. Negin
Mirriahi for their valuable guidance throughout the course. I really appreciate
it.
The course was excellently presented and gave me a fantastic stepping-off point to start integrating online learning into my teaching practice.
one of the best course i have come across the instructor are well trained  and explained everything very nicely thanks coursera and UNSW Sydney
It was a great learning. Many new thing I learned and it would be definitely helpful for me. A big thank you  to the coordinators of the course
Thank You coursera for giving me this opportunity to learn. The videos or the description related to this course are very simple to understand.
Excellent course - I particularly like the idea of letting the participants benefit from each other's experience and evaluate each other's work
This course really enlighten my knowledge in Online Teaching and its various measures. One of the best course for any people in teaching field.
Excellent course, has all the basics (and more) you need to be able to teach online. Would recommend it to anyone seeking to develop this skill
It was a very useful experience. I introduced online teaching in practice while I was doing the course and got crucial insight and resources.
This course has incorporated most of the material it has taught and shared. With the confidence it has instilled, I now have to 'just do it'!
It was exactly what I was looking for as move to remote of blended learning. Excellent, practical assignments with wonderful course content!
This course is very practical and provides many actionable resources. This course has taking my online teaching abilities to the next level!
Perfect course to take for educators with all of the changing circumstances due to COVID-19. A lot of great resources and very informative!
It is an incredible course. It is sooo complete and full of resources. I was really surprised by the quality and depth of all the material
Very helpful especially the videos and Forum Discussions. Not sure if I can share any resource with my colleagues. Thanks for this course.
An awesome, in-depth course on learning to teach online. I found the case study videos with student and teachers experiences very useful.
A detailed description of the mandate components. I would like to thank the faculty for their contributions. A very useful, timely course
This course has given me so much in terms of my teaching capability. I am really grateful to be a part of this. Kudos to the instructors.
Thanksa lot forthe course! It was very useful and Ienjoyed each evening when I met you guys online in two months! iTWAS AN EXCITING TIME!
Wonderful Course. Extensive pedagogical tools for online teaching is discussed. Great learning. Trust me worth going for it. Good Luck
Very informative and enjoyable course.  I learned far more than I thought I would and I'm putting my new skills into practice already.
it was very well organised and the student support was excellent. Well resourced and the progress check was really helpful. Thank you
course is designed excellently and as a teacher definitely going to implement this in my course,Thanks to instructor and University.
Thanks a lot for the course. It made me learn more about educational technology and how effectively use it in the teaching practice.
A worthwhile course. A lot of excellent case-studies and learning modules to discover and learn from. Thank you for the instructors
Simple, easy to understand, and straight to the point. I'm very grateful for this course. Thank you so much! I highly recommend! :D
Very interesting course indeed. Highly recommended to all trainers or teachers who wants to learn additional tips and informations.
I have thoroughly enjoyed the learning . It was very informative & well synthesised . congratulations to both the course leaders .
It is extensive but delivered in structured and bite sized portions for online learners like myself to "digest" weekly. Thank you!
The course was very instructive, I learned to use more skiils that I will use with my students. I am glad that I have followed it!
COURSE SUPER! I LEARNED SO MUCH NEW, INSPIRED, READY FOR NEW CHANGES! THANKS TO THE INSTRUCTORS AND ALL WHO PREPARED THIS COURSE!
It was a very helpful  course for those who are shifting face to face  classes to virtual class. i had great learning experience!
Great course. Very enjoyable. Simon and Negi did a great job putting together all the basics to approach education in a new way.
Interesting course full of useful strategies and resources. well structured , nothing is vague. strongly recommended! Thank you!
I love the course, it gave us tons of useful information, advice, and kind of experience with the cases of study. Thanks a lot.
A very well planned course with great resources. I particularly found the information about different technologies very useful.
An Excellent course for educators who want to excel in online teaching. marvelous job done by both professors and other staff.
VERY GOOD AND USER FRIENDLY COURSE. VERY INFORMATIVE STUDY MATERIALS AND VIDEOS. I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THIS COURSE TO EVERYONE.
such an amazing experience i got from here! learning while engaging to this coursera! thanks much to the amazing instructors.
This was an excellent experience for me and exactly what I needed to launch my online teaching endeavors. Thank you so much!
Detailed and well organized, this course gave me the possibility to learn all the aspects of online teaching and learning.
This is a very comprehensive MOOC. It exceeded my expectations on my learning throughout my journey. Excellent job to all!
the interface of the course was easy and  user friendly. Assignments help us to learn better by reviewing others work too.
Very comprehensive course with contextualised videos and resources thats easy for learning and completing your assignments
Very well organised, plenty of resources, very clear explanations and a lot of tips you can put into practice immediatelly
very well structured. Learnt many new things. Hopefully I would be able to conduct better online teaching in the future.
the course provides the learner with new ideas and opens up a wide door of possible teaching techniques and strategies.
It is effective those who has studied to online mode. Very good experience and I learn lots of thing those I not known.
Fantastic Course !! I shall surely recommend every teacher to undergo training of this course  !! Thank you everyone !!
This course helped me to gain confidence in experimenting with blended learning. The videos and links were very useful.
Great Program i learn't a lot to improve my craft with relevant technology to enhance class room interactive activities
Excellent and engaging information, providing teachers with new ideas on how to better the online learning experience.
Good course. I learnt a lot how to teach online. Lot of techniques I learnt which is helping me a lot in my classes.
I am a fan of how I go to appreciate MOOCs because of this course. I think this is the start of more MOOCs to follow
This is an amazing platform that provides several solid information about teaching online. I do highly recommend it.
I would suggest this course is a must especially in current situation where everything is more technology dependent.
Excellent course. Comprehensive and still to the point. Great learning. This course can be a great help to teachers.
Very easy to follow. As an independent learner - I could do so without feeling the obligation of posting on a forum.
This course aided me to be more knowledgeable in terms of the strategies in an online classes. Thank you, Coursera!
I learned a huge deal in this class. Thank you very much for all the support, the instructors and tutors are great.
Outstanding course content and assignment activities. No words to describe the way they have structured the course.
It´s a good course and also provides tools to share with the students to make an attractive and interactive class.
it was very helpful in terms of developing skills required for online teaching highly resourceful and rich content
Its very useful and informative course i believe after which no one say that they do not know how to teach online.
I had a very comprehensive and challenging course experience . Activities given are very  exciting ! Thanks UNSW!
Organized and very well explained key concepts. The case studies and additional resources were also very helpful.
very thorough discussion, does not only provide concept but also practically solution including sources for tools
The course is exceptionally well designed. I have been attending MOOCs worldwide for 6 years now. This tops all.
There are a numerous number of resources to use and study in this course. Very helpful and well-designed course.
The course is very informational. It brings me to a new vast of knowledge ,that is vey helpful to my discipline.
Complete, dynamic, easy but overwhelming. I like it and I enjoy it. Thanks to the creators and the support team.
Its really very helpful course...i really wanted to have more such a course...thanks for upgrading my knowledge
Excellent. I was able to learn at my own pace and I will put into practice lot of things learnt in the course.
It was a great learning experience and commendable effort for teachers to improve their online teaching skills
Very different and great experience of learning. Simple yet powerful and influential environment for learners
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Great resources & the course progression was very well laid out. Thank you!
This course was excellent. Very Informative. The information and online tools they provide us are wonderful.
Good learning experience. I would like to Thank Coursera
TEAM for their wonderful videos and life time cases
Some material was outdated. Would have been nice to update. Overall, was a very good and insightful course.
Dedicated lecturers who shared their knowledge with us in details and wholeheartedly. Loved every bit of it
The curriculum is nicely designed and helps you to explore options and makes you search within for answers.
Thank you so much for the course. Very well-developed, lots of useful information- crucial and additional.
Excellent course. I have used many of knowledge from this course to my online teaching. Thanks, Coursera.
This was a great course, with lots of information about engaging students in high quality online learning
This is an excellent course for those who look to the future - on demand, online, personalized education.
It was a great course with all the resources available for leaning and understanding of teaching online.
Very good course. Although I'm an experienced teacher, I've learned many things, technologies and so on.
This course is great! Very timely for us teachers going into work from home status. Thank you, Coursera!
A highly educative course with tips and drivers for learning new tricks in the field of online teaching.
I really impressed from this course because it was very useful and helpful for online teaching purposes
A very good course for all who would like to Teach Online, even for novice trainers or educators alike.
How can I purchase my Complete Certificate for this course that I had attended? Pls advise me.Thank you
A thorough course which covers how to develop, implement, run and evaluate an online learning program.
I have learned soo many things, and proper use of technology, and different tools used in technology.
Nice Information and details of required Skills explained during this Learning to teach online course
Very insightful and helpful on how to add technology to your classroom and curriculum appropriately.
Highly  informative and  very well conducted Course. Congratulations to the entire team of the MOOC.
Very nice experience. The activities are much useful. Useful course for online teaching and learning
It was really a nice experience. Learned so many new techniques and methodology. Thank you Coursera.
"Learning to teach online" is a well designed course built for all those who aspire to teach online.
It is a very good course, fundamental for a good professional development, specially for bachelors.
Its amazing course full of lots of helping information,helps in exploring and developing new ideas.
A well-designed. So many insights from the instructors, the case study, and my fellow course taker.
It is really helpful! I found a lot of useful information for my online course of russian language.
ITS A GREAT TO LEARN MANY NEW THINS FROM THIS COURSE AND SURELY ITS A VALUE ADDED TO MY KNOWLEDGE
It is a great course for beginners who are willing to take up online teaching for the first time
Excellent content, activities and assessment.A perfect package. Few resources were inaccessible.
Course is very informative and comprehensive in nature to help to enter in online teaching era.
The content covered in the course is really resourceful and I have been benefited by it greatly
good experience and learning for me. Thank you so much for providing such an efficient course .
Ciurse is really well designed and its really great oppirtunity to learn from all perspective .
Great overview of the topic and inspiring to built up your own course or make them even better.
I found many pointers useful and helped me to take the online classes more effectively. Thanks
This is an amazing course as it gives you a good edge and kick start to start teaching online.
best platform for learning Latest technologies as well as modern advances in educational field
Highly enjoyable. Great resources. Will be revisiting this information in the future for sure.
Excellent course taught by eminent people. Very useful course in the modern days of teaching,
Excellent course for beginners who are trying to learn to teach online. Thank you very much.
Good learning and Course content was excellent. Instructors made thing very clear. Thank you
A very useful course that explores new technologies that a teacher can use in the classsroom
This course is very informative and hopefully it is going to groom my online teaching also.
This course was very useful to me and I had learnt a lot. The resources were very relevant.
A must do course to all the teachers, as this online teaching is the next way of teaching.
Very helpful to us. Thank you so much Coursera for giving us this course its very helpful.
Very good course with best practice sharing from the on the ground teaching professionals.
I have leaned alot and i want to keep myself in touch  with coursera ,. THANK YOU COURSERA
This course is the best platform for online teaching. The video information is very useful
Excellent course for both beginners and expereinced faculty in the area of online teaching
Equipped me with the necessary skills and mindset to teach an online or a blended course.
A useful course for trainers/teachers who wish to do online teaching or blended learning.
It will help me a lot to plan the curriculum for my online classes during this pandemic.
Well Structured & organized. Thanks to organizers for providing best learning platform.
I have never learned so much online before. I would definitely recommend to my friends.
Very informative and well-constructed course. This will help me a lot in my profession.
Very Good! I learned a lot. Even after I finished the course, I will review completely.
Very good content for the learning and developing soft skill in this pandemic session
It is verymuch informative for the teachers to apply new teaching skill to the future
It an extraordinary course which extended to me an extreme help in my online teaching
A very fruitful course which i learn and very relevent to my day to day application.
An excellent course that introduces teachers to the importance of blended learning.
This course was taught in efficient and intelligible manner by both the professors.
Excellent Course and it has an ocean of resources on online teaching and learning.
Very timely and has given a lot of preparation to us educators in this pandemic.
Excellent quality resources, great teachers, challenging assessments.  Thank you
outstanding opportunity to learn advance techniques in this COVID-19 situation
very easy and interesting course, well designed and meet the needs of learner
The best course for anyone who is looking forward to online teaching pedagogy
A productive way forward for a lifelong education. A very well design course.
Well designed course. Especially the video's gives much better understanding.
This course is very useful for supporting my job as a lecturer. recommended.
A wonderful introduction to an amazing world of learning and teaching online
It was very beneficial , especially in current (COVID19) Pandemic Scenario!
So useful with a lot of useful sources introduced and engaging the learner.
Truly ideal discussions for a learning platform that is adaptive to change!
This course was an excellent resource.  I would encourage others to enroll.
Great course but takes more time then esitmated, still well invested time.
Nice work is done by Faculties and all modules were thoroughly explained.
The course was very informative and useful especially during covid crisis
Thanks a lot UNSW! learned a lot, now I think I am ready to teach online.
Excellent course designed by both instructors. Thank you professors. ...
This is a meaningful online course for the educators and professionals.
This is a very timely course that both teachers and students can learn.
Great resources and information on ways to implement learning online!
A very good course giving the basic introduction how to teach online.
Wonderful course. Each and every aspect of online teaching is covered
Great content and lessons for anyone who is in the education industry
A good beginner Course with ample examples and practical expereince.
Very helping and neatly designed course with excellent case studies.
Great course that brings many aspects of online teaching into focus.
I love this course and get everything that I wanted before enrolled.
Very engaging, great content. Overall a very pleasurable experience.
Affordable, well organized introduction to learning to teach online.
Excellent Course and very informative.  All the best to the team!!!
very helpful course, i would like to do more courses from coursera.
Really  I have got many skills that will help me improve my career.
Thank you so much my Teachers and peers. I learned a lot from you.
Great course!! Kudos go to the teachers on this course! They rock!
The course very useful for the teacher who are going teach online.
Very nice and informative courseInstructors are very goodThank you
I have learn so much in this course. I definitively recommend it.
I was able to take what I learned and easily apply it in my work.
It's an amazing course! So helpful! So interesting and practical!
It was a really very effective and knowledgeable course content.
Attending this course will definitely improve my online teaching
The course is very helpful especially in this COVID-19 Pandemic.
Excellent course...Lots of reading material and valuable videos
Excellent course , i would suggest to any one wholeheartedly !!
It was great course. it helps me to understand online learning.
This course is very useful. It updated my skills more and more.
EXCELLENT. The best course I've taken from Coursera (out of 9).
The course is useful and complete. I learned a lot at my pace.
Course was very resourceful and full of learnings and insights
Really a very useful course with very good resource materials
This training was an excellent training. I have learnt a lot.
Very informative and highly required course in this era !!!!!
very good Course , all videos are useful for teaching online
It was indeed a great opportunity and experience. Thank you!
Great information and tools to make your way forward in LTTO
My name of the certificate should be as DR. MOHAMMAD  JAVED
I´m so glad I took this course, very well done teachers :-)
Learnt lot of things through this course.Thank you so much.
At my age (56) it was a little intense, but very thorough.
I learned a lot, and it explains perfectly all the topics.
Very good course.Thank you so much for technical guidance.
It was great and very enlightening. Thank you very much!
excellent course. i would use the word "transformative"
Excellent introduction to the topic - highly recommend!
Very good course with informative materials available.
Very helpful course to improve online teaching skills.
Thank you for this wonderful program that you offered.
Very engaging and informative. I really learned a lot.
Course is very lengthy... Please reduce some exercises
It was good experience Thank-you Mr.Simon & Ms. Negin
Great course to recharge spirit for teaching online.
This course was very useful. Thanks for offering it.
There is the best and useful course I've ever seen.
Very well organised, Highly informative. Thank you
This is very timely course now because of COVID 19
Good course for teachers to learn to teach online
Excellent course for the teaching professionals.
Really a good course each faculty has to undergo
The course is very helpful for online teaching.
Extremely thorough and helpful course. Cheers!!
Excellent course with a whole lot of resources
Excellent training for Online Teaching novices
It is an EXCELLENT course.Thank you very much.
Great learning experience, very informative!!!
Its an excellent platform for the beginners.
The course is very timely and well-prepared.
The course was really interesting to learn.
Amazing Experience to start teaching online
Thanks a lot. It was a wonderful learning!
A nice and a wonderful experience overall.
Very good and I learned a lot.  Thank you.
Thankful for this course. I learned a lot!
Very informative and immensely practical.
Excellent course, very useful. Thank you.
Well this actually was an amazing course!
The experience is so amazing. Thank you!
Well designed course for teaching online
It was a bit long but gave good ideas...
Excellent course. Love the instructors.
Wow the best course ever. I enjoyed it.
One the best online course I have done.
Very informative course. Well prepared.
woohoo... i enjoyed it a lot. Thank you
exceptional in developing my skill set
A great learning experience. Thank you
Its perfect in current scenario!!!!!!!
I've learned a lot. Thank you so much!
Extremely Professional helpful Course.
One the best online teaching platform!
Great course handy tools and resources
Very nice course for the all teachers
Wonderful teachers. Loved this course
Very good course for online teaching.
Very well explained and informative.
superb design and content of course.
Every teacher should do this course.
Thank you for a well rounded course.
Full of information and interesting.
Very well designed and useful course
This is an excellent online course.
Its been amazing journey thanks....
Outstanding and Informative Course.
Easy to follow and engaging videos.
Very well constructed and designed
thanks for the learning experience
Very nice and well planned course.
Excellently designed, very useful.
I learned so much in this course.
Thanks for the excellent training
i learnt something and I mean it
I am happy that I have done this
very nice course and informative
Very Good and great for teachers
best course offered by coursera
I learned a lot in this course!
Once started, I could not stop.
Wonderfully constructed course
it was new and nice experience
Excellent course. try everyone
Amazing Course! thanks so much
very helpful and informative.
Great platform for e-teaching
It is great learning process.
Very complete course. Great.
Full of knowledge and skills
Good and informative Course.
its amazing and very helpful
Highly enlightening course.
This course is very useful.
Good course for knowledge.
Great learning experience!
I have really learnt a lot
Very well designed course!
Comprehensive and precise
Very informative course..
Superb, Very Informative.
It was a nice experience!
Very useful thank you!!!
Not to be missed course!
Its an amazing course!!
Course is very helpful!
It's Great outstanding.
The course was awesome
Online teaching skills
Well doneGreat efforts
very knowledgeable!!
I learned a lot ...
Really informative!
Highly Informative.
wonderful learniing
Learn New thoughts
very well designed
not good at all
Thanks a lot .
Tough course
Before, I embarked on enrolling the course, I consider my experience in online teaching as below par since I believe i still lack the knowledge needed to carry out an effective online course. The course covered almost all of the rudiments of online teaching. The modules were well designed to students both beginners and with moderate level of online knowledge.  The lecturers/resource persons in each module showed high level of expertise in their own fields. At first, I had a hard time coping with the earlier part of the course probably due to much distraction brought by the Covid-19 pandemic, however all my anxieties disappeared as the course progressed and I became more focused with the lessons/modules. Finishing the course, really boosted my confidence. Thank you so much.
This course was excellent in getting one to think about teaching online. It highlighted for me that thought our students might be digital citizens and digitally competent, they may not be digitally literate with the technology/software that I decide to use to impart instruction in class. It helped me to understand that our role is not reduced as teachers simply because our students are now online, but if anything, our role has now become increasingly important to facilitate the engagement of students and to ensure that no one is left behind or feels left out of the teaching/learning experience.
Digital
environment becomes a crucial part of our lives.  In order to stay relevant and increase
students' interest, we should take it into consideration by incorporating
various virtual tools and methods into our educational process. The situation
with Covid-19 has made us all realize the importance of acceleration of this
process. It was beneficial for me to take into account the experience and opinions of other teachers and in the area.
This course helped me understand the diversity of digital methods and tools
that exist, and thus, become better equipped to use them in my work
This course provided me with enough material to enable me to improve my online teaching skills. Modules were very well presented with some optional activities. The self-evaluation exercises with personalized recommendations were to the point and the reading material suggested will keep me busy for some time to come. Assignments were relevant and will help with future work. The last part with Q&A was a nice touch with numerous examples. Great course and highly recommended.
This course is perfectly designed for pre-service/ in service teachers who are still novice towards technology. Due to the Covid-19, we all had to take a paradigm shift in online education. In this situation, this course really helped me to enrich my knowledge in using technological tool for the benefits of online teaching. Each and every module was beautifully designed with proper information. I would highly recommend this course and I am highly satisfied with this one.
I was very happy with the course, Learning to Teach Online from UNSW Sydney (University of New South Wales). I am sorry to be English, my second language, and not having a command of English. But I confess that the course is good, I made an effort out of my reality, as for English. The course offers you many tools to improve the quality of online work for teachers and their students. I do recommend this course! The lectures are clear and objective.
Thank you very much!
Really appreciate each one of the contributions in peer learning and evaluation. This course teaches a lot about online learning tools, which can be effectively used in teaching. Teaching can be made simple and effective by using these tools. Really appreciate the course. If a person read all documents carefully and watch videos then he/she can get quite a detailed knowledge. I would apply these tools in my teaching also for my students better learning.
This is an excellent introduction to Online teaching, especially for someone who would like to transit from face to face teaching to online environment. There are loads of case study examples and external resources, to the point of posing a problem of plenty! The most valuable aspect is that the personalized recommendations to address your improvement areas - as diagnosed from your responses to the ungraded activities.
The course was not easy, it involved a lot of work and referencing but it was so interesting! It took me step by step through the process of getting familiar with online technologies and tools. The periodic feedback was so helpful. As I am a senior consultant, not much accustomed to online teaching-learning till now, it was a great experience to take this course and today feel more confident about teaching online.
I have learnt a lot about On line teaching methods including why online teaching is important specially at the present day senario, open and Institutionally supported technologies, planning on line learning, on line teaching, on line learning activities, on line resourses, on line assessment strategies, engaging and motivating students, and evaluation strategies. I am enriched with all these knowledges.
This course has been an eye opener for me on a number of areas. It is a real game changer in these days when teachers have had to learn how to teach online sometimes on their own! I feel grateful that I got the opportunity to learn through this course. The instructors do practice what they preach as I felt their presence through out the entire course.
The course was outstanding. The videos were very much helpful in enhancing the knowledge. presentations by Simon and Negin were awesome!! The pedagogy part was most liked by me .Assignments were also interesting.  Assessment, evaluation, feedback and interaction part were also very good.
It was a great course! The Instructors were lucid, pleasant and reassuring. The Course is well thought out and the design is learner friendly. The videos are really interesting and informative. The reading material is a treasure. I loved the journey--thank you.
its was a beautifuly made comprehensive easy and objective oriented learning experience .being a medical teacher I learned so many things I thankfuk to my both teachers in special for their politeness and very intelligent explanation
I have learned quite a lot of information on this course. As a teacher who has recently started teaching online it has equipped me with new knowledge of motivating students online,and the use of analytics in my teaching. Good course
Very Well designed course thanks for both of our instructors for making things easy for us.Didn't have any knowledge about different apps their use and benefits of their implementation completely cleared our concepts. Thanks
It has been a great experience,  I have learned so many skills and new tools to teach online. Teachers' support was so relevant as well. Thank you for all your searching and links that you share with us in each of the units.
I really appreciate the way the course is organised. This course will help lot of beginners who is interested to use online teaching. The resources provided were really made me to improvise my online teaching skills.
A well-designed course that equips and refreshes any educator into the art and skill that is teaching and learning. I feel more confident after the completion of this course. I am a better teacher now.>
Amazing experience. Truly an eye-opener for several faculty like me who enrolled for the course from my institution. Thanks to both the course instructors for their wonderful synergy and contribution.
Thanks to the course instructors for creating such an engaging, and informative course. The videos, self-assessment and other resources shared were very helpful. I truly enjoyed the course!
Its and Excellent Course, where we have learnt the Importance of Online Teaching, How to Adapt to the same. have Learnt on The various Tools and the process of navigating through the tools
In my opinion, this is a valuable course for teacher who involved online teaching .I used some of the technologies like audacity , mediawik, etc . It is wonderful course in all standard.
Great course I have leant a lot. I just recommend to adjust the time course because it can take a lot of hours to revise all the materials (docs, websites, tools, etc)
In addition to this course, I have also done 3 other courses through coursera but I found it the best. A really learning experience with excellent facilitators.
It is  an excellent course. Teachers explain  everything  so clearly. Every word ,came from teachers are valuable here. Definitely it excel me in my profession.
Wonderful online experience where I learned about so many new tool and strategy possibilities that are greatly appreciated.  Instructors were awesome. Thanks!
Is a great course and the teachers who make up this project are very profesional, this course will help me with my online classes in the future, thank you.
The course is very in-depth and interesting all the way.  Modules are explained effectively and the reading and research is very comprehensive.
Everything was new for me but I had a great time reading ,learning and learning from the rest of the student and also from the teachers.Thanks!
Firstly Thank you to UNSW Sydney to provide a such brillent coures . then thanks to coursera for providing such great platform to everyone.
Excellent Content. Loads of information and appreciate the sharing of several links and videos. Worth doing the course again in the future
Wonderful course. I enjoyed the entire session. Thanks to professors and their valuable contributions to make us satisfied and educated.
The course was comprehensive and well designed. Peers generally completed the assignments and reviews were done in a timely fashion.
one of the best courses i have learnt on teaching online..superble explained along with the innumerable unique set of case-studies
Very useful, it is well structured and let adjust the deliveries. The assignment represents a challenge for me as a beginner
Very useful information and resources. Clear explanations and study cases which gives us tools for improvement and analysis.
Thanks for the wonderful sessions.I still have to learn a lot to put the learning into practice to make myself perfect
It is really an excellent course.  I have learnt many things which are very much useful for my professional career.
The lecturer's teaching is well organized and presented, which helped me to accept
the new knowledge quickly.
A very good course for every teacher. It is not about teaching online but also about effective teaching.
Very inspirative and knowledge gain course. Thank you and Great Thanks to my Enterprise GITAM UNIVERSITY
Those course are very usufull to collect knowledge about how to teach online those r solved all problem
EXcellent!! Accurate, meaningful...in touch with the current world situation.  I really enjoyed!!
Great resources and suggestions, well organized course presented in a helpful and friendly way.
The course was really helpful in transitioning from traditional teaching to online teaching.
very insightful plus it's free! amazing professors who thoroughly discuss the topics :)
Informative Course that helps teachers explore online teaching from different angles
I like so much this course. I learned a lot and meet a so interesting iniciatives.
I learned more than I expected. Full of resources, well organized. Thank you.
Excellent course, very well explained :) video lectures are very helpful
Helped a lot to improve my skills on online teaching. Thanks to Coursera
excellent experience and interesting throughout completing the course
Excelent course, congratulations to the instructors, they just Rock!
Very thorough and a lot of learning from this course, thank you.
I enjoyed and got to a new vision of teaching online. Thank you!
I got overall knowledge of online teaching. Thank you courseera
Very  good content to learn online teaching process and system.
It was wonderful as it took a holistic approach to teaching.
Great course, I found good experts to develop our knowledge.
Very useful, it offers a large number of tools for teachers.
Great introduction to the subject for a first timer like me.
Great, informative, professional and personable professors.
it will be helpful for online learning  and  teaching skill
Interesting course!!! I received many ideas !!! Many thanks
I was happy to take the Learning to Teach online course.
Very interesting course and i learned new tools
It is the most complete course to teach online
very useful and up to date with information
Very good course and excellent Professors.
Great Experience wit nicely created course
Many thanks for the worker in this course
Great and useful course ,really valuable
it s seriousness job and all need to it
the course was great.  i learned a lot.
Very easy to follow; well structured!
Just great. I did learn a lot. Thanks
Very informative & value added course
It was nice experience and learning.
great i have learnt alot of things.
It was really great thanks a lot
Excellent course to teach online
Very beautiful and interesting
Great learning experience..
Very conceptual and helpful
Outstanding and very useful
The course is too lengthy
i enjoyed this course :)
Nice efforts by Coursera
its amazing experience
Course is a ultimate.
Very Nice Courses
very helpful them
It’s very good.
