I dropped this after the first week when the professor blatantly misrepresented the law on product liability with respect to firearms.  I want to learn about the law, I don't need to be indoctrinated.  Unfortunately Professor Allen is being turned loose on an unsuspecting student body and that is too bad.
Unnecessarily stressful for a course I am auditing.  It's sad, because the material is extremely interesting at the pace I can digest as opposed to the speed the course demands.
It doesn't allow me to unenroll the course
Too much theoretical;The teachers talk way too much about principles, general ideas and special cases; It should be more practical if necessary with more videos, so that after the course students would be able to have a better knowledge of the American Law.
This course would have been better if the speakers were to focus more on the distinctive features of American law. As a would-be lawyer, who studied common law in the UK and Hong Kong, I don't find this course particularly useful, as the so-called "distinctive" features of American law are actually very similar to that of the English common law.
Interesting at times but not all modules had the same level of focus on the particularities of American law, some were simply a summary of the law in that area in general without highlighting what was unique to American law in that area.
It was a superficial course. It doesn't teach any law about USA, just present the inicial thoughts.
This was  a long course and quite frankly that 4th professor ( ruger) really should NOT do public speaking he was horrible to listen to. Not to be rude but it's hard to comprehend things when the person speaking keeps making verbal mistakes. Some of the course we very good and interesting but some simply could not hold my attention.
this course isn't suitable for someone without any legal background, as it is rich and dense in information.
The interactive transcripts were really bad. Usefull questions and a good general knowledge
Interesting course, but a bit too basic and superficial. Teachers were engaging though.
Great basic overview. Evaluations a bit too easy/forgiving.
Great Instrutors.Great examples for understanding.
Nice and necessary
A very interesting and well presented introduction to US law--even for those, like me, who are neither US citizens nor lawyers. The instructors manage to make some complex ideas simple to understand while not talking down to their students. Assessments were fairly straightforward but did cover the material fairly well.The biggest weakness, in my view, was the discussion forums. As seems common in most courses on the new Coursera platform, the forums were fairly quiet. However, this was made worse by the apparent attitude of the course mentors who, whether intentionally or merely through their language limitations (neither of the most active mentors were native English speakers or US residents), seemed patronising and dismissive of entirely reasonable questions. Moreover, their input in ever thread served to stifle discussion between students; once they had given the 'correct' response any other input was entirely unwelcome. I've never come across such apparently hostile 'mentoring' either online or in the traditional academic situations. For this reason alone I rate the course at a 4 rather than 5 star. Maybe later courses will have different mentors or the existing ones will improve their skills. If you can live without friendly and supportive forums then I unreservedly recommend the course.
I found them in every week of the lecture trying to approve 2 points: 1- Why is our laws great 2- why is it different from other lawswhich are mainly not the things I care about. I care about how these laws work in general and maybe some of the interesting cases that happened. Also I felt like the course wasn't really organized, like if we have a week to understand how that law connects to that law and how that law connects to the general map of laws (made up name)But I felt that the things we studied wasn't really connecting to each other.but anyway generally the course did it's job, and ironically I found the sixth week the most not boring one for some reason.
Everything was good.But I have two observations:1 - Some of the lectures had a translation of the Arabic language and some doesn't contain, I wish I could find a translation in all lectures, which facilitates the process of study.A. For the certificate:I hope to send a copy by  mail  address to the student, because universities usually have a certain paper quality for certificates.and many student look forward to keeping the certificates in frame as usual.thanks for your cooperation
An introductory course that provides an overview to a few major aspects of American law, including contract, tort, constitution, property law. Important cases are incorporated to help illustrate fundamental legal concepts. I appreciate that the course puts some highlights in the comparison between the laws of American and laws of other common law jurisdictions, so even law students/legal practitioners from other countries could gain some insight.
The course does offer basic insights into the history of American law, as promised. It also gives you valuable perspective on American legal history and on the principles that govern our courts - especially the Supreme Court. That said, I don't give it five stars because the more extensive texts and reading were unnecessary to passing it. The tests are honestly too easy, and I'm saying that as someone who has never even touched law school.
The professors were excellent. Their vocabulary suggested to assume some prior knowledges prior to taking this course, but they were extremely concise in their delivery of content and examples, I didn't know anything about what American Law except for a vague understanding of a procedural trial. Now I feel like I have a better grasp as to American Law's philosophy and its preferences on how Law should be operated.
Overall, the course is good. It gives a very superficial idea of the legislative framework in the United States. I would like a more detailed analysis of some sections. Personally, I did not like the module of constitutional law, because the lecturer constantly read the transcript and it seemed that he did not understand what he was saying. And so - normal, but a little weak
The course content is really engaging and the lectures opened up a new world of American civics for me. However, in this course, you learn more about law from a philosophical standpoint than from an actual "law student's" view. At times the videos were long and some points are made over and over again, but in the end, I have learned a great many things about American law.
A very well thought out selection of lectures and topics to provide an introduction to someone without any prior knowledge of the American legal system. At the same time, these lectures have enough food for thought for the engaged learner and should encourage further exploration of these topics. In my case, it led to several further readings and video watchings.
Great information! Interesting and for the most part quite easy to follow. I would suggest the creators find re-record the section on Civil Law, as the communication style used by the professor in this section is not nearly as clear as the other sections. I wish it went just a little more in depth, but absolutely excellent experience for a free course!
Straightforward videos with decent content and good content. Some presenters are better than others, but overall, each section was valuable. The questions throughout the videos are a tad annoying because the content is too easy and they interrupt the flow. I appreciated the great introduction, however, and found the course quite helpful.
It is not as demanding as the courses offered by European universities, and this is a negative aspect. However, it provides a useful brief introduction of some key aspects of US Law to foreign lawyers in a very interesting way. It would be nice having entire courses to each of the topics exposed in this course.
It was helpful for me because I am involved in a law suit and I got to learn terminology and what to anticipate in the procedures. I gave only 4 stars because the timing of the course, during the holidays, didn't give any grace for time-out. I realize it's not expected, but that's my scoring. Well presented!
This course offers basic and essentiul knowledge about US laws including tort law, contract law, property law, constitution law and criminal law. The course is delivered by different lecturers specialized in each topic, thus the content is clear and well explained.
This was a great introductory course on the legal principles that govern our country. It was well instructed and easy to understand. My only grievance would be to have more testing involved so that the information will be transferred to the long term memory.
This was a great way for me to start pursuing my interest in American law and I enjoyed it. Having a different professor for each week kept it interesting, and I have come away from this class with a solid overview of what each field of law has to offer.
This course gives a wide view of the various aspects of American law and does so very well. I enjoyed the way each week was organized. I know that this was an introductory course but would've enjoyed a mechanism for studying some topics in more depth.
Nice overview class where you can get an introduction to different types of law. Would be nice to do a follow up course(given this seems to be a Intro to each of the First year law classes) on other areas(2nd year) etc type of law.
Great, easy way to get familiar with a lot of different aspects of American Law. Introduces you to important topics, landmark cases, and helps you get familiar with the way that lawyers/law students talk about cases.
Very informative and interesting. I find law to be boring, as in I do not care it. However, this course shows that learning about law and lawyer things is quite fun and exciting. great professor
Excellent introduction to basic concepts in American law. Very clear lectures that are given by different faculty members for each topic. Easy to digest information even for non-lawyer types!
This is a good course for beginners, but I already have a law degree, so it's too simple for me, I thought there will be some differences between Civil law and Common law, but ...
I didn't know anything about law before I began this course, after going through this course I feel like i have the basics down pat (although it feels like the very basics).
I have enjoyed the course immensely so far and have now decided to return to college to study law. Thank you for providing such an excellent introduction to American Law.
The course is well designed and effective at giving the learner a glimpse of American Law. The founding principles of American Law have been very clearly laid out.
That was a very good course. However, in some parts it was too detailed, in some other parts too general. My opinion is very positive though! Thank you very much:)
I have learned what I expected about the American Law system and enjoyed the process. Despite that, I would implement more ways of evaluation than only tests.
Good introductory-level course to multiple aspects of American law, particularly what is distinctive about U.S. law as compared to alternative legal choices.
As the name says, the course it's only an introduction. It's too general but gives to the viewer, student, a basic idea of how the american law sistem works.
Perfect! The lectures were great, and the questions during the lectures kept you on your feet. It was a little monotone, but other than that, great!
Sufficient as a brief introduction to American Law, with good references for further reading. Lacking, however, in the field of Corporate Law.
very interesting but the final tests (for each lesson and the final exam) should be reviewed, knowing that some questions are understanding ..
Pretty good. I really liked the mid-lecture questions, but I think they're too easy. Also, why isn't there a lesson about criminal procedure?
Very interesting course, with a summary of the main features of the American law and lots of additional reading materials. Recommendable.
Pretty thorough introduction to American Law. It was a little boring in the last few weeks but other than that really good lectures!
Good introductory course. I'd like to see a little more detail, though. Maybe individual courses, or peer reviewed responses.
An interesting course that covers broadly the American Law areas. Not too difficult. A good introduction.Very well presented.
Brilliant and informative course. I found that the professors could have made things simpler to understand at times.
Great introduction to law. However, if you have previous legal education this course may not be super useful.
Hope it can have more in-depths exercise. Still, it serves good as an introductory course of the American Law
This is a great introduction to the topic, providing basic insight into the primary topics of American Law.
it is excellent for the students who aren't from the America to have a rough understand to America's law
Introductory course for anyone who are interested in US legal system. Informative and well-organized!
Very good overview and great resources to enhance the learning experience (and at my own pace).
Some weeks are definitely better than others, but all are interesting and informative!
I loved learning with this course! The given explanations were very clear. Thank you!
An excellent survey of American Law. I enjoyed the subject and the class very much.
heavy course load. Required me to think outside of what the lecture was teaching
A very good intorduction.  However, it is not very captivating to say the least.
This course provides a good overview of the different kinds of American law.
An amazing course to enhance the basic understanding of the American Laws.
Good overview. I guess the presentation could have been more interesting.
Very good but a little bit shallow. I think it could be a little deeper.
overall a well-organized course for an overview of american law regime.
This course is really helpful, it gives clear outline of American Law.
It is a great course, it would be nice to see something more in depth.
The professors provide a good understanding of the US law structure.
Basic information, but very helpful prior to entering your 1L year.
I learnt a lot from this course and highly recommend it to anyone
Great course, notes could've been more organized though.
It´s a good course to learn about American Legal System.
Surface level course filled with excellent case studies
Great course to understand the american legal system
I have earn a broader knowledge of legal vocabulary
one of the the best courses i have learnt so far ..
Good for beginners. Thank you for the introduction!
It's extremely an interesting and helpful course.
It is a solid course but quizzes are very easy
I suggest that there be a written assignment.
A very concise and in depth introduction.
very interesting and informative course.
good, very basic, introduction
I wish it was more practical.
very productive, Thanks
I'm starting law school soon but don't have a pre-law background. This course has been very helpful in getting me acquainted with some of the general areas of law to which I'll be exposed in school. Being taught by law professors helped me to get a basic understanding of many of the principles of the law as well as many of the terms that I will need to be familiar with once I'm thrown in the deep end.I'd recommend this course to anyone either thinking about going into the study of law or actually getting ready to enter law school.
I enjoyed this course and it helped me to understand the basic parts of American Law. My only suggestion is to provide even more cases as examples to demonstrate the doctrines and statutes. Thank you.
This is an excellent class, presentations and content from expert professors are well done, I highly recommend this class whether you're studying law or any other discipline this class is essential.
I have no background in law whatsoever and this course was a very brief and to the point introduction to the US law. I really liked the partitioning of the course. Each week goes after a specific aspect and gives a great overview.
I highly recommend this informative course, and it's the first one I've ever completed on Coursera. I candidly appreciate all the hard work done by these excellent professors. Thank you so much for enlightening me! As a Chinese whose undergraduate major is journalism, it effectively informs such a foreign layman like me of some basics of American law. Through step-by-step illustrations, it provides a general picture of the American law, explain its distinctiveness, and shows various problems developed during the construction, interpretation, and application of this legal system. What impressed me and made me think the most during this intellectual journey was how institutional culture of enforcement coupled with constant shift of societal norms was incrementally shaping and consolidating the American law. Although there is still a lot to absorb and internalize, I feel happy and refreshed!
A well designed course to provide an overview into the American Law and legal system. I would recommend this to all those who want to understand the American Law especially to legal professionals from other countries who want to seek a deeper understanding into the subject. The professors do a great job of explaining major subjects of the American Law in a precise and uncomplicated manner. The reviews and tests are thought provoking and require some serious prior study and understanding. I have learnt a great deal from this course.
Como persona que ejerce el derecho en un pais extranjero (Chile) el curso ha sido una fantastica comparativa, que permite ver las diferencias y similitudes entre ambos sistemas.  Muy recomendado.As a person who works as attorney at a diferent country (Chile) this course has been a fantastic oportunity to compair both legal systems, and their diferences and similarities. Very recomended.
I can't believe this is free. As I'm beginning law school this fall, I wanted to find a source online that gave me a good foundation of the basic principles and areas of law I'll be focusing on in my first year, and this course was perfect. I feel much more prepared to take on being a 1L. If you're beginning law school soon, I would 100% recommend this course, especially with how important 1L grades are.
A great first step on understanding the basic principles of American Law, providing an insight into impact on the systems we encounter on a daily basis and how these systems have developed over time.
This course helped me understand most of the information shared from within. But it remains unclear why or how some arbitration may be binding. That concept needs further explanation, since some arbitration may be dismissed or overruled. I do not know why some arbitrated cased are final and closed, but other arbitrated cases move to litigation. I also do not understand why different arbitrators would deliver different opinions or decisions over one case, were they asked. Please share your thoughts regarding this. My contact information is: ewropsagent@yahoo.com. Thank you for your time and service. Barbara
I found this course very interesting and informative and found the Professors very easy to follow and clearly spoken. I would recommend this course to anyone looking to get into the legal industry in the USA.
I enjoyed learning about our laws and it's applications, as well as history. The course was informative and enjoyable. The presenters were knowledgeable and easy to understand. Well worth the time.
Very comprehensive-- thoroughly enjoyed the lectures on the Constitution. Thought I needed more time for the additional readings; however, inclusion of a quasi-text (or text) was great. Thank you.
Right now I'm a middle school English teacher, but I've been considering going to law school and pursuing a career in educational law. In my time as a teacher, I've personally witnessed how students are failed every day by the education system and I want to do something about that. I haven't applied to schools yet, but I wanted to take a course to get an idea of the kinds of things I will study. This course really confirmed my desire to pursue law. I felt highly motivated to complete the assignments and found the lectures and readings interesting. I especially enjoyed the module on Constitutional Law.  For anyone thinking of going to law school, I think this course is a nice sneak peak.
I came into this course knowing almost nothing about American Law. Now that I have finished this course, I believe I could go into a court room, and watch the proceedings and actually understand what is happening. Of course, I do not know all of the details, and this did not teach the details. This course gives a practical and intelligent way of portraying the different aspects of Law. Not only does this course represent the substance of Law in a practical manner, but it also is a true introduction as it states. There are no prerequisites required to take this course, and anyone with a decent vocabulary and reading skills can take this course.
The course has provided excellent overview of the American Law. this course helped me in understanding some basic key concepts of the law. the content of the course and selection of the facilitators is awesome. i really liked the Instructor of Criminal Law, his presentation, clarity in concepts and command on the subject is praise worthy. at the end i feel motivated to learn more about the American Legal system which is driving the world towards an ideal justice system. Thanks and profound regards to Penn Instructors and the Coursera Team for providing this valuable learning opportunity with quality content in an awesome way .
As a Brit new to the US I found this course to be a wonderful introduction to the structure and ideas that make up the American legal system. The course lectures are easy to follow, and the reading material very useful. To get the best from the course you need to spend more reading time than the course suggests, especially if unfamiliar with the American legal system at the point of starting the course. Overall I would thoroughly recommend this as a great introduction to American Law, it's evolution over time, and the things that make it unique.
An excellent course. The story telling approach is most suitable for a short introductory course. Concise and punchy without sacrifice of quality. I find the segment on constitutional law not only particularly interesting, but also clears up a lot of my mis-conception about the United States constitution, political system and politics. A big thank you to all 6 professors who are kind enough to have taken the time to present the lectures. An high quality educational experience, though brief, that few other law schools can match or rival.
This course is very informative.   I enjoyed taking the course.  I believe I can forward this course to another interested person.  on a scale of 1-10, I give the course the rating of 11.  I approve this course for our humans who live on Mars, therefore this course represents the education system of intergalactic space travel.  I am reviewing many universities to determine which universities participace in our now future space program.  I write space missions for Princeton, and NASA.  I know what I am looking for.
I could only say what a great course is! It is especially interesting for a civil law attorney to understand the very deep foundational differences between the American common law and our legal systems. For example, while civil law completely recognizes an action for the called pre-contractual liability these actions are straightforwardly denied in the U.S because it would imply undermining their basic notions of freedom to contract and therefore to consent. Thanks to all the great professors of Penn Law.
Very interesting course. I'm a student of Law and Business Administration in Bocconi and I found the apporach in the course very useful in order to be introducted to the American Legal System. The differences between the other systems are well defined and every concept is explained in an easy way, allowing even students without a legal background at being involved. At the same time it remains interesting for students who already have a legal background for its comparative issues.
Excellent because each instructor taught the course by first giving an historical introduction to ground the lessons on concrete facts. Then these professors took us step by step to the current state of our laws. In some subjects evolutionary faults within a particular type of law were mentioned. I found it very helpful to be made aware of the many problems that currently exist in our legal system, how we have gotten to this point, what the original intent of a body of law was to the history of those laws and what the framers of our constitution had in mind in drafting it.
As a continental (Spanish) lawyer, I've always been very interested on trying to learn more about the Common Law system, especially about the American law, which, even though it's a very young legal system, in comparison with the European one, has influenced so much the way we work in Europe, especially when it comes to work with contracts, Considering the difficulty of summarizing such a broad subject, the teachers of the course succeed by going straight to the main points and on structuring the syllabus on a very appropriate way. Congratulations
For a foreign law student, this course is in essence what it´s supposed to be: a basic introduction to the pillars of the American legal system. The professors chosen give sufficient information on each of the topic sections for us to have a basic view of the distinct areas, and we are provided with additional readings to further enhance our knowledge. I would recommend this course for anyone that, like myself, has interests in learning a bit more about this particular topic.
Great introductory material given by six fantastic professors at the University of Pennsylvania. Good amount of information and delivered at the right pace to keep the flow interesting. Facts and examples used all kept the interest levels high. Easy to follow. And for the record, this is from an Engineer with only limited previous knowledge and dealings in contract law. This was taken in the journey to expand my commercial knowledge. Good job, thanks.
The present course was a unique opportunity to learn the basis of American Law for those who study this field. I find the material was excellent and easy to understand to a student who has english as her second language. Moreover, the professors couldn't be better qualified to the lectures. This course broad my horizons in a way that I could not only  compare Brazilian Law to American law, but understand the importance to study different Law Systems.
This is a great way to run a MOOC. Each module has an instructor specialized in that area of law. They all explain things clearly and with many examples. I was completely unfamiliar with the different types of law that are used in the civil and criminal court system before this case. Now I feel like I have a grasp on the basics and am looking forward to talking more law classes. Great class to take! Highly recommended
Doing this course was time well spent. I enjoyed each module and all the quizzes and even the final exam. All the educators were knowledgeable and great at explaining things. Amidst all this corona virus induced craziness your course was a retreat. I also hope I will understand American Law better now. Thank you very much for this opportunity to experience high quality teaching and access to great materials.
This was the best course I have ever taken. When you learn you don't feel tired at all because it is very entertaining and interactive. The professors are very clear whey they explain and having them explained with case laws is more comprehensive. The videos are very interesting, you can listen them whenever you want. It is just perfect. You really reach to get the first knowledge of American Law.
I very much enjoyed the course as a whole. Being a high school student myself I thought that it would be very difficult for me to complete. Nevertheless, by dedicating a couple of hours every day I managed to complete it successfully. The professors provided very interesting lectures and the course overall provided me with great knowledge and indeed a thorough introduction to American Law.
it is amazing course, and the contents of the course is fit for the its name, I learned allot through  this course, so I would like to thanks the team of coursera  and University of Pennsylvania, specially professors delivering this course,  thanks for all of you.   I will be one of the costumers of coursera, and courses delivered by Penn University.     your sincerely Abubakar Ahmed Ali
I learned that there are different laws and actions for different situations. I thought there was one law for everything. I found this very intriguing. The tort law though was the one I found the most interesting. The teacher was extremely engaging, everything in the content was interesting, valuable and informative. I wasn't confused a bit. The criminal law was very compulsive as well.
I am a first year law student. This course is great as an introduction, as its title advertises. My only complaint is that the introduction is so shallow. Each professor gave about one hour of lecture, split into shorter videos. Even doubling the amount of material to two hours per subject would be phenomenally helpful and not require a great, extra effort on the part of the profs.
Thank you for making this course available online. The fact that I am learning from such a prestigious college and amazing teachers makes me feel really happy. That you for coming online and making hundreds educated. It's my dream to study in America and study American Law. This is the first step to my dream ladder. So, thank you so much. You are making someone's dream come true.
I quite enjoyed everything about this course. Having mini-quizzes during each section of the lecture really helped refocus and emphasize the important points of each video, and the professors, with the exception of one, were interesting an did a great job at making the introductory lessons interesting. I would recommend this course to anyone thinking about going to law school.
With no knowledge in law, this course has provided me with an excellent foundation I needed to understand American law and to pursue a legal career path in the future. The course layout/delivery, testing system, adept professors and mentor all gave me a profound and an insightful online learning experience. Looking forward to more amazing learning experience with UPenn.
This course is a wonderful overview of the curriculum that first year law students study across the country. I highly recommend it to anybody interested in law school. The teachers are knowledgeable and easy to understand and they make great use of the online format on Coursera. UPenn also has a standalone course on Constitutional Law that you should check out.
Great opportunity for international undergraduates to start understading how is American Law diverse and singular in its institutions. It consists of an essential starting point for young students to provoke an invite them to learn about such an interest country's set of principles and rules guided by their tradition of common law and historic justifications.
I gained infinite pleasure from listening and relistening to the beautiful sound of legal English spoken by lawyers.
As I work with people from Great Britain and the USA, I gained some skill of using legal terms to explain more acurately differences between common law system, particularly in the USA, and the legal system of my country.
Thanks you very much!
As a latin american educated lawyer, this introductory course to American Law has given me the opportunity to understand and have a broad idea of the basics aspects of American Law and how the legal system is organized. I truly recommend this course to all the lawyers educated abroad, to get to know better the American Legal system and it's institutions.
This is a great course. I go everywhere now knowing that the law is the same for when I was also taking my real estate license it's just unfortunate that this certificate does not offer college credit as I believe it should but you can put it on the resume as I have because why not I paid for it to learn American Law. All in all, this is a great course.
This course really help me a lot in understanding the basic of America law , the professor make it really easy to understand with great example , i just wish he got more of it . Overall this course is excellent ,i really enjoy it and i would definitely recommended it to anyone who interested. Many thanks to the professor and his team working on this .
Loved this course, definitely great for beginners who don't have much of a background in law. Introduces concepts effectively and describes concepts and terminology exceptionally. The workload is very light and assessments are very short, but in depth and challenging (to some extent). I would definitely recommend to anyone with an interest in law.
The course has a very efficient structure. As we progress through each type of common law in each week, we can experience and make connections from example cases between various sections of American Law. Thus, instructors make it not only about remembering but understandings of fundamentals of American Laws that we can apply to our daily basis.
This is a very well planned and explanation to get people started in American Law. It is laid out so the user understands the content. I love how your are tested every so often during the video lectures to ensure you are paying attention and are understanding the content. The instructors did their job outstanding and instructed! A+ course!
This was a wonderful introduction to American law; nothing too in-depth, but a fantastic scraping of the surface, if you will, of various parts of U.S. law. The key terms were extremely helpful to have and a great preparation for the videos. I didn't get much out of the suggested readings personally, but I'm sure that others probably did.
I have really enjoyed this course. I it is very well explained and organized, the teachers are amazing, and it has been a wonderful experience, which will help me so much in my translating skills. I am so grateful for having this opportunity and I must emphasize, your teachers and the way the course is arranged is just perfect. Thanks!!
This course was really informative and has information which was more empowering to me. I am from South Africa and when I compare how does the Federal and State work law wise it is totally different! Having said that I got clarity on how the property law and tort law works. This course really helped in understanding the two.
This course contains a great introductory explanation of basic areas of American Law.  All of those latin terms you've heard over the years and haven't really understood...they are explained here.  With relatable stories and an easily understood presentation, this course will introduce you to American Law and its origins.
Fabulous course explaining basics of American law for someone with limited law experience. The lectures are well-made and each professor has a different expertise to share. I have taken law courses on Coursera from other institutions but I think Penn Law has been the most well-structured and balanced. I highly recommend!
This is a thorough introduction to the basics of American law. This course is constructed in a very easy-to-understand structure and it is taught by very articulate and knowledgable professors. I feel like I have a much better understanding of American law and its unique features after participating in this course.
Superb presentation of the different categories and fields of US common law , supported by outstanding case studies that made the materials come to life.. The course requires ardent participation and I would recommend note taking in support of learning. One of the  most well-structured courses I have taken to date.
I have always had an interest in American Law and this course helped to fulfill that fascination. It gives you a glimpse into six different areas of American Law and the understanding on how they each work.  Coursera is a great way to expand your mind and the capability to do it online makes it very convenient.
Great intro course!  Required at least 1-2 hours per week (easy to allocate in my schedule), the professors lectured organically (you could even tell when outtakes had occurred), and the information itself was easy to digest.  Thank you and I would absolutely take an American Law II coursera from U of Penn.
Very interesting and giving the basics you need to catch up with American laws if you already have a foreign degree. I have a French Master in International Business Law and I am seeking to pass the bar exam in the US, well now that I have those basics, I feel ready to look into programs and universities !
The course was a great, general introduction to a variety of legal areas.  I appreciated the video presentations and supporting materials as they made learning and engagement easy.  If you are interested in getting to know the law at a basic level (maybe before proceeding further), check this course out!
Excellent course. The subject matter and the general overview of US law are very interesting, particularly in comparison with Argentine law. I want to highlight the clarity and quality of the exposition of all the teachers, but I emphasize in particular Stephen Morse and Anita Allen. Thank you so much !
This course was an excellent introduction. I learned the basic structure, language, and key philosophical points of each of the main branches of law. I feel that I now have the ability to engage higher level learning material on my own with a more appropriately oriented understanding of American Law.
The Course is good for people like me who are not familiar with the unique features of American Law in the areas of contracts, civil procedure, Constitution, Torts, and Criminal law. The lecturers expounded principles, theories and important matters so well. Thank you for this opportunity.
O.M.G! This course was so hard especially 4 and 5 class module of the syllabus but mom the less I passed the exam. I am happy I did and I will continue to further my online success governing the student confederation of entrepreneur. Thank you to Penn State UNIVERSITY FOR THE OPPORTUNITY.
I enjoyed this course very much so the instruction was easy to follow and understand. The instructors were well spoken. In fact the only negative thing I noticed, which is of no true consequence, is that question 10 of the final exam is missing a "C" option. It goes from A-D sans any "C".
What an amazing experience this has been. The educators are the best, their teaching is clear, consice and their syllabus is quite extense and straight to the point. I would love to keep exploring more classes with this stellar group of professors and to learn about the subject itself.
This Course was an exceptional introduction to American Law, even for those with zero experience or knowledge of law. The Lecturers are very articulate and likeable. The speaking tempo facilitates taking notes. In my opinion, I have gained a lot of useful information from this Course.
I have not yet finished this course, but I love it. The context is well covered and the professors are visibly knowledgable in the subject. The professors enthusiasm for the topics presented make the lesson interesting and memorable. This course is very easy to understand and follow.
This is  great course taught by consummate professionals who really teach you how to think about law's influence on our society in ways I didn't consider. Each segment is well done and gives you the tools to think about how law really effects our lives in each area covered.thank you
This course really opened up my eyes to the American Law.  I was familiar with some of the terms but this course gave me a better understanding of those terms and others.  I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in just learning about American Law, like me.  Great Job!
I found the course wonderful! I learned a lot about American law. The teachers are fantastic. The content available in the student area is very complete, and video lessons are great for fixing content. I loved it! The team at the University of Pennsylvania is to be congratulated.
The introductions of the six factors are concise and to the point. I do formulated a general structure as well as the distinctive attributes of the American Law after studying. Thanks to every professor for the amazing and interesting teaching!A 11th Grader from Beijing, China
It is an excellent course for international students to understand the basics of American law. As an Argentinian translation student specialized in law I found this course extremely useful to pass some of my classes as it provides clear definitions and well organized concepts.
Although I am not a big fan of law, I think that as law goes America has one of the best systems out there. I felt that this course was well put together and covered a good range of law subjects. I was impressed with how much they covered in the small amount of time alotted.
An interesting look into the legal system, and how it works in general. It is, at times, a bit complicated, but understandable for an everyday person - and it seeks to explain the most important legalese. A good introduction to have a background of what the topic, law, is.
I loved the whole course! Here, I managed to learn a little about American law. The videos and examples cited were excellent for understanding the applicability of the rights to the reality of the facts. Thank you very much for everything Penn University and Coursera!
I really enjoyed this and the quality of the lectures were amazing. My son is an attorney and I just wanted to be able to converse with him about some of his cases and at least have some understanding.  If I was younger this course made me want to go to law school!
A great overview of American Law, the examples and lectures made concepts interesting and easy to understand. The supplemental reading and key terms were also helpful before watching lectures and taking assessments to gain more understanding of the subject.
I recommend in to everybody who wants to broaden knowledge and boost your CV. Enjoyed the time learning about the basic of American law, as currently I am also a student of law living in Europe. Thanks to the teachers and their friendly tone and ethusiasm.
I've learned a great deal about the basic tenants of the American legal system from taking this free course. I recommend this course to anyone who is considering attending law school or to the layman who just wants to gain a great outline of American law.
Really well structured.  Professors all provided good examples and cases so it is easier to understand the doctrines.  The reading materials are good to start, though some are theoretical and may be slightly different from the professor's introduction.
I have live in this country for more the 25 year and I had a lot problems understanding the law of United States, but this course has really open my mind in the laws that has and will affect my life while I live in this beautiful country. Thank you
I got exactly what I wanted - an introduction to American law. I am a politician not a law student and this was the kind of material I was looking for. The professors are concise except, perhaps, in the property law section. Overall a great course.
The best law course you can take. Wonderful lecturers, interesting topics, just the right amount of learning material. It has the best structure and pace. If you wan't to get to know the basics of American law then you've chosen the right course.
This class was a good class in that I desired to learn more about American Law and to be better informed about how the process works. Although I am not interested in pursuing further education in law, I thought the class was a good introduction.
This course gives you a solid grasp of legal fundamentals that are paramount to high school civics classes. This is a great course, and I have learned a lot by taking it. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in law!
This course gave a lot of basic things I should know about common law system and especially about American Law System. I am from country with codified legal system, and for me the course tought me a lot! Thank you lecturers of Penn Law School!
Complete, detailed, nuanced. You might leave it feeling like you know very little about the law, but it's because of the amount of nuance in the legal system. Any further reading I do will add to the framework that this course has established.
My favorite thing about this course is that it is very well organized into different sections with each one being taught by a different Law Professor. This helps me stay engaged and learn each component of the course in its own unique way.
This course really helped me get a basic understanding of the different sections in American Law. The in-class/ in-lecture mini-quizzes were also very helpful to make sure I stayed focused and was understanding the concepts along the way.
Really appreciate it for everything these dedicated professors had done, the whole journey with this fabulous course was a unforgettable experience for me, and thanks for coursera to privide such a great platform for worldwide learners.
This is a great insight into the American Law. The course is well built to cover every point of a constitution that is more than 200 years old. I thank Coursera and university of Pennsylvania for putting up this  magnificent course.
It's a set of excellent lessons, which is easy to understand for students whose secondary language is English. The course tell us the most distinctive features  about the American Legal System and how it developed. Highly recommend!
Excellent introduction to the American Law with very thorough presentations.  I would highly recommend it to foreign lawyers who wish to familiarize themselves with the legal terminology used in American  legal theory and practice.
Excellent introduction that is simple enough to understand and complex enough to challenge and be very interesting. The lecturers are great and the course gives a glimpse into American Law which is underlining most everyday life.
Such a great course! I learned so much and it was nice to have a different professor for each subject. The video lectures were incredibly clear and helpful and easy for beginners and the readings were great. Thank you so much!
I really enjoyed this course. It's perfect for someone who has the desire to learn the basic concepts of American law. The lectures are well formatted and easy to follow, but not dry and boring. I would recommend this course.
This course is giving me an amazing overview of American Law! The way it is being taught makes it easy to comprehend and the approach used by the teachers also helps to keep the interest. I highly recommend people to take it.
Extremally helpful course. I am graduated in Law in Brazil and am about to enroll in a Paralegal Certificate Program here in the U.S. This course helped me to refresh my legal knowledge and also prepare me for my next steps.
Great overview! Perfectly digestible content, organized well, and not dumbed-down. Since I don't have 3 years to spend going back to law school, I would love to see a full American Law curriculum and/or certificate program.
I am very satisfied of this course, the professors from Penn university are so smart and wise teachers, all the materials were clearly and logically structured and interesting as well. Thank you very much for creating this!
I loved the video lessons taught by professors at Penn University. In only a few minutes for each video, amazingly these teachers explained in a very understandable way each subject, and their topics were very interesting.
The course was concise as well as power-packed. It covers almost every field of law on which the foundations of American law is based. I enjoyed this course and gained a lot out of it. Thank You for providing this course.
This course gave me a general understanding of American Law, the mentors are outstanding, the giving of material was easy and understanding, this course gave me a lot of  interestinc cases, thank you for this opportunity!
Really enjoying this class, plenty of valuable material online, videos and optional reading material. The optional reading material thoroughly goes into details about the subject, and I really enjoy this class as a whole
A very solid foundation to US law.  Well explained and communicated.  This course is a useful starting point for people who need to interact with the law in their personal or professional lives but who are not lawyers.
It was an excellent course!  It was very informative and I had a great time being able to learn about American law.  I would recommend this course to anyone who is considering enrolling into law school in the future.
Being in the Military and away overseas, I was able to complete this course.I needed a boost to my knowledge on American law and this intro class was perfect. Totally worth it and it reflects on my LinkedIn Account.
great introductory course to American Law. As someone who has never studied the subject before, i found it challenging at times but at the same time if putting enough effort into studying it wasn't too overwhelming.
Having an LLM from the UK, I wanted a way to measure my understanding of American Law - I was surprised to find I knew more than I thought I did but the course was good for teaching me some things I was not sure of.
This course helped me learning a lot of basic concepts and theories of American law. All the teachers taught in a very clear, concise way so I could  grasp the content very easily. Want to learn more about law now !
Great opportunity to learn more about American Law and even about U.S. Constitution. I highly recommend this course for all future employees in law, law enforcement, diplomatic and other government related careers.
I love this course because it felt like if I was in class in front of the professors. They are all very knowledgeable and explained concepts in an easy way.The material of the course is excellent. I learned a lot.
Great introduction into what seems like a tremendously strange system of law to anyone raised outside of the USA. It manages to succinctly explain many unique features that can explain many "cultural" practices.
I'm 13 years old and I found this course, my first completed one, both easy to understand and entertaining to learn. Requires persistence, but at the end of the day, a great simple course to get started on law.
This is so far, an excellent overview of American Law. Easy for the lay person to understand and engaging. I enjoyed the first week covering Tort Law and look forward to exploring other aspects of American Law.
This course is VERY well put-together and informative. Some of the material failed to grasp my attention, but overall it seems like a good course to take for anyone who wants to learn more about American Law.
This was a great introduction to American Law. The videos were great quality and the lecture questions really prepare you for the quiz. The professors were great and made the information easy to understand.
Very good overview of American Law.  I'm not sure why but I passed all the quizzes but did the worst on the most interesting area Constitutional Law and the the best on the least interesting, Property Law.
This course is well-above what I expected. It is a very useful tool for people who, like me, work in the translation of legal text from English into other languages. There is no doubt I would recommend it.
To me this course has been amazing, and it helped me learn things I did not know before about American legal system. The lecturers and professors always had my attention and they were particularly amazing.
It was an excellent course that afforded me much more than I expected in terms of so brief an extension course. I would like to thank the professors for their brilliant methodology and clear explanations.
First time to use Coursera, but find it very informative and uesful.Do learn a lot about American law in general and like the course design very much.Definitely willing to learn more courses continuously.
It provides students with a broad spectre of introductory and basic knowledge in the field of American Law in rather short time. It would be great if they could expand their offer on this kind of courses.
This is one of the best courses in Coursera. I'm learning so much about American Law here. Thanks University of Peensylvania for the time and the opportunity to learn more about the American Legal System.
It was very interesting! I was worried that I wouldn't enjoy the course, but the professors manages to make it very interesting to learn about all the different kinds of law. Would definitely recommend!
A really valuable course, through which I discovered the charisma of law. Don't worry if you find some jargon, because there are always interesting examples followed to help you understand the concept.
Great course! Extremely valid to understanding a little about the American Justice System and have a comparative standard for our laws in Brazil. Thank you, Coursera and University of Pennsylvania! :)
I love the professors! Crim Law is my absolute favorite week (I love the Aristotle references, myself being a philosophy major going to law school). Civil procedure is a bit hard to follow for me.
Basic introduction to American Law, equivalent to the first week or so of what would be taught in law school for each subject.  Not comprehensive by any means, but it covers the basics very well.
This was such an amazing course to take, and of course, it being an honor from this prestigious university. It gave me a look into what law school will be. I can't wait to embark on that journey
The course provided a really good overview of American Law. It was really interesting and gave me a clear understanding and all the professors were really good. Would highly recommend to anyone.
A very good introductory  course on American Law.  As an Indian law student who follows English Common Law it was a good beginning.  Hope to continue with courses like this in the days to come.
I enjoyed taking An Introduction to American Law.  The videos and supplemental reading (definitions) helped me the most.  Overall, I am interested in taking specific law courses in the future.
This course was just spectacular! I learnt so much and I am so grateful for the amazing Professors the course offers. It really gives a full overview of  what the American Law system truly is.
An Introduction to American Law was a very thorough course! I enjoyed learning about the many different fields of law in America and how they apply to the present. Thanks for the great course!
Very well organized and supported by fantastic and easy reference course material. The lecturers were excellent especially in proposing practical scenarios in which to utilize the information.
Is a great course for someone who understand law and want to know the general differences between the latin American system and North American system. I enjoyed a lot. Was a great experience.
I loved this entire course! It was very interesting and hooked my brain to want to keep learning. I just wish it were more dynamic and not having it be just a Professor speaking to a camera.
A quite useful  and interesting course. It enabled me to quickly understand the fundamental of American law and gain more confidence in further exploring othere courses about laws in the US.
Really enjoyed this course as a person who had little to no knowledge of American law. Key terms were useful to read before listening and as general references. Big thanks to the professors.
The course is well organized, and the professors are very knowledgeable. I once took a similar course at a prestigious US institution, but the quality of this course is significantly higher.
Well-informed, beautifully designed intro-level course that is full of the fundamental knowledge of US legal system. Highly recommended for anyone interested in knowing the basics of US law
This course was very interesting! It helped open my eyes as to what the American Law was like. It also gave me some insight before I stepped into my first Law class this weekend. Thank you.
I loved participating and taking this course! I point out to everyone who really has an interest in delving into the subject of American law. I just want to know where I get my certificate.
very good course of law. I was very helpful to know the structure of the US legislation. another dance is that lectures are very simple to translate for those who do not live in the states.
This course provided a well-rounded introduction to the usual first year legal subjects.  I highly recommend it for those trying to decide if a legal career would be appropriate for them.
Very fun and non-extensive course! It was really engaging and I would definitely recommend for anyone trying to understand the law and to see if they would like to pursue a career in it!
Excellent introduction to American Law. If you practice in a civil law system, this course will give you a nice introduction and you will understand the very basics.  I recommend it.
I love this course.  It's easy to understand and it keeps you pulled in. I took so many notes and spent nights just learning about  law and how it came to be. So glad I took course.
An introduction to American Law is a very wide and complete course. I am currently studying law in Honduras, and this course gave me a broad spectrum of what American law really is.
I really learned a lot, the way the professors discussed the each topic in the videos were very interesting and it didn't feel boring. I'm very excited to take another Law course!
It really gave me a general idea of law system and the teachers are not only trying to teach you basic knowledges, but also trying to illustrate the spirit of American law system.
It was an awesome course with the basic things that the american law has in order to understand a little more about how the U.S law its different and even similar to my country.
Very happy and thankfull to learn a little bit more about American Law. It seems like a little bit, but in fact is a great and of best quality course for sure! Thank You #UPenn
I took so much away from this course. I have such a great baseline to begin studying law. Really impressed with the organization of the course and how much ground it covered.
Really interesting introduction to American law. I like that controversial issues are brought up to provoke thinking about the pros and cons of the American legal system.
Wonderful! Very easy to follow and comprehensible lectures. The complementary readings were very illustrative and help the viewer to better understand the video lectures.
Great lessons about the different areas in U.S. law.  Good starter course.  I have taken a course in English Common Law with the Univ. of London in 2013 on this website.
Great introduction to the American legal system, very well taught. I appreciate that it was taught by distinguished law professors that specialize in the given system.
Great introduction to Law, I really enjoyed this and I felt like I learned something important. The instructors were great too. 100 percent worth the time and effort!
Excellent course. I am a lawyer in Guatemala, but they did not teach me in the simple way that legal institutions have explained in this course. totally recommended.
Great course, pragmatic and well design. I mostly appreciate the quizzes during videos as they tested your attention and made sure you got the main idea correctly.
It was my pleasure to learn about the American law.All professors are very knowledgeable and very well know they topics.I really enjoyed all .Thank you very much!
A good introduction for very beginners, however, you get to learn more from the course if you have been previously exposed to other systems of law. Recommended.
All the videos were of good technical quality.  The length and technical quality of the videos was optimal.  All the lectures were enjoyable and well presented.
I loved the course. It is a very complete course, rich in details and teachings. I learned a lot of new things and I will definitely take it to life. Thankful.
Fantastic!!!  I am a Paralegal and I have a Bachelors degree in Criminal Justice.  This a great course and I would recommend to anyone!  Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great introductory course to American Law.  I enjoyed the course - both the content, the organization and the delivery by the various professors.  Many thanks.
thank you teachers . you guide me to great space and  educate me a lot subjects it will help me in my job as a security .Im advice every one to get this course
Really excellent introduction to American law. There were great readings that went along with the course too. Top notch professors and videos- I learned a lot.
This was a wonderful course to take during my 1L year in law school. It helps narrow down vocabulary words and important concepts of each doctrine. Thank you!
I am an aspiring law student and this course has given me an insightful, but simple overview of the law world. It will help me narrow my focus for law school.
I took this course to introduce myself to American Law as a prospective law student. I was not expecting this free course to be so extensive ! Great stuff !
A great course providing an overview of the foundational elements of the American Legal system.  I would highly recommend to anyone considering law school.
Great course, very interesting and well made and organized. Very clear explications and classes and passionate professors. I really advice it. Thank you.
This course is Phenomenal. It's a simple introduction to US Law that previews each subject in a clear and concise manner. I highly recommend this course.
Very engaging, challenges a broad set of skills, definitely the right place to start when learning about American Law or Law in general. 100% recommend.
the class was challenging  yet very interesting. the class materials were informative and the videos where explanatory. I highly recommend this course.
Learning the American Law sitting in the comfort of my home. Being a student of International Relations its something great for expanding my knowledge.
1. Very clear and helpful, easy to understand. 2. Have a better and further understanding of law principles. 3. Cases cited are vivid and interesting.
This course is very informative. I have learnt so many new things about American Law. I think the syllabus of this course is appropriate and updated.
Very interesting content, and easy to follow curriculum. I love the video questions and the quizzes are easy to understand. Definitely worth 5 stars!
It was very interesting and help me more understand American Law system. But I feel I need this course one more time for clean understanding, Thanks
Excellent Course. Useful for anyone who wants to learn basic principles/doctrines in the American Common Law. Good for foreign law students as well.
Although introductory, it gives enough background into the different areas of law and the distinctiveness of unique to America. Highly recommended!
Extremely informative introduction into various concentrations of law. Helped me become more confident on how to think and process these lessons.
this course tought me basic knoledge about American law. I appriciated to all instructors for the reason thar they are high qualified spealists.
I really enjoyed all of this course. It was reasonably easy to follow along with the lecturers. The quizzes helped reinforce what I had learned.
this class is very fun and informative. It is not too har nor too easy. I reccomend it to anyone who wants an introductory class in American Law
The professors were great at explaining and very engaging, I looked forward to watching the videos and took notes from the supplemental reading
I learned a lot from this course. The instructors were able to explain things in simple terms that were easy to understand. I appreciated that.
VERY GOOD CLEAR INTRODUCTION TO AMERICAN LAW.  PROVIDES MOTIVATION TO CONTINUE TO UNDERSTAND IN DETAIL THE DIFFERENCE BRANCHES OF AMERICAN LAW.
Thank you so much for this introduction, as a student of law, interested in in the American law, I find this course enjoyable and very helpful.
Absolutely loved these courses. It taught me so many new things about law and the quizes are phenomenal. I am thankful to have this knowledge.
An excellent introductory course to American Law and how it differs from other legal systems around the world, particularly Civil Law systems.
December 25, 2019I enjoyed the law course and learned a great deal of material in a short time period. Thank you Miss Tonya S Williams MSCC-T
This is a great introduction to American Law. As a foreign lawyer, I found it both entertaining and instructive. The lecturers are excellent.
Very well-spoken instructors.  I loved that I could go as fast or slow as I wanted in this course.  I would definitely recommend this course!
It is a very summarized course which efficently explains the key terms and subjects that are part ofamerican law, it is quite easy to follow.
Great course!  I am particularly interested in criminal law and thought Professor Stephen Morse did an outstanding job explaining the topic.
Good information to know, but, unfortunately, on the ground of English being not my first lang, I understood only about 70% of info provided
Very informative course: whether you intend to pursue a career in the legal field or would just like a better understanding of American law.
I took this course during quarantine, and it gave me an enriching academic experience. I learned a lot and thoroughly enjoyed the lectures.
Thanks to this course. I have some basic knowledge about American law and it also supports me a little bit for my job related to contract.
Great and very insightful introduction to the overview of the US legal system. 100% would recommend to anyone, regardless of career field
Good overview at a basic level to help the novice begin to understand the different types and the structure of the American legal system.
i really love the nature of how the course was structured.well paced and i had enough time to read more on the topics and less stressful.
Great course, I am a foreign lawyer and this course helped me to understand much better the law in America and also learn new law terms.
Thank you for this course! The course has a good structure. It was very pleasant and interesting to study American law with this course!
Absolutely amazing course that is designed so that anyone of any age will successfully learn the basics and essentials of American Law.
It is so interesting and I enjoyed studding this course , but I am asking the way I can get my certificate thank you all the teachers!
Very informative, very organized, easy to follow.  I will recommend that my friends and family take this course if they're interested.
This course introduce well what is American Law in first view. urge people to take this if you want to know What is American Law is?
Very insightful and resourceful for a common-law qualified lawyer like me who has no knowledge of the American law. Than you again.
Happy About My This Course Certification. & Thank Full Also for Another Further More Course Study Certification With Financial Aid.
The things you learn as you take these courses will enhance your life. You will amaze yourself when you start learning new things.
A great overview on US law- covered the important basics but also delved into interesting and relevant examples within each topic
As a Turkish lawyer I find these lessons highly beneficial for those who need a basic introduction to law terminology in English.
I learned so much from this course. Thanks to all who worked so hard to provide me with this outstanding educational experience.
A nice course for learning the basics of the american law system, great teachers and very good and comprehensible explanations.
The course could be a little more extensive, though it's a great start. Thanks for the oportunity guys, I really apreciated it!
I enjoyed being in this class I think the Instructors for sharing the information on American LawThank you all !Laura J Chihab
It is a fast paced course full of information. Instructors were very knowledgeable. I learned so much more than I anticipated.
I love that I can take the course on my phone and do not need to be at my laptop. The lessons are clear and easy to understand
It was an excellent and extremely rich course and I'm very happy to have taken it. If you are interested in law give it a go!
The course fit the purpose, offering a great content for those interested in the key elements of the American Justice system.
Interesting, challenging - professors were excellent. The course made me want to pursue more information in the area of law.
Great information and well presented. I enjoyed the pace of the program and found the subject matter to be very interesting.
Fantastic course.  Found it very interesting and would recommend to other students.  Would love to teach this course myself.
Thank you very much for this course. It was very helpful for me in my studies at university. You got professional lecturers.
Every instructor was captivating and this course provided a great understanding of the lawn that governs my life in the US.
Easy to undestand, practical, truly interesting and real. they gave me a lot a material to learn and the examples are good.
Fantastic course, and gave me exactly the level of insight I expected.  Really well put together and thoroughly enjoyable.
Such an interesting and fun course! I learned so much about all the different types of law and how they worked in the U.S.
An excellent overview of American Law in an a pleasant format and with constant engagement throughout the video tutorials.
Really like the examples in the course, help to provide a vivid understanding of how the law is applied in the real world.
This is a great course for international lawyers. but I recommend that this course should have adminstrative law chapter.
Perfect course for any starters in American Law, the content was simple to understand yet covered most basic information.
Really good introductory summary, really enjoyed it. There should be a more substantive course to go along with this one.
Short and sweet. Concise and good reference to dummies who want to have a cursory understanding of American legal system.
A very enjoyable and informative course on American law. It covers basic key concepts in an interesting and engaging way.
This course provides a broad and interesting first approach to the American Legal System. I would certainly recommend it.
The course has been very interesting, the lecturers succeeded in presenting complex concepts in a comprehensible fashion.
The course is very useful for my legal knowledge about American Law and for increase my English language skill. Thanks.
This course is brilliantly presented, featuring great overviews and insights.  Fits the 'introductory' bill perfectly.
I thought this course gave me a good grasp and understanding of how different types of law affect our everyday lives.
The course content was excellent. In addition, the Professors are well-versed in their areas of expertise. Thank you.
Great course to have a grasp of some key American legal concepts as manifested in a handful of important legal areas.
An efficient and enjoyable way to learn new material. I took it for fun and learned a lot through engaging lectures.
Excellent Course to get the feel of US Law, which will help you understand certain actions taken by people at large.
Excellent course and very good tests.  I didn't feel like the class was a marketing piece for the University at all.
I´m a Lawyer in my country and the course provided me with a wide view of the differential concepts of American Law
Incredibly informative and includes plenty of real-world examples of how these principles of American Law are used.
It was a very efficient course, gave a great background for various subjects of law and was quite easy to complete.
A refreshing and stimulating introductory glimpse into the legal system of the world's oldest continuous democracy!
Very easy to follow and organized. Also a plus to have different instructors teaching their individual specialties.
All professors were wonderful but Anita Allen was especially wonderful. I learned so much. This course is amazing!
I enjoyed taking this very informative and enlightening course of study and would recommend this course to others.
This course is really informative with videos and reading materials. Thanks for everyone who prepare this course.
Enjoyed the thorough overview of American Law.  Now motivated to learn more about various US legal institutions.
Well tought and organized, loved the easy articulation of all explanations.  Cannot wait to take another course!
AN ESSENTIAL COMPONENT TO STUDY, REVIEW AND COMPARE THE LEGISLATIVE SYSTEM OF AN ADVANCED POST-INDUSTRY COUNTRY.
Gives you a clear but insightful notion of what American Law is, and how it is different to other legal systems.
awesome course for introductory to American law, I would recommend this course to any one interest in American l
Very good course in introducing law aspiring students to the realm of the criminal justice. Highly recommended.
I loved all the presentations. They were very informative, and I would love to have more courses of this kind.
It's was a brief introduction on the types of American law. I enjoyed the course, and think it was well made.
This course taught me a lot about the American law system and I really recommend it for Law school students.
Loved this class, gives an overview of the American Law and it can be very useful even in the everyday life.
Extremely well organized, and the teachers are all clear, using simplistic examples to get the point across.
This is an excellent course that gave me a general overview of the American Law. I'm very satisfied with it.
a variety of faculty members present on their areas, and the results are quite consistently clear and cogent
very interesting and succinct course, learned a lot from it, great lecturers, videos, and course materials!
This course was a great way to previous the first year of law school. I learned a lot from every professor.
As a law student in Ireland, I found this course on American Lw to be very interesting and very insightful.
It was a great learning experience! Thank you very much to all the professors who helped make it possible.
An amazing course that I think everyone should take! You will learn information that is important to know!
Very informative, easy to follow the professor's explanation of the law concepts, procedures, rules , etc.
The lectures were excellent and the reading materials exhaustive. This is an excellent class.  Thank you!
Excellent course, very comprehensive, taught in a very interesting and informative way. Highly recommend.
A very helpful overview with a lot of background - the wright mixture of overview and "food for thought".
Loved this course from the beginning. I would recommend it to anybody interested in the US legal system.
An excellent introductory course to better understand the foundations and specificities of American Law.
A very useful introduction to American Law, that was delivered in a professional and appropriate manner.
it was a really insiightful and educative lecture. the lecturers explained their various sections well.
Lucid lectures by all the instructors and are easy to grasp by beginners to whom the course is intended
The lessons were engaging and easy to follow! I learned a lot; so glad I decided to take this course!
I Liked it! It was exciting and filled with great concepts and really drove me to want to learn more!
This course introduced American legal system with its history and key cases in a very compact series.
i've learned so much and I am so happy to be able to finished this with a very good gread. thank you
Excellent intro course, I learned a great deal being a complete novice. The video lectures are good.
It's a great opportunity to be introduced to the American Law system. The professors were all great!
This is a very challenging introductory course!  You will gain basic understanding of American law.
A course for lawyers, students of Law, and anyone interested to learn how Justice works in America.
Super helpful and I learned a lot. I feel more confident in my understanding of my rights and law.
I found the course very interesting and each of the professors explained the material really well.
very enlightening and informative. give a very clear introductory speech to the key American laws.
The best way to get acquainted with American Law and find spheres of interest for future education
It's really really interesting for someone who doesn't know a lot about law and even just for fun.
The course absolutely justifies its name and give a common understanding about features of US law.
Very nice overview.  Instructors were clear and concise.  Heck even a doctor could understand it!
I just finished week 1's content and wow, I've already learned a wealth of important information.
While only an introduction , it has captured the most essential features of all branches of law.
This is an amazing course, it helped me developed new skills and knowledge regarding this field!
Great! Direct, objective, didactic course! Everything I needed to start my studies in this area.
Very intriguing and well taught. The material is presented in logical form and easy to digest.
I liked learning about the different types of law. It was an interesting course.Elizabeth Hien
Fantastic introduction. Legal scholars of many different areas teach with ease and conviction.
As a student of  Law in a civil law system I found this course very educative. Totally worthy.
A very interesting course that uses case studies to learn the basic knowledge of American Law.
Very easy to follow and even a high school student like me can grasp the concept taught well!
Wonderful course. Very useful. Concepts explained brilliantly by the instructors. Thank you!
This course provides an excellent, accessible overview of the fundamentals of American law.
It is a useful overview of what American law is and how it works. Has a practical approach.
The first course here at Coursera, Had a great time, teachers were great. Awesome overall.
The professors' lectures are very helpful to guide me through the maze of US legal system.
Really enjoyed the different aspects of American Law. Very well explained and interesting!
Great introduction to American Law even if you're not a law student or to-be law student!
Awesome course! Would definitely recommend to anyone interested in learning American law!
Really easy to understand. I would have preferred if there were more practical exercices.
This is definitely an excellent pre-law course. It gives a wide overwiew to American law
I REALLY ENJOYED ALL THE PROFESSOR, I LEARNED A LOT AND I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT CLASS
I love all the professors. Their lecture are both compact and profound. Very inspiring.
very good courses introducting American law, especially for non-law backgroud learners
Extremely informative in a broad sense. Lots of useful information. Really loved it!
It is beautifully presented and assertive.Thanks a lot to professors and organizers.
Brilliant! course covers important nuances for US law system and practical questions
Fundamental, inspiring, and intriguing courses equipped with experienced professors.
I thought I knew a lot.  But this helped me put it all into perspective.  Thank you!
Very interesting course! Will definitely study the additional law courses with them.
An excellent concise introduction to the core topics of any 1st year Law curriculum.
Loved  the course! The professors were notably excellent and easily understandable.
Great instructors. Thoughtful and concise instruction. Very accessible. I loved it!
A must for all who have to establish contractual or commercial relations in the US.
It was an interesting subject. The professors provided good cases for each lesson..
I loved this course. I learned a lot and it makes me want to take more law classes!
Excellent course for people, who would like to understand basic spheres  of US law.
It´s a course useful to understand how the american law is structured and framed.
Great course! It was very interesting and the lessons were clear and structured.
Really good, wish there were more profound and longer courses on these subjects.
It was a really good introduction to american common law. I highly recomend it!
I thoroughly enjoyed the course and instructors. i would recommend this course.
Great course its extremely informative and interesting cant wait for next part
Very easy and fast assignments if you already have a background in this field.
Thank you very much for this fun and beautiful course which I benefited from.
Great course!!! Thank you very much for so interesting and helpful materials!
Excellent for individuals looking for a basic understandingi of American law.
Good overview of themes in each are of American Law addressed in this course.
A very complete introduction to the US legal system. I enjoyed it very much.
The best course ever. I love Penn University, thanks to all the professors.
Amazing course! I thoroughly enjoyed the course and the subjects discussed.
It's very interesting & easy to understand.  Many thanks for your course!!!
Great course offering abundance of very interesting and useful information.
Great class. Gives a good overview of the different areas of American Law.
This was a great course. I learned a lot about the basics of American Law.
Loved the class!  Videos were excellent and I enjoyed the diverse experts.
Thought provoking material geared towards understanding on a basic level.
Thanks a lot! Wonderful, clear, interesting and well-structured lectures!
Greta fundamental class of review and study for those interested in Law.
Great course, knowledgeable professors, easy access to quality learning.
Good course with good lecturers, I indeed learnt basics in American law.
Love the course. God for beginners. Is there something with more detail?
This course was great for my preparation to enter law school this fall!
Just what you will need regarding American Law is there in this course.
It was very interesting and i learned much more than i thought i would.
This course provided a broad yet simple understanding on American Law.
I really enjoyed an learned a lot of Things about law ... thanks a lot
It has all the basis you may need to start your studies in this field.
Good descriptions, videos, and presentation ! World class perspective
A great introduction to the various types of law practiced in the US.
Perfect! Please do a course of criminal law please, ando compliance!
Very interesting course - easy to follow and yet, thought-provoking
A fantastic course that help me understand the essence of U.S. Law.
Good course to gain a better understanding of the various law areas
Thank you for all of the knowledge and expertise from this course!
Loved the course was so informational definitely worth the time!
Completely didactic course, addressing the most important points
Wonderful course, Looking forward to completing my next session.
Very complete and useful on the general workings of American Law
This class was very informational and easy for me to understand.
Wonderful introduction course. Wonderful teachers. Thanks a lot
Now I feel the power to sue every person I really hate. Thanks!
Excellent material, very informative and never dull. Inspiring!
It is an excellent review to understand the American law system
I loved this course! It's easy to follow and clearly structured
Pretty entertaining and informative. Thank you Penn University.
You can get the basic structure of American Law in this course
the course really changed my view on Law and I really Liked it
It's a excellent course, based on the essential law concepts.
So informative.  This course is great foundational learning.
Very simple but very useful as an introduction. Recommended
I have an associate degree in social sciences, it's amazing
Very good professors, extremely dictatic and easy to learn!
Really enjoyed this course. The lectures were brilliant!!!
I wish if I could get some sort of certification as well.
Professors Stephen Morse and Anita Allen are just UNIQUE.
A great concise and comprehensive look into American law.
Great content and learned a lot about basic American Law!
Very interesting overview of the American Legal System!.
I am very satisfied with the course content. THANK YOU !
This couse is very interesing an helpful. Thanks so much
I really enjoyed this class, I got to learn new things.
I love the way that this whole program was constructed.
Very good information and very interesting. It was fun.
Very nice course, plain and well prepared for students.
Awesome!! It is absolutely worth your time to learn it.
Thank you so much to all teachers.I really  appeciate.
Very interesting course with great teachers! thank you
Very interesting and informative, very well explained.
Very good overview of basic principles of American Law
Excellent "first layer" of understanding American Law!
A useful tool to understand the basis of american law.
I enjoyed  taking the class.  It was very informative
Very informative introduction course to American law.
great course. broke down things to easily understand
Great course that gives basics to United States Law.
Thank you very much for interesting and good course.
this was a great course and its teachers were awsome
Good course. Interesting subject. Great combination.
very interesting course with excellent instructors.
Very good primer on all things American Law. As a C
great course  to understand basic of American Law !
Excellent! Very informative but easy to understand.
Great lessons! I learnt a lot in simplified terms.
A great course. A lot of foundational information.
Great course, informative overview of American Law
Amazing Professors! Thank you all for this course!
It is very short but informative course! I love it
one of the best courses to understand american law
super coollearnt a lot though havn't finished yet~
Comprehensive and insightful. Highly recommended!
Clear and concise. Great intro into American Law.
Excellent course to get a notion of American Law.
I loved this course. The professors are amazing!
It is very helpful for development in law sector
I LEARNED A LOT AND I APPRECIATE THE INSTRUCTORS
A very basic and useful overview of American Law
Great course! It went way above my expectations!
it is a great course for international students.
Great course, I've learned so much information!
basic and overreaching, concepts good explained
i really like the concept and how they teach it
This really taught me a lot about American Law.
The videos and readings were very informative.
Learned a lot.  Very interesting and informal.
I LIKE TO STUDY LAW AND MORE EARN JOB CARRIERS
The course was very informative, Thanks a lot.
great class very informative and educational!
It was so interesting and informative course.
The materials are so organized, so I love it!
This should be taught in the public schools.
Very instructive course with great teachers.
A great start to understanding American Law.
Excellent material, very clear presentation.
Great I love the lessons time and questions.
This class was very informative. Thank you!
Clear, concise, interesting and applicable.
Interesting introduction into American law
A very informative and interesting course.
This was a fantastic introductory course!!
An interesting approach to US Legal System
An excellent introduction to American Law!
Well explained and very intersting course!
Very informative and well-organised course
Great instructors and a wonderful course!
Very informative and easy to comprehend.
Thank you very much.Excelent course. ☺️
Great videos and guidance and examples.
Excelent lectures!!! Thank you so much.
A great introduction into American Law
What a great course! Highly recommend!
Thanks a lot for this fruitful course!
Am to analysis thing that is difficult
Amazingly eye opening and well taught.
Excellent course. Thank you very much.
a great intro for foreign law student
an eye opener. I enjoyed it very much
Very interesting and clear. Thank you
is an excelent class the american law
Very Informative, Highly recommended.
Great overview class with the basics
Amazing. Loved Professor Anita Allen
it has expanded my knowledge fields
Very good and interesting lectures!
Amazing class with great teachers.
ery interesting and well explained
The course was very informational
Really helpful and great support.
love law! great course thank you
Outstanding Introductory course.
It is really good and convenient
Good overview of American Law.
Great overview of American law
Great experience and knowledge
best introduction of law class
Great intro course, thank you!
A good course, I learnt a lot
Useful and developing course!
It was a worthwhile endeavor!
Awesome....very support to me
Great course!!! More, please!
Good intro class for outsider
Great review for law school.
A Great introductory course.
Amazing teaching strategies!
Great course and professors.
Very interesting! Thank you!
great  course and professors
Excellent. Thank very much!
THIS IS A VERY GOOD COURSE
Very good and interesting
Enriching and accessible.
Enjoyed the lectures!!!
Had fun, learned a lot!
Really useful course!
Wonderful Professor
Really learnt a lot
Terrific course!!!
Wonderful class!!
I learned so much
Nice and concise.
Thanks so much.
it was so fun.
Great classes!
Very clear.
