The most frustrating learning experience I have ever had. I should not have to google for 70% of what should be taught in the lessons. Quizzes and exercises use material not covered in the lectures.
Disappointing, frustrating course. The professors are likeable and engaging and the videos are well done, but I found this to be an unpleasant learning experience for the following reasons: 1. The videos are very brief and rush through details without enough background explanation or elaboration. 2. The quizzes test you on things that were mentioned in one sentence or less in the video, and seem designed just to trip you up rather than help you learn by quizzing you on the main points in the lecture. 3. The peer review projects don't always correspond to the lecture. All of a sudden you are doing an assembly language project, for example, with no prior instruction. And unlike peer-review projects in other online courses, the rubric and grading instructions are very picky: You need to not just demonstrate that you understand the concepts, you need to do the project perfectly, in the way a computer scientist professor with years of experience would. There are too many of these projects, too. 4. The Python module/week tries to cover in one week the material that beginning Python courses would cover over many weeks or months, and it is all done from the vantage point of an experienced, advance programmer. (If you want to learn Python, start with Dr. Chuck!)I suspect that the fundamental problem with this course is "the Curse of Knowledge." The creators of the course have been doing this for so long, at such a high level, that they truly don't understand the perspective of a beginner. The concepts are so basic, so obvious to them. The math so self-explanatory. So the material is delivered in a rush, with the assumption that it will be equally obvious and clear to everyone.
I had a HORRIBLE experience. This course was suggested by my school as pre-study material. I did learn some information, which matters the most. I ended up finding an online tutoring service which was teaching me in week 4...which cost $100. I probably wouldn't have had to get the tutor if the discussion threads were even a little bit useful. Honestly that was the most frustrating part. The staff has 48 hours to respond .... if they even do (I had my last post deleted by the staff). I believe I posted 3 times in the threads for assistance, The responses I did receive were not the least bit helpful. Next complaint, the homework said it should take 20 minutes to complete. Nothing ever took me 20 minutes to complete, more like 5-6+ hours minimum. Then peer reviewed assignments. How am I grading someones assignment when I barely understood what I was doing myself.
Although I do appreciate the high quality of the videos, pdf documents, and resources in the course, I have to rate the course 1 star. First and foremost, the first week was doable for me personally, as an absolute beginner in computer science. However, the course quickly ramps up its intensity.I found that a lot of the exercises and assignments were way beyond the level of the information taught and discussed in the video lectures.I understand that as future developers and computer scientists, we are to try to look things up and understand things on our own, but I cannot help but feel that the gap between the lectures and the actual assignments is way too wide for an absolute beginner.I think that if this course was targeted for an intermediate learner, it would deserve four to five stars, most definitely. However, for an absolute beginner, it's a bit too much to handle the assignments.Also, the instructions for the assignments are very long and drawn out. It's hard to begin working on an assignment when it's asking so many things of you all at once. Many of these assignments, I feel, could have been split up into mini-assignments instead. It was too overwhelming and often times I had to figure out where to find the information that I needed in order to proceed.I was excited to get to the part which actually runs through python coding, however, I too found this part to be too overwhelming and difficult. The course goes from 0-100 real quick, and in my opinion, is much more suitable and doable for intermediate learners of the subject, not for beginners.
please go with more technical and logical thinking.
very messy although basic. It seems the course was rearranged in the middle so the quizzes don't always add up. Otherwise, either they assume you already know  it all or they try to make you think it is complicated. Some very "sophisticated" trick questions suggest the later.The instructors just quote the material in a very friendly voice. They lach intonation or emphasize. It was really easy to loose attention.Further more, the examples they gave were not always easy to follow. For me, it was easier to follow the computer programs than to understand the human description.... and they rely on peer review excessively. Every student should prepare himself being a part time Teaching assistant. Since you need to review one assignment but your assignment needs to be graded by 2, it don't add up and you end up begging in the forum to be reviewed if you want to get the certification
The last week of coding projects were well above what was taught in the course. The other weeks answers to the quizzes and projects could be understood through watching videos provided. The coding projects required more research outside of the class and I also needed two different tutors. I would not recommend this course or any other course through university of Penn solely based on this experience. I did reach out to a TA and received a response within 12 hours.
Very difficult, especially the last module. I'm sorry but I don't agree with the expectations provided by the presentation of the course. It is difficult to get support and you feel easily lost. I don't recommend taking this course unless people are very proficient in computer science and / or Python. Thank you.
Can't unenroll from course. And beware: indoctrination starts with the very first video.
This course is disappointing. It does not provide useful information in the first 3 weeks, and rush to python introduction in the lask week without enough excise and clarification.
Terrible. Too many bugs in the autograder. Need more specific guidelines for submission in section 4.8
Boring, not application based. How this help me on the job?
Everyone will not be able to complete this since it does not offer additional resources that are relevant to the assignments.  I tried and will not finish as it has become to time-consuming. I am learning however, there are not examples or help for you if you do not understand the instructions.
Impossible to get any feedback.  Very hard to follow what the requirements are at the end.
This was definitely a very frustrating course. Most, if not all,  assignments were not built on the video lectures. The phrasing of questions and  instructions were confusing at times. I think the most frustrating thing of all was the time it took me to google all the "knowledge" that were necessary to complete the assignments, because they were not taught in the course at all. This was an introductory course to see if I would like the Master's degree that they are offering, but after this course, I don't think I would enjoy it. I think it is a good course, but there is definitely room for improvement.
There are giant leaps in logic for the assignments using python. It was not friendly for someone with no python experience.
week 4 is impossible to complete with the knowledge they provide.The first three weeks were nice
Not very rigorous course. However, it is OK for an introductory course for non CS students.
The first 3 weeks of the course were great.   It really helped change my way of thinking to solve large complex problems.   I can use this in my role as a Business Analyst.The lecturers presented the materials in a clear manner, with real life examples to help the understanding.   Then, came the python coding.   The first few modules of the Python section were fine.   Then came section 4.7  It was a lot more difficult than the others, and I found that the helpdesk was slow to respond.   It took longer than it should have to complete that section, but I pressed on.Then, there was the final test.  Section 4.8.  There were some concepts in this exam that were not included in the lecture material.  The online help was non-existent.  It took DAYS to get a response from the TA in the discussion group.  Even then, the response was not particularly helpful.    We were then told to send a problem flag to review the code (since we were not allowed to share the code in the discussion group.)   I submitted a problem ticket a week ago, and still have not received a response.  Keep in mind that I'm not a developer.  I found help in other places, and was finally able to complete the assignment.    It's a shame that the problems with the last section of the course seemed to take away from what was otherwise an excellent course.
The course is generally good. However, the assignment content and the lecture are not really getting along, especially the Python part. I suggest more "bridging" materials.
Overall, great. However, I think the programming assignments were too hard to just do right off of the lectures. Needed extra research.
Great course. Good mixture of video lectures, quizzes, and peer graded assignments. Four stars because in some of the assignments it was unclear as to what was being asked or required until you saw the rubric for the first time. I think some items that were asked for in the rubrics were not obvious/inferable from the prompts.
Enjoyed the learning and the structure of the course. Felt like I got a good introduction to Python. Learned a bunch about algorithms. I marked a star off because the online grading sometimes was vague. Additionally, it took a while to get feedback. I had a bit of programming experience, so I didn't have a huge challenge, but I can imagine if you are totally new, the assignments are really hard. It would be difficult to get the help and feedback that you need on their online forum system.
the auto-grader for programming assignments can be a bit unforgiving at times, but the course is challenging and thorough for a month-long course. Would recommend. To improve experience with the auto grader some more hints in the assignment page could help, for example offering some explanation of the return function before, rather than after, a quiz that required its use.
The course is great. I learned a lot. The support for the course is SUPER slow. It's hard to get any direct help for any questions or issues that you are having. Beware of assignment 4.7!
Great! I learned the value of planning before coding. However, I would like this course to be more challenging.
could benefit from more active assistance with assignments, especially section 4
The content is good. But it's hard to get feedback from TA.
The  first 3 weeks were good content and testing, though i would request more questionnaires to test all concepts introduced. though i believe the content visuals & explanations could be improved, but that generally applies to most things we do anyway. Improvisation is a continuous process.There is something humourous about the 4th week. The content and exercises appear to have been squished in with the same amount of haste like that of a student wanting to just finish the course( I was one of the students myself , so there!). The forum response rate went down as well (understandably!). In my humble opinion, the 4th week needed to be a bit more elaborate by at least 1 more week. More exercises with smoother notching up of complexity of exercises, testing out all possible concepts so that they get embedded deeper into the students' thought process irrespective of whether they take up computing later or not.Thank you big time, Professors! :)
Overall I thought this course was very well done. It was at a basic level, so much so that you didn't need a background in computational thinking or mathematics to take the course. This was very nice! The explanations were very helpful and the videos were well done. The instructors were overall quite engaging and the concepts were well-motivated.I think the capstone problem (the Corpus example) could be modified to make it more engaging and interesting. I think a different problem would be more suitable, as the description of the problem was somewhat difficult to digest. Some of the compiling and checking of the solutions was a little challenging at times. Sometimes you had the correct answer, but needed to alter the solution somewhat to fit the criteria of the test. This was not necessarily a bad thing, but it was frustrating in Module 4. Overall nicely done! Reece
Very interesting course for beginners. In my professional environment, I am rarely exposed to this type of problem solving through coding (I am a CPA), yet, this course took me from zero to having a better understanding about how to "think" like a computer. One recommendation I would make is to somehow show students, onscreen, for each example on the PowerPoints, how each line of code is interpreted by the computer. The latter would clearly show things like why indentation is so important or how the computer understands a loop. Lastly, although I received multiple emails from the available support, it comes a point where you need somewhat of a live chat. Again, I highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to wet his/her appetite for programming. Thank you for all the support and patience.
Really well put together course, clear audio and beneficial visuals. The earlier phases of the course didn't provide clear guidance on what was looked for in grading, so it took a while to get adjusted. Sometimes explanations on why something was done in a video were skipped over, leading to a need to read the forums to get clarity. Learned a lot, and enjoyed the exercises!
A well thought out, progressive walk into python programming and the paradigm of computational thinking.  There were a few exercises that left a few details slightly fuzzy, and some instructions that were not 100% clear, but not impossible to work through.  Presenters spoke clearly and slowly, and were helpful in understanding topics.
Overall the course is interesting and informative to beginner. And this way of thinking is truly practical and helpful in the real life. But the last part of the course including the coding part is not truly adequate for the beginner, making the beginner has to go extra miles to be able to do it but I wondered its necessity.
I really enjoy the online session.  It gives a preview of what MCIT would look like.  Having said that, I would suggest to extend the week 4 session to two-week long and explain Python in greater detail.  Since most students are new to coding, people are struggling including myself.
Great course! I learned a little bit about python before, so this program really broad my eye about algorithms. The 4th week is somehow challenging especially for 4.7. but after complete it. I enhanced my knowledge about some key point in Python programming like class and object.
Enjoyed the course very much. Only had issues submitting Assignments 4.7 and 4.8 to the Autograder. Running the code in the window would provide a correct answer but it wouldn't be accepted once submitted. Otherwise, I highly recommend this course.
Great course and content. The responsiveness to questions and issues in the forum was not the best and could be improved. Overall the course was well structured, engaging, and insightful. Feel great to start coding in Python.
Useful course taught at an adequate rate. I recommend it for people who are interested in learning the basics of computational thinking, i.e. a systematic approach to problem-solving.
The autograder can be somewhat of a pain and some of the solutions in the peer-review sections aren't the most efficient. Otherwise it helped teach the building blocks of coding.
Prior basic python knowledge will help with this course. Instructors were great. However the last week and its assignments need to tie in better with the overall course.
Very useful course with interesting and relatable examples. Both instructors speak in an easy manner and take proper time to explain the concepts.
Very nice course of people who have no experience with computer and programming.The only thing I can complain is the peer-graded assignment.
Really great course. I found the wording of a couple homework problems to be confusing, but overall really enjoyed the course
It was very joyful throughout the course and i learned a lot but there is a problem, the voice is so low.
The last 2 assignments had some issues in the results. Those need to be fixed to save us some time.
The course is very well designed and taught, however the peer review system is a real pain.
4.7 - an excellent class although be prepared for some challenging problems sets!
Great introduction to computational thinking and coding.
The auto-grade assignment in Week 4 should be improved.
The last assignment had a few bugs
The practice task is not enough.
Very educational. Thank you
great way to start with
I thought this course was excellent except for a few small things. I've done a handful of online "learn to code" courses and this was by far the best one to help understand the foundations and actually what you are doing when you code. The videos were really helpful as well as the assignments which I thought were a good balance of challenging but not too challenging. There were two specific things I didn't like as much, particularly the quizzes at the end of each lecture and the format of the delivery of the assignments. I thought that the quizzes were so short that they didn't deliver a ton of value. With respect to the assignments, I thought that the assignments themselves were excellent but the long multi-page PDFs for each coding assignment were overwhelming and often had details buried within them that were really important. I'd recommend a short bulleted summary of requirements up at the top or something to make it clearer. Other than that, I thought this was an excellent course!
This course surprised me. As a programmer by trade these are my thoughts...Week 1 (Problem Solving) - Good for beginners (and scatter brained intermediates).Week 2 (Algorithms) - This was interesting and professionally useful. Algorithms include: Linear, binary, greedy, and brute force.Week 3 (Computer Architecture) - Basic outline of how the cpu deals with information and a brief history of computing. Overall not professionally useful, but interesting.Week 4 (Python Programming) - Brief intro to python and applying what you have learned by writing python scripts. This was the easiest module for me (and probably for anyone with coding experience).
Really great course. The professors do an amazing job teaching the fundamentals that can be transferred across all of computer science. Instead of learning one programming language, they instead teach you how to think like a computer scientist, which is far more valuable because it will enable you to "connect the dots" from one language to the next.
Thank you, Susan and Chris, for making this course! I took this course for free so I didn't have access to things like quiz grades or have the ability to submit assignments. I still did the quizzes and I made sure the code worked on the assignments so I think you don't need to pay for this course if you just want to learn. I appreciate that the instructors progressed from easy to gradually harder material until I was making complex algorithms (well, complex compared to what we started with). This course gave me an appreciation for computational thinking and I'm entirely convinced that this will be an important skill that everyone should have for humans to progress. I already have ideas to use computational thinking to improve my job as a kitchen cleaner for myself and others who take this job after I'm done with it. I plan to learn more about coding so that I can solve more problems. Thanks again for making this course available online for free.
I loved this course on computational thinking. Unlike other courses which focused only on a specific programming language (such as Python), this course gave me a deep dive into computational thinking,  a foundation learning, behind any types of programming. Not having a computer science background, but having done some Python experience, I lacked the basic concepts of computational thinking. This course provided just that! It covered pillars of computational thinking, simple algorithms, flowcharts, pseudocode, memory usage in CPU as it relates to programming concepts, and introduction to Python. The course includes several quizzes, but most importantly, great assignments that helped me solidify my understanding of the course material. A highly recommend this course even if you have not worked with any programming languages before! P.S. If you have never worked with Python before, I would recommend keeping aside some extra time during Week 4.
Thank you very much for introducing me to the world of Computer Science! Having nothing to do with Computer Science before, I took this course as it sounded very interesting and I thought it may be something I can take interest in. I am looking for a career change and the worst thing for me was not to completely understand what kind of job I would enjoy doing other than teaching, or real estate. I am happy my research led me to this amazing course that introduces people just like me to some basic ideas of Computer Science. My goal is to enroll into the MCIT ONLINE program, this program sounds very interesting to me especially after taking this course. Thank you very much for coming up with the idea of creating Computational Thinking course and the degree for people with non-Computer Science background!
I highly recommend taking this course, whether you are aspiring to be a developer,  looking for a better way to solve problems at your job or school, or are interested in computational thinking. I apply concepts from this course - drawing flow charts and writing pseudocode - at my job as a Salesforce Admin and noticed that I can solve harder problems quicker. The only thing that did not work out for me a couple of times was that assignments are peer-graded. As a result, I failed two assignments on a first try when I was positive that my solutions were correct. If that happens to you, just make sure that you resubmit the assignment and eventually one of the peers who understand your solution will be able to grade it correctly. Many thanks to the instructors and the team who put this class together!
I really enjoyed the course; however, I feel the last module (week 4 / phyton) does not have enough explanations and examples in order to properly complete the assignments. I had to research on my own and complete phyton trainings at other sites in order to successfully complete the projects. Thanks for the course and I look forward to applying to MCIT.
Great course! The python in week 4 can be incredibly challenging to those who have no prior experince in coding. There are times that it felt like the course didn't properly cover certain functions or code that would have made the assignments much easier. However, the overall instruction and semi-gentile emersion into computer science are excellent.
Finally Professors that know how to teach over video. Easy to digest examples, study cases with cc explaining how the voice over relates to the theory. It seems the University of Penn has entered the online course market to make a difference.
Excellent course for beginners with enough depth, programming and computational theory to increase their computer science knowledge to a higher level. It builds a good foundation of how computers work
A really well-taught course by astute professors. Its assignments are to the point and not much abstract with good amount of challenging questions especially the last module of the course
Very well thought out. This course covers simple concepts while still being engaging and challenging. Examples from varying disciplines help illustrate concepts in a real-life context.
Course content is good, graded assignments are good, I just had problems with my assignments in week 4 as I easily became confused with the implementation of all the lessons combined.
An excellent bridge into introductory computer science topics. Professors Susan Davidson and Chris Murphy exposed learners to computer science concepts within everyday problems.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. If you are new to computer science or need a refresher of the basic concepts you learned in high school / college, this is the perfect course
The instruction -- as well as production quality -- of the course was outstanding, the course was very well paced and laid out, with each new week building upon learned concepts from the previous. I had done some online tutorials in various coding languages in the past, but this course is different in that it devotes the majority of the time to really break down a problem and think about it -- computationally -- before writing a single line of code. This made the final portion of the course, implementing the solution in Python, so much more rewarding, enjoyable and fun. It all came together and I just felt so satisfied seeing the results.The instructors (Chris Murphy and Susan Davidson) did a truly outstanding job explaining each concept and walking through examples to reinforce -- and both even threw in some humor for good measure, which helped to soften a very scientific and stereotyped field. This course was a great intro for those questioning whether or not they are truly interested in Comp Sci, as it makes you take a simple everyday problem and think about it in a computational way. There are thousands of coding tutorials online but I would highly recommend taking this course first as it acts as almost a primer to getting your thought process in the right mindset before even looking at a programming language.
The first three weeks of the course were excellent, especially the way in which algorithms are explained. Students then have the opportunity to gain experience via various assignments. The issue for me came in week 4. While the assignments at face value were not overly complex, completing them took more time than they should have. That is due partially to having to conduct research outside of the course materials in order to accomplish the objective. If this was made clear in the instructions it would have been less of an issue. Otherwise, I thoroughly enjoyed the instructors,  and the TA was very responsive to questions/problems.
This course is perfect for introducing those without a Computer Science background to the world of CS! By the end of the course you will be writing your own code. The professors are absolutely AMAZING and the effort put into designing this course is evident in each Lesson. I found that the material was clear, easy to understand, and incredibly useful. It teaches how to think in a computational way that is both holistic and streamlined. Overall, this was a fun, informative, and motivating course that I would HIGHLY recommend to everyone! I would take it again if I wasn't so excited to learn more Python!
This course is a beneficial and practical course for people who do not have any prior knowledge of computer science. The course covers the essential concepts of thinking as a computer scientist, in other words thinking in a logical way to solve a problem accurately. This course is not only useful for the novice but also it is an excellent refreshment for any computer science graduates or even professionals to review the foundations of computer science and programming in an attractive way that a decent university such as Penn offers.Both professors are amazing, and I have learned a lot.Thank you,
Overall, this was an awesome class and I was able to learn quite a bit.
Having a background in IT, but not in computer science, I was able to
learn the process behind computational thinking and how applications can be
broken down and solved in steps. I had taken a few programing class while in
undergrad but hadn't been taught the four pillars of computational thinking.
Getting an introduction to Python was great as well and I plan on working with
it in more detail. This class has really sparked my interest in all things
computing and I plan on applying to the MCIT online program.
Excellent course for anyone with no prior experience in programming (or very basic, as was my case). It shows how to apply structured thinking to problem-solving, whether in a computational or an everyday situation. The assignments and exercises were great, and in some cases, you learn by reviewing other people's work. I finally learned how to program in Python (at least the basics), something I've been wanting for a long time! Congratulations to the University of Pennsylvania for creating this high-quality online course. Now I hope to keep learning more about this subject.
I overthought several parts towards the beginning just based on my experience, and wish a couple of questions were more clear (e.g. is modifying a variable and reassigning a variable to a different value the same thing? in part 3). I had had someone grading it that was more experienced and spoke my language natively (and I'm sure the feelings are mutual!) but even though I've been studying Python for a few months I learned a few things, especially in the parts on machine language, and also that putting ideas in flowchart form is a good way to impose rigor on one's ideas.
I've done several intro-level courses In Python programming before but this Is by far the most systematic Introduction to programming I have taken. Even though we didn't do any real programming until week 4 of the course, everything leading up to actual programming was every bit as valuable as learning the actual strokes of programming Itself, If not more valuable as It recalibrates ones brain to break from the normal patterns of Intuitive thinking. I can't wait to begin using what I learned on the job and learn more programming concepts.
A
well-structured course to explain computational thinking which can be applied
to any complex problem in life (not just IT related). A good lesson on computer
architecture to get an understanding on how computers work (was fascinating to
know what binary number system means that is used to develop all these complex
systems/apps we are surrounded by). It also covers basics of python programming language
(Quizzes on them were challenging but exciting part of the course). Look forward to
further computer science learning
Unlike other MOOC programming courses offered, this one teaches you how to think instead of how to follow step by step tutorial. Background in programming would be a very nice thing to have, and homework and projects would be quite challenging for those without prior exposure. The course could be really improved by offering more programming exercises and perhaps more test cases to debug student assignments. Overall, I think this is a good intro course, even for those who already have a background in programming.
This is an exciting course to take and if you are persistent you shall succeed.  It really made me flex my brain muscles.  This course made me realise how much I love the IT field and gives me motivation to return to this field professionally.  I look forward to taking more courses with UPenn.  Also, the Teaching Staff gave excellent advice on solving one of my issues in coding.  It required no clarification once I took a second revisit at his comments.  Thank you for this experience.
Compelling lectures paired with practical implementations to reinforce computer science concepts forwarded by Professor Davidson and Professor Murphy makes this course truly stand out among my 5 years of graduate education. The online context allows for both efficient and expedient learning accessible to anyone with an internet connection. I've already began to contrive solutions to real world problems I face daily as a physician using the knowledge acquired from this course. 5/5.
Computational Thinking for Problem Solving is one of the best courses I have taken thus far on Coursera. The course is extremely organized, yet challenging (for non-CS majors) and forces one to learn a multitude of concepts that are prevalent in our world today. Hats off to the team at Penn Engineering for creating such a transformative, creative and intuitive approach to computational thinking, and applying the lesson material to real-world problems and solutions.Best,Holden
Even just after finishing week 1, I have noticed an improvement in how I go about  the challenges in my work as I was already able to apply the basic concepts of computational thinking. The simplicity of their lectures even as they go through detailed explanations has helped me in understanding the concept and application of this course. I would definitely recommend this. In fact, I already did recommend it to some of my colleagues as I was taking it.
This was an exceptional course, I learned a lot about the basics of computational thinking, how to break down problems into smaller problems and tackle them one step at a time. You don't realize how much you actually use computational thinking in real-life until you take this course. It progressed to more difficult topics throughout the course but as long as you read the instructions thoroughly you will be able to complete everything without help.
This is a challenging course, with a high volume of assignments.  I would suggest doing this course by itself (not working on other courses at the same time.)  Good progression of instruction and easy explanations.  The week 4 programming assignments are challenging and sometimes frustrating, but that goes with it being new.  I was able to complete them all within a week without extra assistance, checking the forum a few times.
This was an excellent course. The instructors are very thorough and patient in their explanations of the topics. Having taken online courses previously, I felt that the approach of learning first how to think like a programmer, then finally executing code once that foundation was laid, helped me better understand how these concepts could be scaled and structured to fit a variety of real-world scenarios. Thank you!
The course content is really great. It's kind of a crash course of all the parts of a problem-solving in computational thinking. I was surprised that this course content included analyzing algorithms as well in such a short time. That's great! The instructors explained many concepts clearly. I recommend this course since everyone needs to think in a computational way in today's world.
This is an excellent course for beginners. As a beginner, I appreciated the focus on fundamentals before tackling programming projects. The Python exercises were particularly helpful to me as a beginner: they illustrated the fundamentals and gave me great practice with computational thinking and debugging. I also appreciate the course's emphasis on real-life applications of computing.
The course offers me a taste of computer science.  By studying the course, I can improve my problem solving skills by adopting a structured method. In addition, the course gave me experience of programming in python, a popular language at present. I highly recommend this course to people who are not familiar with programming and want to learn more knowledge in this field.
What a great introduction to Computer Science. I've been a programmer for a couple of years and know Python pretty well. This course was helpful for understanding the more fundamental concepts I experience every day, e.g. sorting lists. Most of Python logic is abstracted away from the user so it's great to take this course to see what's under the hood.
I've taken multiple Coursera courses, and this one is *extremely* well-done and very, very professional. The production of videos is very high (even kind of artistic?), the assignments/prompts are applied to real-world scenarios (and are also used as a string throughout the entirety of the course), and the instruction is organized, concise, and clear.
I think this is a great course to take if you are considering getting into the world of coding. It teaches you how to think and approach problems from a computer science point of view. The progression of the material is well thought out and they use plenty of common, everyday examples to demonstrate what you are learning. Definitely recommend!!
Great course! Very engaging - can't wait to take more computational courses. Very gentle introduction to high-level computational thinking. Ramps up a bit in difficulty by Week 4, and requires twice as much time as previous weeks (mostly on coding and debugging).Jennifer Yen (TA) was very helpful with fixing a bug in my code. Thank you!
This course was very informative. It starts off with more general strategies about problem-solving in general, and as the course develops, it becomes apparent how these relate to computing. Each segment builds upon the information presented in the previous so that at the end it makes sense why the solutions presented are what they are.
If there is one thing I learned from this course it is that learning how to code does not always mean thinking computationally. Practically speaking, this course has content that can be applicable from day one. If you are interested in knowing how the story began or understand programming from the roots, this is the place to start.
This was an excellent course. I thoroughly enjoyed the real-world examples, and ample opportunities to practice and test each module. I learned a tremendous amount, and would recommend this course for anyone interested in logical thinking and problem solving; not just for science, but in many other areas of academics, and life!
Excellent! Best computational thinking course and introduction to python that I've ever come across.  I never imagined I would be able to grasp the concepts of Algorithmic complexity but was finally able to get it  and so much more through this course.  It covers all the essentials and is very well done.
The teachings that i experience here is way too different from Indian online education system .Coursera is more developed and skill enhancer to the one  who is  beginner and want to learn with minimum pressure in a different way.Thanks to Coursera (Computational Thinking for problem solving).
This was a great class to improve analytical thinking and problem-solving skills. I enjoyed the opportunity to learn a new logical way to see the world and to rewire my thinking process. Thank you for a compelling and engaging class. I look forward to keeping learning about computer science.
An amazing course that teach the way of computational thinking behind our works of programming. It may not be the best and absolute way to analyze for every problems and difficulties, but at least it provide a way which how we use this sort of thinking to simplify and focus on the problems.
Very well thought-out course. I have some experience with Python from other courses which definitely helped, but I found this course very interesting in 'stepping back & seeing the bigger picture' i.e. how to think about problems using algorithms. Highly recommended, I learnt lots.
Great Introduction to thinking about how to think about and structure basic coding structures like loops. I've learned syntax several times, but never quite understood the practical meaning behind it. The flow charts in this course are awesome for developing a great understanding,
Really useful course if you are learning to code or if understanding how the coding process works would help you in your job or study. Generally teaches good problem solving processes too. The presenters are engaging and the activities are interesting. Good job, Penn.
Very thorough starter course. I especially loved the composing algorithms , translating to pseudocode and coding into python exercises in the final week. While occasionally tricky, thinking through an exercise and finally solving it is satisfying. Thank you Upenn!
Great course! Ive got a degree in economics as well as nursing and wanted to get my feet wet  as I'm thinking of switching careers. This course was fun and definitely a little challenging at the end. I would recommend it and can't wait to pick my next class.
To
think what a difference just a few weeks can make… thank you for awakening a
desire in us propelling us forward into the world as computational thinking evangelists! Know
that you will be challenged, but true satisfaction awaits at the end-- priceless!!
Very excellent introduction course, especially for the concept of computational thinking. The contents are well-organized and easy to follow as a beginner. The MCIT program sounds like a good track to keep the learning process. I will definitely apply it!
This course really gave more confidence to write code, i even discovered that i can solve problems and detect bugs in my code with a little time and focus, one of the best courses i have taken online, and would recommend to everyone, literally everyone
The coding challenges were tough for me. I have some python experience from prior to the course but I’m really just still beginning to learn it.  I don’t find coding to be intuitive yet, but I enjoy figuring out how to use it to solve a problem.
Great introduction and application of computational thinking and dabbling in Python, the pacing was gradual to build upon the complexity required, and the instructors were both engaging and intellectually honest for this introductory course.
Fabulous course. I truly like how the content was structured and the instructor's approach of delivering theoretical concepts with real-life examples. Highly recommend for anyone who wants to have some basic understanding of computing:-)
Great course!  I highly recommend this to anyone who is interested in getting started with computer science or computer programming.  This course provides a good introduction to the thought processes and concepts used in these fields.
I like week 4 particularly, because it compresses the basics of python into one week. I really like to see the outcomes of programming. In this way, I can see the outcomes immediately instead of starting with the "hello world" stuff.
I thought this course was great.  The progression from manual deconstruction of a problem all the way to coding the problems in python was great.  The lectures were very interesting and were easy to relate to real  world situations.
Sometimes you feel lonely, but this is a really agreeable experience once you figuring out, I recommend this introduction course for those who seek to catch a glimpse of the power of computer sciences and information technologies.
A very good beginners course to learn how to take a computational approach to solving problems. For those who come from a non CS backgrounds and want to learn programming, this class is a great starting place, highly recommend!
In the course, I learned how to solve real world problems with computational thinking principles. I feel that I have accomplished a lot since I was able to write a python program solving a complex problem after this course.
I very much loved the layout of the course and the method of delivery. As a deaf individual, I very much enjoyed the ability to read the lecture as the video played. A truly multi-dimensional sensory experience. Thank you!
Extremely high quality course. It is extremely evident that a lot of time and effort went into it. I'm very thankful I took the course if only for the exposure to a different way to attack problems in a systematic manner.
This course is very good, and give me basic introductionary feelings and experience  on how to  computational thinking to solve problems and realize the solution by using Python codes. This is very efficient and powerful.
Really great beginner course for anyone looking to understand CS / programming fundamentals. The course does a really god job building a strong foundational element and then concluding with you writing your own program.
I loved this course! It was a perfect introduction to computer science and basic programming. I had no prior experience, and I found it challenging but understandable. It was well-structured. I'm excited to learn more.
One of the best courses I've taken.  I've been out of university level study for a while now, but this was a great way to learn an overview of computational thinking without much prior knowledge of computer science.
Its really helpful for real life situation problem solving.In some cases maybe we know some of the terms which you will learn here but for using those in a organized way this course is really very helpful i think.
Really excellent course I highly recommend it. As a self taught programmer, I feel I have a gain a deeper understanding of what I'm doing. UPenn teaching quality is top notch, I want to go for the MCIT program now
Great course for students that want to start solving difficult problems and understand the programming better. Great for students that think about teaching programming in the future and solve difficult problems.
Thanks, alot for this course. it was super helpful, easy to follow, and me loving challenging task. this course allowed me experience that in a handful. Thank You coursera, Thank You University of Pennsylvania.
Really good course explaining the fundamentals of computational thinking. A must for people who are looking into doing computer science or any kind of software-related work and don't have a background in it.
Excellent course it was a  great challenge to achieve but I think this is the best way to learn, I really recommend you if you have time to street a little try to solve the exercises that you can learn well
A very good overview of computational thinking!  If it's your first time, you need to take this course.  The courses uses real-life examples and unplugged programming, making learning relevant and personal.
Great Course!!! I would highly recommend this fo anyone. I have bachelorsand masters degrees in engineering and I found this course very helpful and plan to apply what I learned at my place of work. Thanks!
Although I knew a little Python before taking this course, I found that I still gained a lot of benefit from the problem-solving sections of this course. I also enjoying learning about different algorithms.
The course is very well-designed and it helped me develop understand how to apply computational thinking in solving various types of problems as well as acquire basic skills of programming in Python.
Very comprehensive course. As a chemist who is interested in doing a course in programming I was quite uncertain if I'd be able to pick it up however this course has helped me understand the basics.
Really great course about Computational Thinking and how to solve problems. Recommended for anyone interested in learning more about Computer Science and how computers can help us solve problems.
Great course - the non-programming parts (making flow charts etc) were actually more difficult than the programming (simple Python programming - my first time programming in python)
It was amazing program to learn the computational thinking and the basic of python programming. Some tests were difficult for me, but it was good training to learn the programming.
Well taught with good examples and  exercises that require thinking but still approachable. Very well laid out and taught. Definitely sparked an interest to go learn more.
I really enjoyed many parts of this course, and feel more confident in applying the tenants of computational thinking to problems I encounter from here on out. Thanks!
Value, conherence content, life-long skill for problem solving. It the best in Computational Thinking, you can also consider as good Introduction to Computer Sciences.
Great course for non-programmers to refresh their basic computational thinking knowledge before taking more complex Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence concepts
Great course, this gave me the confidence I needed to pursue my MS in CS through UPenn. The Coursera platform is amazing and the forums are helpful when you're stuck
I learned the methods to solve the problem with computational thinking and the course is really great. I will recommend this course to my friends and colleagues.
More than yet another programming crash course. The only requirements here are your brain and desire to solve real-world problems. Simple and clear for everyone.
A very thorough and engaging experience for student. Lots of video and very good explanation of computer science concept and practical problems involving python
Excellent and thoughtfully made introduction to computational thinking. It is a very useful launching point for getting into more advanced computing classes.
Great content and well explained. There's a gap of pace in week 4 where the python content is condensed in one week, making the last assignment a bit vague.
This is a good short starter course for people leaping into IT and good refresher course for some. I could finish the audit (minus assignment) in two days
Great course for an introduction to Computer Science. Learned a lot and enjoyed even more. The quality of the material (video production) is really goof.
If you don't have programming experience, you may find the last module a bit challenge. But overall, it's a very good, structured, informative course.
A very interactive and beneficial course , I say that this is the best course one should take before starting programming and competitive programming
Great course for people new to computing, but also helpful for those who have dabbled in various languages but want to understand the bigger picture.
Excellent foundational knowledge for problem solving, especially as it pertains to computer science, while not limited to it. Highly recommended.
This was a great introduction to computational thinking.  All the lessons were clear and thorough and the quizzes/assignments were enlightening.
very solid introduction about the  logic & computational thinking, which made the programming part later in the course makes a lot more sense.
great course :). It would be perfect if you can increase more volume for instructor. It's I really can'y hear the course while I'm in Subway
helps student to think and approach problems in any field of studies. great starting course for student wants to get into computer science.
I would definitely recommend this course for its step-by-step training for computational thinking. I learned a lot from each assignment!
This was my first time to think deeply about programming. I think this is a great course! I would defiantly like to recommend to people.
The instructors explains the concepts of programming very well. Love this course. A great compact programming 101 class for beginners!
Great course for beginners! I have gained a basic understanding of computer science, which really inspires me to dive into the area.
Very well designed course, all doubts were cleared in very efficiently by the TAs.great introductory course for Python programming !
Great course, I really enjoyed learning about computational thinking for solving problem and especially, learning  Python is fun!
Amazing course to introduce concepts of computer science! Highly recommend it to anyone wanting to dip their toes in this field!
Need to change process of grading assignments. Not all students understand that answer is correct and usually give lower grade.
Great course with step by step breakdown of computational thinking, leading into algorithms and the basics of coding in Python.
Definitely recommend doing this course. A lot of problem-solving skill improvement. Response time by staff is very good too.
Great introduction to computer science and programming. Tried a couple of other course, but found this one the most helpful.
The challenging assignments and projects made it more interesting and taught me to always pay attention to little details.
It was a great learning experience. I was able to understand steps to take before solving problems using code.Thank you
This course is one of the best courses I have come across .definitely will recommend the course if you are a beginner.
Really great course in terms of usefulness of material, the way it is presented, and resources available for support.
Great intro. Pushed me hard to be self-sufficient. Really upped my confidence that I can do it. Ready for the MCIT!
I thought the course was great. Very much tailored towards learners with little to no computer science background.
If you are dealing with project management and huge amount of data, I believe this course will be the best fit!
This is a great course for people have an interests in Computer Science. The thought process is very valuable.
Great! There are a lot things I learnt in this course that I can use in my life to solve real world problems.
Absolutely engaging, enlightening and educative. Great lecturers.Week 4 was demanding but I found a way out.
The course is very well-structured to equip students with the foundation to start learning computer science.
This course is extremely helpful for understanding the basics knowledge and skills about computer science.
A very interesting, but demanding course that gives you new perspectives on how to challenge problems.
Amazing! Highly professional course material and by far the best course on Coursera I've taken so far.
An amazing introductory course to someone who is interested in computer science! Highly recommend it!
It was well structured program which make me to consider to join in further class like master degree.
Solid course for a beginner that makes you think and struggle which leads to learning and retention.
very useful! It will train you how to think like a computer, and hence to understand it how it works
Very well laid out. I see more folks taking advantage of this method of learning in the future.
An excellent and surprisingly applicable course not only for programming but to everyday life.
This helped me a lot in structuring my thoughts when it comes to problem solving. Good indeed!
An in-depth theoretical and practical coverage of the four pillars of computational thinking.
I really enjoyed the content! It was challenging and encouraged me to think outside the box.
Great learning  from this course. Case studies was the most interesting part of the course.
I enjoyed learning with you! Thank you for all the fruitful words and lectures. Stay safe!
This course was very well-planned and is a great refresher to ease back into coding.
A wonderful program; which seems to have re-ignited a lost fondness for programming
Great start and introduction of computational thinking and computer science world!
Leaps and bounds better than an introductory CS class at a traditional university.
amazing course for building up the framework of developing computational systems
Really good overview of the end to end computational process. Highly recommend!
This class provides an approach to problem solving that everyone should learn.
Exceptional course! Very engaging! Very well thought out. Amazing lectures.
well organized program and it is also life changing online educational too!
Great course with strong scaffolding and practical applications throughout.
Solid foundational course for thinking through problems like an engineer.
it is good for biginner. Susan and Chris provided an excellent course
Surprisingly well organized for the amount of information provided.
Good introduction if you have no background in computer science.
Very structured, informative and have good assignments. Thanks.
Great course! Very useful and will build on what I've learned.
Its a really nice class, clear presentations, and good workout
Very helpful course for an introduction of computer science!
Great course for beginning a journey into computer science!
Really good for learning to think as a computer scientist
Excellent introduction and overview to computer science.
good for people who have no computer science knowledge.
Course is organized very clearly. Content is solid.
Great course for introduction to computer science.
Truly excellent. Perfectly explained and tested.
Good introductory course! Very clear lectures
Good start to computer programming and python
Really helpful course! Really great course!
Excellent course and great into to Python!
Well designed and engaging - great course!
Great course, easy to follow and engaging
Great course, but challenging in week 4!
Great introduction to computer science.
Well organized, engaging, informative.
Great into to CT I really enjoyed it.
It´s a great course to start with.
very well detailed basic course.
Amazing and challenging course.
Great program. I learned a lot!
Well structured great course!
Very well laid out and paced.
The course has been helpful!
Interesting and informative
Excellent! Mindblowing
Well formulated course
Well Presented Course
Outstanding course!!
it worth the time.
Awesome learning.
Neat and clear
